<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-K_edgar_data_875582_0001171843-24-006440.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8956746</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>429498</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1537244</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2661160</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2058885</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2060987</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001171843-24-006440.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119081539
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-24-006440
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NORTHERN TECHNOLOGIES INTERNATIONAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000875582
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COATING, ENGRAVING & ALLIED SERVICES [3470]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				410857886
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11038
		FILM NUMBER:		241473413

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4201 WOODLAND ROAD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 69
		CITY:			CIRCLE PINES
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55014
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(763) 225-6601

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4201 WOODLAND ROAD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 69
		CITY:			CIRCLE PINES
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55014

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NORTHERN INSTRUMENTS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001171843-24-006440.txt : 20241119

10-K
 1
 ntic20240831_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

ntic20240831_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 ______________________________ 

FORM 

 (Mark One) 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________________ to __________________ 

Commission file number 

 ____________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

P.O. Box 69 

			 , 

			 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

) 
(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES NO 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock, excluding shares beneficially owned by affiliates, computed by reference to the closing sales price at which the common stock was last sold as of February 29, 2024 (the last business day of the registrant s second fiscal quarter) as reported by The Nasdaq Stock Market on that date was approximately million. 

As of November 19, 2024, shares of common stock of the registrant were outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K incorporates by reference information (to the extent specific sections are referred to herein) from the registrant s Proxy Statement for its 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held January 17, 2025. 

NORTHERN TECHNOLOGIES INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

1 

Item 1. 

BUSINESS 

1 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

13 

Item 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

15 

Item 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

36 

Item 1C. 
			 CYBERSECURITY 
			 36 

Item 2. 

PROPERTIES 

38 

Item 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

38 

Item 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

38 

PART II 

39 

Item 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

39 

Item 6. 

[RESERVED] 

39 

Item 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

40 

Item 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

53 

Item 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

54 

Item 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

81 

Item 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

81 

Item 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

82 

Item 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

82 

PART III 

83 

Item 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

83 

Item 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

83 

Item 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

83 

Item 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

85 

Item 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

85 

PART IV 

86 

Item 15. 

EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

86 

Item 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

89 

_______________ 

This annual report on Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements that are within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. For more information, see Part I. Item 1. Business Forward-Looking Statements. 

i

_______________ 

As used in this report, references to NTIC, the Company, we, our, or us, unless the context otherwise requires, refer to Northern Technologies International Corporation and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries, all of which are consolidated on NTIC s consolidated financial statements. 

As used in this report, references to: (1) NTIC China refer to NTIC s wholly-owned subsidiary in China, NTIC (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.; (2) NTI Europe refer to NTIC s wholly-owned subsidiary in Germany, NTIC Europe GmbH; (3) Zerust Mexico refer to NTIC s wholly-owned subsidiary in Mexico, ZERUST-EXCOR MEXICO, S. de R.L. de C.V.; (4) Zerust India refer to NTIC s wholly-owned subsidiary in India, HNTI Limited (formerly Harita-NTI Limited); (5) Zerust Brazil refer to NTIC s majority-owned Brazilian subsidiary, Zerust Preven o de Corros o S.A.; (6) Natur-Tec India refer to NTIC s majority-owned subsidiary in India, Natur-Tec India Private Limited; (7) Natur Tec Lanka refer to NTIC s majority-owned subsidiary in Sri Lanka, Natur Tec Lanka (Pvt) Ltd and (8) NTI Asean refer to NTIC s majority-owned holding company subsidiary, NTI Asean LLC, which holds investments in certain entities that operate in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) region. 

NTIC s consolidated financial statements do not include the accounts of any of its joint ventures. Except as otherwise indicated, references in this report to NTIC s joint ventures do not include any of NTIC s wholly-owned or majority-owned subsidiaries. 

As used in this report, references to EXCOR refer to NTIC s joint venture in Germany, Excor Korrosionsschutz Technologien und Produkte GmbH. 

All trademarks, trade names, or service marks referred to in this report are the property of their respective owners. 

ii

PART I 

Item 1. 

BUSINESS 

Overview 

Northern Technologies International Corporation (NTIC) develops and markets proprietary, environmentally beneficial products and services in over 65 countries either directly or via a network of subsidiaries, joint ventures, independent distributors, and agents. NTIC s primary business is corrosion prevention products and services, marketed mainly under the ZERUST brand. NTIC has been selling its proprietary ZERUST products and services to the automotive, electronics, electrical, mechanical, military, and retail consumer markets for over 50 years and, more recently, has also expanded into the oil and gas industry. Additionally, NTIC markets and sells a portfolio of proprietary bio-based and certified compostable (fully biodegradable) polymer resin compounds and finished products under the Natur-Tec brand. These sustainable packaging products are intended to reduce NTIC s customers carbon footprint and provide environmentally sound waste disposal options. 

NTIC s ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products include plastic and paper packaging, liquids, coatings, rust removers, cleaners, and diffusers as well as engineered solutions designed specifically for the oil and gas industry. NTIC also offers worldwide, on-site, technical consulting for rust and corrosion prevention issues. NTIC s technical service consultants work directly with the end users of NTIC s ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products to analyze their specific needs and develop systems to meet their performance requirements. In North America, NTIC sells its ZERUST corrosion prevention solutions through a network of independent distributors and agents supported by a direct sales force. 

Internationally, NTIC sells its ZERUST corrosion prevention solutions through its wholly-owned subsidiary in China, NTIC (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (NTIC China), its wholly-owned subsidiary in India, HNTI Limited (Zerust India), its majority-owned joint venture holding company for NTIC s joint venture investments in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) region, NTI Asean LLC (NTI Asean), and certain other majority-owned and wholly-owned subsidiaries, and joint venture arrangements in North America, Europe, and Asia. NTIC also sells products directly to its European joint venture partners through its wholly-owned subsidiary in Germany, NTIC Europe GmbH (NTI Europe). 

One of NTIC s strategic initiatives is to expand into and penetrate other markets for its ZERUST corrosion prevention technologies. Consequently, for the past several years, NTIC has focused significant sales and marketing efforts on the oil and gas industry, as the infrastructure that supports that industry is typically constructed using metals that are highly susceptible to corrosion. NTIC believes that its ZERUST corrosion prevention solutions will minimize maintenance downtime on critical oil and gas industry infrastructure, extend the life of such infrastructure, and reduce the risk of environmental pollution due to leaks caused by corrosion. 

NTIC markets and sells its ZERUST rust and corrosion prevention solutions to customers in the oil and gas industry in a continuously increasing number of countries either directly, through its subsidiaries, or through its joint venture partners and other strategic partners. The sale of ZERUST corrosion prevention solutions to customers in the oil and gas industry typically involves long sales cycles, often including multi-year trial periods with each customer and a slow integration process thereafter. 

Natur-Tec bio-based and compostable plastics are manufactured using NTIC s patented and/or proprietary technologies and are intended to replace conventional petroleum-based plastics. The Natur-Tec biopolymer resin compound portfolio includes formulations that have been optimized for a variety of applications, including blown-film extrusion, coatings, injection molding, thermoforming, profile extrusion and engineered plastics. These resin compounds are certified to be fully biodegradable in a commercial composting environment and are currently being used to produce finished products, including can liners, shopping and grocery bags, lawn and leaf bags, branded apparel packaging bags and accessories, and various foodservice items, such as disposable cutlery, drinking straws, food-handling gloves, and coated paper products. In North America, NTIC markets its Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products primarily through a network of regional and national distributors as well as independent agents. NTIC continues to see significant opportunities for finished bioplastic products and, therefore, continues to strengthen and expand its North American distribution network for finished Natur-Tec bioplastic products. 

1

Internationally, NTIC sells its Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products both directly and through its wholly-owned subsidiary in China, NTIC (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., and majority-owned subsidiaries in India, Natur-Tec India Private Limited, and Sri Lanka, Natur Tec Lanka (Pvt) Ltd, and through distributors and certain joint ventures. 

NTIC s Subsidiaries and Joint Venture Network 

NTIC has ownership interests in 11 operating subsidiaries in North America, South America, Europe, and Asia, the results of which are fully consolidated in NTIC s consolidated financial statements. While most of NTIC s subsidiaries exclusively sell rust and corrosion inhibiting products, some of the subsidiaries also sell NTIC s Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished goods. The following table sets forth a list of NTIC s operating subsidiaries as of November 19, 2024, the country in which the subsidiary is organized, and NTIC s ownership percentage in each subsidiary: 

Subsidiary Name 

Country 

NTIC Percent ) 

			 Ownership 

HNTI Limited 

India 

100 

Natur Tec Lanka (Pvt) Ltd 

Sri Lanka (1) 

75 

Natur-Tec India Private Limited 

India 

75 

NTI Asean LLC 

United States 

60 

NTIC (Shanghai) Co., Ltd 

China 

100 

NTIC Europe GmbH 

Germany 

100 

Zerust Preven o de Corros o S.A. 

Brazil 

85 

Zerust Singapore Pte Ltd 

Singapore (2) 

60 

Zerust Vietnam Co. Ltd 

Vietnam (3) 

60 

Zerust Taiwan Co., Ltd 

Taiwan (3) 

60 

ZERUST-EXCOR MEXICO, S. de R.L. de C.V. 

Mexico 

100 

(1) 

Natur Tec Lanka (Pvt) Ltd. is 100 owned by Natur-Tec India Private Limited and, therefore, indirectly owned by NTIC. 

(2) 

Zerust Singapore Pte Ltd is 100 owned by NTI Asean LLC and, therefore, indirectly owned by NTIC. 

(3) 

Zerust Vietnam Co. Ltd and Zerust Taiwan Co., Ltd are 100 owned by Zerust Singapore Pte Ltd and, therefore, indirectly owned by NTIC. 

NTIC participates in 15 active joint venture arrangements in North America, Europe, and Asia. Each of these joint ventures generally manufactures and markets products in the geographic territory to which it is assigned. NTIC s joint ventures exclusively sell rust and corrosion inhibiting products. NTIC has historically funded its investments in joint ventures with cash generated from operations. NTIC accounts for the investments and financial results of its joint ventures in its consolidated financial statements utilizing the equity method of accounting. The following table sets forth a list of NTIC s operating joint ventures as of November 19, 2024, the country in which the joint venture is organized, and NTIC s ownership percentage in each joint venture: 

Joint Venture Name 

Country 

NTIC 

			 Percent ) Ownership 

ACOBAL SAS 

France 

50 

CHONG WAH-NTIA SDN. BHD. 

Malaysia (1) 

30 

EXCOR KORROSIONSSCHUTZ TECHNOLOGIEN UND PRODUKTE GMBH 

Germany 

50 

EXCOR SP. Z.O.O. 

Poland 

50 

EXCOR-ZERUST S.R.O. 

Czech Republic 

50 

KOREA ZERUST CO., LTD. 

South Korea (1) 

30 

PT. CHEMINDO NTIA 

Indonesia (1) 

30 

TAIYONIC LTD. 

Japan 

50 

ZERUST DNEPR 

Ukraine 

50 

ZERUST (U.K.) LTD. 

United Kingdom 

50 

ZERUST A. . 

Turkey 

50 

ZERUST AB 

Sweden 

50 

ZERUST CONSUMER PRODUCTS, LLC 

United States 

50 

ZERUST OY 

Finland 

50 

ZERUST SPECIALTY TECH CO. LTD. 

Thailand (1) 

30 

____________________ 

(1) 

Indirect ownership interest through NTI Asean. 

For more information regarding NTIC s joint ventures and their effect on NTIC s operating results, see NTIC s consolidated financial statements in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this report. 

2

Products 

NTIC derives revenues directly and/or indirectly through its subsidiaries and joint ventures from two reportable business segments based on products sold, customer base, and distribution center: ZERUST corrosion prevention solutions and Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products. 

ZERUST Corrosion Prevention Solutions . In fiscal 2024, 74.2 of NTIC s consolidated net sales were derived from developing, manufacturing and marketing ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products and services. NTIC s consolidated net sales in fiscal 2024 included 63,092,575 in sales of ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products and services, an increase of 2.2 from such sales in fiscal 2023. Corrosion not only damages the appearance of metal products and components but also negatively impacts their mechanical performance. This applies to the rusting of ferrous metals (iron and steel) and the deterioration by oxidation of nonferrous metals (aluminum, copper, brass, etc.). NTIC s ZERUST corrosion prevention solutions include plastic and paper packaging, powders, liquids, coatings, rust removers, cleaners, diffusers, and engineered solutions for the oil and gas industry as well as technical corrosion management and consulting services. 

Plastic and Paper Packaging . NTIC s ZERUST packaging products contain proprietary chemical formulations that continuously release an invisible, odorless and non-toxic vapor that forms a passivating layer on any metal surfaces it comes in contact with and thereby inhibits rust and corrosion. The corrosion inhibiting protection is maintained only as long as the metal products to be protected remain enclosed within the ZERUST packaging. Electron scanning shows that once metal products are removed from the ZERUST packaging, the ZERUST protective layer dissipates from the contents surfaces within two hours, leaving a clean, dry, and corrosion-free metal component. This mechanism of corrosion protection enables NTIC s customers to easily package metal objects for rust-free shipment and/or long-term storage. Furthermore, by eliminating costly greasing and degreasing processes and/or significantly reducing the use of certain coatings to inhibit corrosion, NTIC s ZERUST corrosion prevention solutions provide customers significant savings as compared to traditional methods of corrosion prevention in terms of labor, material, and capital expenditures for equipment to apply, remove, and dispose of oils and greases, as well as environmental, health and safety benefits provided by not having to handle and work with hazardous chemicals. 

NTIC was the first in the world to develop the means of infusing volatile corrosion inhibiting chemical compounds (VCIs) into polyethylene and polypropylene resins. Combining ZERUST chemical compounds with polyethylene and polypropylene resins permitted NTIC to introduce a line of plastic packaging products in the form of low and high-density polyethylene bags and shroud film, including stretch, shrink, skin, and bubble cushioning film, thereby giving customers the ability to ship and store ferrous, nonferrous, and mixed-metal products in a clean, dry, and corrosion-free condition, at an overall savings in total process costs. In addition to plastic packaging, NTIC has also developed VCI compounds to imbue kraft paper, corrugated cardboard, solid fiber, and chipboard packaging materials with corrosion protection properties. NTIC s ZERUST plastic and paper packaging products come in various thicknesses, strength enhancements, protection types, shapes, and sizes. This product line also includes items such as ZERUST gun cases, car covers, and tool-drawer liners, which are targeted at retail consumers. 

Liquids and Coatings . NTIC s corrosion prevention solutions include a line of metal surface treatment liquids and coatings, which are oil, water, or bio-solvent based, and are marketed under brand names including Axxatec , Axxanol , and Z-Maxx . These liquids and coatings provide powerful protection in aggressively corrosive environments, such as salt air, high humidity, and/or high temperatures. Products are formulated for most metal types and protection levels. For exceptionally harsh environments, customers may choose to use a combination of NTIC s liquids and coatings with ZERUST plastic and/or paper products to achieve robust corrosion protection during manufacturing, shipping, and warehousing stages. 

3

Rust Removers and Cleaners . NTIC also sells rust removal and cleaning products, under the Axxaclean brand name, designed to restore rusty parts to a usable condition without the use of labor-intensive, abrasive cleaners that damage surfaces and commonly fail to remove rust from complex metal surfaces, like the teeth of small gears. 

Diffusers . NTIC s corrosion prevention solutions include a line of corrosion inhibiting vapor diffusers, such as ZERUST ActivPak , ZERUST ICT Vapor Capsules, ZERUST ICT Plastabs , ZERUST ICT Cor-Tabs , ZERUST ICT Pipe Strip, and ZERUST ICT Tube Strip. These diffusers are designed to protect metals within enclosures, like switch gearboxes and electronics cabinets, or can be used as extra protection when added to ZERUST packaging products. Diffusers work by permeating the interior air of an enclosure with an invisible and odorless corrosion inhibiting vapor that settles as a protective layer on all metal surfaces that are within the range of a specific radius of protection for a period of one or two years depending on the product model. This invisible and dry protective layer revaporizes and dissipates into the air upon removal of a diffuser from an enclosure, leaving all surfaces clean, dry, residue-free, and corrosion-free. 

Z-CIS Technical Services . As an on-going effort to help NTIC s customers improve and control their corrosion management processes, NTIC markets and offers unique corrosion management and consulting services to target customers. This ZERUST corrosion inhibition system (known as Z-CIS leverages NTIC s global network to dispatch highly-trained technical service engineers to customer sites to solve complex corrosion problems. Several major automotive companies and their automotive parts suppliers have used NTIC s Z CIS system. 

ZERUST Corrosion Prevention Solutions Designed Specifically for the Oil and Gas Industry . NTIC has developed proprietary engineered corrosion inhibiting solutions specifically to mitigate the types of corrosion that commonly form on the capital assets used in the petroleum and chemical process industries and has targeted the sale of these ZERUST corrosion solutions to potential customers in the oil and gas industry. NTIC s consolidated net sales in fiscal 2024 included 9,229,279 in sales made to customers in the oil and gas industry, an increase of 18.3 from such sales in fiscal 2023. In fiscal 2024, sales of ZERUST corrosion prevention solutions to large customers in the oil and gas industry continued to become more consistent, with these customers continuing to re-order products. Sales within the U.S. also stabilized somewhat, and key customer relationships were expanded. While NTIC believes these trends show increased acceptance of corrosion solutions for the oil and gas industry, NTIC anticipates that its sales of ZERUST products and services into the oil and gas industry will continue to remain subject to significant volatility, specifically due to economic factors, such as potential crude oil price changes and global supply/demand churn. NTIC anticipates that its sales of ZERUST products and services into the oil and gas industry may be subject to additional volatility due to uncertainty caused by certain environmental policies and priorities of the current administration. Demand for ZERUST oil and gas products around the world depends primarily on market acceptance and the reach of NTIC s distribution network. Because of the typical size of individual orders and overall size of NTIC s net sales derived from sales of oil and gas products, the timing of one or more orders can materially affect NTIC s sales compared to prior fiscal year period sales. Projects in South America, Europe, the Middle East, and Southeast Asia are still a small but growing, strategically important part of the sales growth picture. 

The infrastructure/assets that support the oil and gas industry are predominantly constructed using metals that are highly susceptible to corrosion. The industrial environment at these facilities usually contains compounds, including sulfides and chlorides, which cause aggressive corrosion. This problem affects the service life and safety of pipelines, petroleum storage tanks, spare parts in long-term storage, coastal/offshore assets, and other critical equipment. In addition to the costs associated with the replacement of parts and structures, maintenance and repairs, and product loss, there are significant economic losses associated with critical infrastructure being down for repair and maintenance. Furthermore, there are also considerable health, safety, and environmental risks caused by corrosion that can greatly increase economic losses. While the industry predominantly uses various paints/coatings, engineered alloys, cathodic protection, etc. to mitigate corrosion, there are several situations where such options are not feasible and, in many such cases, NTIC believes that its ZERUST oil and gas corrosion prevention solutions are more effective at minimizing maintenance downtime on critical oil and gas industry infrastructure, extend the life of such infrastructure, and reduce the risk of environmental pollution due to leaks caused by corrosion. 

NTIC s rust and corrosion inhibiting products for the oil and gas industry include ZERUST Flange Savers , ZERUST Zif Tape, ZERUST ReCAST-SSB solutions, and ZERUST chemicals, including Zerion powders and gels, in addition to many of the standard industrial ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products previously described. 

ZERUST Flange Savers are specially designed covers that have been impregnated with a proprietary ZERUST inhibitor formulation to provide corrosion protection for flanges, valves, and welded joints. Oil and gas pipeline segments are connected by flanges and welded joints of varying sizes, designs, and materials. These connection points often corrode under aggressive industrial environments and harsh operating conditions, thereby causing costly maintenance, operational, and safety problems. ZERUST Flange Savers are available in various sizes to accommodate different pipe diameters, pressure ratings, and international standards for pipeline valves and flanges. 

4

ZERUST ReCAST-SSB solutions protect the Soil Side Bottoms (SSB) of aboveground storage tanks through a variety of unique and highly effective delivery systems designed by the Zerust Oil Gas team to deliver proprietary Zerion FVS corrosion inhibitor to spaces under tank bottoms that are susceptible to significant corrosion. Tank bottoms are typically made of steel plates, which are in direct contact with a foundation surface that may be concrete, sand/soil, or asphalt/bitumen. It is typically not possible to protect this underside surface with traditional coatings. Cathodic protection (CP) systems can only provide partial protection, but also have significant limitations that cause failures well ahead of the expected service life of a tank. The ZERUST solutions provide effective protection even to areas that cannot be addressed with CP. These are engineered solutions where each system is tailored to a customer s requirements depending on factors including the tank foundation design, specific environmental conditions, and tank diameter. 

ZERUST Zerion powder-based inhibitor solutions include the following: 

Zerion FVS is a unique inhibitor blend that is used in both the SSB Solutions and in internal pipeline protection. This best-in-class product has been successfully deployed at multiple client sites in North and South America, Europe, the Middle East, India as well as other parts of Asia. 

Zerion FAN-5 is a lower cost inhibitor that is very effective at protecting metals upon contact. It can be used to treat large volumes of water that may be used for hydrotesting. In combination with Zerion FVS, it offers a more complete solution for the protection of pipelines. 

AutoFog is a revolutionary product that allows for the quick VCI saturation of large volume spaces without the need for mechanical fogging equipment. This rapid self-diffusing capability is designed for sealed void spaces, protection of large/complex assets like heat exchangers, and heater-treaters. 

Natur-Tec Resin Compounds and Finished Products. In fiscal 2024, 25.8 of NTIC s consolidated net sales were derived from a broad range of bioplastic packaging solutions, including bio-based and certified compostable (fully biodegradable) polymer resin compounds, and finished products under the Natur-Tec brand. NTIC s consolidated net sales in fiscal 2024 included 21,966,942 in sales of Natur-Tec resins and finished products, an increase of 20.9 compared to sales in fiscal 2023. Market drivers such as volatile petroleum prices, reduced dependence on foreign oil, reduced carbon footprints, requirements by multinational brands for sustainable packaging solutions that meet Circular Economy and environmentally responsible end-of-life disposal mandates, and concerns about plastic residue in the environment have led to heightened interest in using sustainable, bio-based and renewable plant-biomass resources for the manufacture of plastics and industrial products. Plastics that are fully biodegradable in commercial composting or anaerobic digestor systems allow the safe and effective conversion of these plastics to carbon dioxide, water, and fertilizer at the end of their service life. Increased environmental and sustainability awareness at the corporate and consumer level, improved technical properties and product functionality, as well as recent foreign, state, and local governmental regulations banning the use of conventional plastics or mandating the use of certain biodegradable or compostable products, including regulations in China, India and certain states in the U.S., have also fueled this interest in bio-based and biodegradable-compostable plastics. The term bio-plastics encompasses a broad category of plastics that are either bio-based, which means derived from renewable resources such as corn or cellulosic/plant material or blends thereof, or are engineered to be fully commercially compostable, or both. 

Resin Compounds . Natur-Tec resin compounds are produced by blending commonly available base resins, such as Ecoflex from BASF, Ingeo PLA from NatureWorks LLC, and Luminy from Total-Corbion with organic and inorganic fillers and proprietary polymer modifiers and compatibilizers using NTIC s proprietary and patented ReX Process. In this process, biodegradable polymers, natural polymers made from renewable, plant-biomass resources, and organic and inorganic materials are reactively blended in the presence of proprietary compatibilizers and polymer modifiers to produce bio-based and/or compostable polymer resin formulations that exhibit unique and stable morphology. Natur-Tec resin compounds are engineered for high performance, ease of processing, and reduced cost compared to most other bio-plastic materials and can be processed by converters using conventional plastic manufacturing processes and equipment. 

5

Natur-Tec resin compounds are sold in several grades tailored for a variety of applications, such as blown-film extrusion, profile extrusion, thermoforming, extrusion coating, and injection molding. 

Natur-Tec flexible film resin compounds are fully commercially compostable and meet the requirements of international standards for compostable plastics, such as ASTM (American Society for Testing and Materials) D6400 (U.S.), EN 13432 (European standards for products and services by European Committee for Standardization), and ISO (International Organization for Standardization) 17088, and are certified as 100 compostable by organizations including the BPI (Biodegradable Products Institute) in the United States and T V Austria in Europe. Natur-Tec film resin compounds can be used to produce film for applications, such as bags, including compost bags, lawn and leaf bags, carry-out bags, agricultural film, and consumer and industrial packaging. Natur-Tec film resin compounds are also used to produce bags and covers for branded apparel packaging and to manufacture specialty foodservice items, such as compostable drinking straws, thermoformed lids and disposable food-handling gloves. 

The Natur-Tec compostable extrusion coating resin compounds are bio-based and biodegradable and are designed to replace conventional plastic materials for extrusion coating applications. Natur-Tec extrusion coating resin compounds are manufactured using sustainable and renewable resources, per the ASTM D6866 standard, which allows companies and consumers the opportunity to reduce or neutralize their carbon footprint and are designed to meet the requirements of international standards for compostable plastics, such as ASTM D6400. Natur-Tec extrusion coating resin compounds provide good adhesion to paper, an excellent print surface, and good heat seal strength and the coating material is suitable for food contact applications, including both hot and cold applications. Natur-Tec extrusion coating resin compounds can be used for coating paper and paperboards for the manufacture of disposable cups, plates, and other foodservice items. 

The Natur-Tec compostable injection molding resin compounds are bio-based and compostable and are designed to replace conventional plastic materials for injection molded plastic applications. Natur-Tec compostable injection molding resin compounds are manufactured using sustainable and renewable resources, per the ASTM D6866 standard, and are designed to meet the requirements of international standards for compostable plastics, such as ASTM D6400 and EN 13432. Natur-Tec compostable injection molding resin compounds can be used for injection molded plastic applications, such as cutlery, pens, hangers, containers, and packaging. Natur-Tec bio-based injection molding resin compounds are made with at least 90 bio-based/renewable resource-based materials, per the ASTM D6866 standard, and are meant to enhance sustainability by replacing petroleum-based plastics. Natur-Tec bio-based injection molding resin compounds exhibit the same properties as conventional plastic materials and can be used in applications such as automotive components, consumer goods, electronics, medical products, furniture, and packaging. 

Finished Products . Natur-Tec finished products include totally biodegradable and compostable trash bags, agricultural film, and other single-use disposable products, such as food and consumer goods packaging currently marketed under the Natur-Bag brand. The Natur-Bag product line offers 15 different compostable trash bag sizes, from 3-gallon to 96-gallon, as well as shopper bags, produce bags and gloves. The bags are available in various SKU configurations, including retail packs that are sold to the consumer either through retail outlets or through online stores and industrial case packs that are sold to commercial and industrial customers primarily through national and regional wholesalers and distributors. The Natur-Bag products are manufactured from the Natur-Tec flexible film resin compounds and thus are fully biodegradable and compostable. These products are certified fully commercially compostable and carry the BPI Compostable logo in the United States and the T V Austria OK Compost logo in Europe. Furthermore, these products were also independently tested and approved for use in organic waste diversion systems by Cedar Grove, one of the largest compost operators in the United States. 

Sales, Marketing, and Distribution 

ZERUST Corrosion Prevention Solutions . In the United States, NTIC markets its ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products and services, including its products designed for the oil and gas industry, principally to industrial users in the automotive, electronics, electrical, mechanical, military, retail consumer, and oil and gas markets by a direct sales force and through a network of independent distributors, manufacturer s sales representatives, and strategic partners. Prior to placing an order, NTIC s technical service consultants work directly with the end users of NTIC s ZERUST products to analyze their specific corrosion prevention needs and develop systems to meet their performance requirements. 

Internationally, NTIC has entered into a series of joint ventures with foreign partners (either directly or through a holding company). NTIC receives fees for providing technical support, marketing assistance, and other services to its joint ventures based primarily on the net sales of the individual joint ventures in accordance with the terms of the joint venture arrangements. Such services include consulting, legal, insurance, technical, and marketing services. 

6

In China, NTIC sells its products and services through NTIC China. NTIC has wholly owned or majority-owned subsidiaries to conduct its business in Brazil, Mexico, Vietnam, and Singapore. In addition, NTIC sells its ZERUST products in India through this wholly owned subsidiary, HNTI Limited. 

With respect to the sales and marketing of ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products and services to the oil and gas industry, NTIC uses a combination of direct sales personnel, independent sales agents, and its joint venture network. In addition, in an attempt to penetrate the oil and gas industry within certain markets more quickly, NTIC has entered into various agreements with specific organizations that have existing long-term relationships with key oil and gas industry clients. NTIC also engages in certain direct marketing activities to build its brand within the oil and gas industry, such as traditional advertising and direct mail campaigns and presence and participation at selected key trade shows and technical forums. NTIC continues to believe the sale of its ZERUST corrosion prevention solutions to customers in the oil and gas industry will involve long sales cycles, likely including multi-year trial periods with each user and a slow integration process thereafter. 

Natur-Tec Resin Compounds and Finished Products . In the United States, NTIC markets its Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products through a network of national and regional distributors and independent manufacturer s sales representatives and two NTIC direct sales employees as of August 31, 2024. Target customers for Natur-Tec finished products include individual consumers as well as commercial and institutional organizations, such as corporations and government agencies, and educational organizations, such as universities and school districts. NTIC is also targeting key national and regional retailers utilizing independent sales agents. Target customers for Natur-Tec resin compounds include plastics converters and foodservice ware brands that would purchase Natur-Tec resin compounds to manufacture and sell their own finished bio-based and compostable end products, such as film, bags, and cutlery. In June 2022, the State of California passed a law intended to reduce single-use plastics. Notably, the bill provides that, by 2032, all packaging must be recyclable or compostable. Additionally, as of November 19, 2024, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Hawaii, Maine, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Rhode Island Vermont and Washington had each enacted some form of ban on plastic bags. Accordingly, NTIC expects the U.S. market for bio-plastic solutions to grow substantially during the next several years. 

Internationally, NTIC uses Natur-Tec India, Natur Tec Lanka, NTIC China and a network of international distributors to market its Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products. The government of India announced a phased ban on the manufacture and sale of single-use plastics beginning in July 2022. The first phase bans earbuds and plastic sticks used in balloons and ice cream. The second phase bans plastic cigarette packets and plastic bags less than 100 microns thick. Notably, compostable plastics are exempt from this ban. Accordingly, NTIC expects the market in India for bio-plastic packaging solutions to continue to grow substantially. 

NTIC s Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products are produced at facilities in India, China, Vietnam, and the United States. NTIC s Natur-Tec resin compounds can be shipped to manufacturing facilities around the world, where they then can be converted into finished products, such as film, coated paper or food serviceware. NTIC s Natur-Tec finished products are manufactured using NTIC s Natur-Tec resin compounds by select sub-contractors. 

Competition 

ZERUST Corrosion Prevention Solutions . While NTIC is unaware of any third parties with which NTIC competes on a worldwide basis with respect to its corrosion prevention solutions, NTIC does compete with several third parties on a regional basis. NTIC evaluates competing rust and corrosion inhibiting products on an ongoing basis. Some of NTIC s competitors are established companies that may have financial resources, marketing capabilities, distribution networks and other resources substantially greater than those of NTIC. As a result, they may be able to adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements or to devote greater resources to the promotion and sale of their products than NTIC. With respect to its rust and corrosion inhibiting products, NTIC competes on the basis of product innovation, quality, reliability, product support, customer service, reputation, and price. Some of NTIC s competitors may have achieved significant market acceptance of their competing products and brand recognition. NTIC, however, believes it has an advantage over most of its competitors as a result of NTIC s technical innovation and its value-added services. NTIC attempts to provide its customers with the highest level of technical service and applications engineering in addition to ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products. Nonetheless, the commoditization of certain of NTIC s ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products has led, and may continue to lead, to lower prices and lower margins on such products. In addition, because certain barriers to entry are low, additional competitors may emerge, which likely would lead to the further commoditization of NTIC s rust and corrosion inhibiting products. 

7

With respect to the sales and marketing of ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products and services to the oil and gas industry, NTIC uses a combination of direct sales personnel, independent sales agents, and its joint venture network. In addition, in an attempt to penetrate the oil and gas industry within certain markets more quickly, NTIC has entered into various agreements with specific organizations that have existing long-term relationships with key oil and gas industry clients. NTIC also engages in certain direct marketing activities to build its brand within the oil and gas industry, such as traditional advertising and direct mail campaigns and presence and participation at selected key trade shows and technical forums. NTIC continues to believe the sale of its ZERUST corrosion prevention solutions to customers in the oil and gas industry will involve long sales cycles, likely including multi-year trial periods with each user and a slow integration process thereafter. 

Natur-Tec Resin Compounds and Finished Products. With respect to NTIC s Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products, NTIC competes with several established companies that have been producing and selling similar products for a significantly longer time period and have significantly more sales, more extensive and effective distribution networks, and better brand recognition than NTIC. Most of these companies also have substantially more financial and other resources than NTIC. NTIC competes on the basis of performance, brand awareness, distribution network, product availability, product offering, improved shelf life, place of manufacture, and price. Because of price competition, NTIC s margins on its Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products are lower than its margins on its ZERUST corrosion prevention solutions. NTIC also has encountered in the past and could continue to encounter additional supply constraints for the base polymer resins used to manufacture NTIC s Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products since there are a limited number of suppliers of such base polymer resins and limited capacity for their production. 

Research and Development 

NTIC s research and development activities are directed at improving existing products, developing new products, reducing costs, and improving quality assurance through improved testing of NTIC s products. NTIC s internal research and development activities are conducted at its facilities located in Circle Pines, Minnesota; Beachwood, Ohio; and Dresden, Germany under the direction of internationally known scientists and research institutes under exclusive contract with NTIC with respect to the subject of their respective research efforts. EXCOR has established a wholly-owned subsidiary, Excor Korrosionsforschung GmbH, to conduct research into new fields of corrosion inhibiting packaging and the applications engineering of such products in conjunction with NTIC s domestic research and development operations. With respect to NTIC s Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products, Ramani Narayan, Ph.D., a current director of NTIC and Distinguished Professor in the Department of Chemical Engineering Materials Science at Michigan State University, provides his expertise and technical support to NTIC. 

NTIC anticipates that it will spend between 4,800,000 and 5,000,000 in fiscal 2025 on research and development activities. 

Intellectual Property Rights 

NTIC s success depends and will continue to depend in part upon its ability to maintain patent and trademark protection for its products and processes, to preserve its proprietary information and trade secrets, and to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. NTIC s policy is to attempt to protect its technology by, among other things, filing patent applications and trademark applications and vigorously preserving the trade secrets covering its technology and other intellectual property rights. 

In 1980, NTIC developed and patented the first polyolefin (plastic) based industrial corrosion inhibiting packing material in the world. The U.S. patent granted under this patent application became the most important intellectual property right in NTIC s history. This patent expired in 2000. NTIC has since filed for 12 letters of patent in the United States covering various corrosion inhibiting technologies, systems, and applications and now owns several patents in these areas. These patents and patent applications have been extended to the countries of strategic relevance to NTIC, including Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Europe, Japan, India, Korea, Mexico, Russia, and Taiwan. In addition, EXCOR owns several patents in the area covering various corrosion inhibiting technologies and has also applied for new patents on proprietary new corrosion inhibiting technologies. NTIC is also seeking additional patent protection covering various host materials into which its corrosion inhibiting additives and other protective features can be incorporated, proprietary new process technologies, and chemical formulations outside the area of corrosion protection. NTIC owns several patents outside the area of corrosion protection both in the United States and in countries of strategic relevance to NTIC, including the above-noted countries. NTIC holds 5 patents and patent applications in the Unites States covering various applications for biobased and compostable plastics. These patent and patent applications have been extended to countries of strategic relevance to NTIC, including Canada, Europe, UK, India, and China. 

8

In addition to seeking patent protection, NTIC maintains an extensive portfolio of trademarks in countries where NTIC has a presence directly or through its subsidiaries and joint ventures. NTIC continuously pursues new trademark applications of strategic interest worldwide. NTIC owns the following U.S. registered trademarks: NTI , NTI Globe Design , ZERUST , EXCOR , ICT , Z-CIS , COR TAB , PLASTABS , NATUR-TEC , NATUR-TEC Design , NATUR-BAG and NATUR-WARE , ZERION , AUTOFOG , FLANGE SAVER , and ACTIVPAK . NTIC also has a registered trademark on the use of the Color Yellow with respect to corrosion inhibiting packaging. Furthermore, NTI , ZERUST , EXCOR , the Color Yellow , and NTI ASEAN , as well as other marks, have been registered in the European Union, and several new applications are pending. 

NTIC requires its employees, consultants, and advisors with access to its confidential information, including trade secrets, to execute confidentiality agreements upon commencement of their employment or consulting relationships with NTIC. These agreements generally provide that all confidential information NTIC develops or makes known to the individual during the course of the individual s employment or consulting relationship with NTIC must be kept confidential by the individual and not disclosed to any third parties. NTIC also requires all of its employees and consultants who perform research and development for NTIC to execute agreements that generally provide that all inventions developed by these individuals during their employment or service arrangement with NTIC will fall under NTIC s proprietary intellectual property rights. 

Manufacturing 

NTIC s ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products are manufactured according to NTIC s specifications primarily by selected independent sub-contractors under trade secrecy agreements and/or license agreements. In addition, NTIC manufactures select ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products, consisting primarily of liquids and powders, at its corporate headquarters location in Circle Pines, Minnesota. 

NTIC s Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products are produced at facilities in India, China, Vietnam, and the United States. NTIC s Natur-Tec resin compounds can be shipped to manufacturing facilities around the world, where they then can be converted into finished products, such as film or cutlery. NTIC s Natur-Tec finished products are manufactured using NTIC s Natur-Tec resin compounds by select sub-contractors. 

NTIC is ISO 9001 certified with respect to the manufacturing of its products. NTIC believes that the process of ISO 9001 certification serves as an excellent total quality management tool, enabling NTIC to ensure consistency in the performance of its products. In addition, because potential customers may prefer or require manufacturers to have achieved ISO certification, such ISO certifications may provide NTIC with certain competitive advantages. 

Availability of Raw Materials 

NTIC does not typically carry excess quantities of raw materials because of historically widespread availability for such materials from various suppliers. However, with respect to its Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products, there are a limited number of domestic and international suppliers of the base resins used to manufacture the resin compounds and finished products, which occasionally contributes to supply issues. During fiscal 2024, for example, NTIC experienced some delays in obtaining these base resins due primarily to international shipping issues. While NTIC experienced longer lead times for raw materials during fiscal 2024 as a result of supply chain disruptions, raw material costs declined somewhat in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. 

In addition, a few raw materials and purchased parts used in NTIC s rust and corrosion inhibiting products and Natur-Tec finished products are sourced from suppliers who currently serve as NTIC s sole source of supply for these materials and parts. Although NTIC believes it can obtain these raw materials and parts from other suppliers, an unexpected loss of supply over a short period of time, including as a result of future worldwide disruptions in supply, may not allow NTIC time to replace these sources in the ordinary course of business. 

9

Backlog 

NTIC had an estimated order backlog of 5,837,430 as of August 31, 2024, compared to 5,337,717 as of August 31, 2023, which was generally across all business units. Sales relating to this backlog are expected to be realized during first quarter of fiscal 2025. These are orders that are held by NTIC pending release instructions from the customers to be used for just-in-time production. Customers generally place orders on an as needed basis and expect delivery within a relatively short period of time. 

Governmental Regulation 

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has indicated to NTIC that it has no objection to the use of ZERUST ICT packaging products in protecting metal food containers and processing equipment. In addition, the manufacture, sale and use of NTIC s Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products are subject to regulation in the United States by the FDA. The FDA s regulations are concerned with substances used in food packaging materials. Thus, food and beverage containers are in compliance with FDA regulations if the components used in the food and beverage containers are approved by the FDA as indirect food additives for their intended uses and comply with the applicable FDA indirect food additive regulations or are generally recognized as safe for their intended uses and are of suitable purity for those intended uses. NTIC believes that its resin compounds are in compliance with all FDA requirements and that NTIC does not require further FDA approval prior to the sale of its products. 

Human Capital Management 

Headcount and Employee Demographics 

As of August 31, 2024, NTIC had a total of 95 employees, with 93 full-time employees and 2 part-time employees, located in North America, consisting of 27 in sales and marketing, 28 in research and development and lab, 21 in administration, and 19 in production. As of August 31, 2024, NTIC s wholly-owned subsidiary in India, HNTI Limited, had 58 full-time employees, NTIC s wholly owned subsidiary in China had 35 full-time employees, its majority-owned subsidiary in Brazil had 20 full-time employees, its majority-owned subsidiary in India, Natur Tec India, had 40 full-time employees, its majority-owned subsidiary in Singapore, Zerust Singapore, had 1 full-time employee, its majority-owned subsidiary in Taiwan, Zerust Taiwan, had 9 full-time employees, its majority-owned subsidiary in Vietnam, Zerust Vietnam, had 6 full-time employees its wholly owned subsidiary in Mexico had no full-time employees, and its holding company, NTI Asean, had no full-time employees. 

As of August 31, 2024, of our North American workforce, 41 are female, 32 are racially or ethnically diverse and 6 are veterans. Of our global management team, 40 are female and 23 are racially or ethnically diverse. Of our eight Board members, nearly 40 are female and nearly 40 are racially or ethnically diverse. 

Turnover 

NTIC continually monitors employee turnover rates as its success depends upon retaining highly trained engineering, manufacturing and operations personnel. The average tenure of our employees is nine years. 

Management Team 

NTIC believes its management team has the experience necessary to effectively execute its strategy and advance its product and technology leadership. The average tenure of the members of NTIC s management team is 17 years. 

Employee Unions, Collective Bargaining Agreements and Work Councils 

There are no unions representing NTIC s employees, and NTIC believes that its relations with its employees are good. 

Health, Safety and Environment 

Health, safety and environment (HSE) are the cornerstones of NTIC. NTIC is in the business of converting unique, environmentally beneficial materials science into value added products and services for industrial and consumer applications. NTIC believes that it is responsible to its worldwide customers, its people, its communities and its stockholders, and NTIC takes these responsibilities seriously. NTIC is dedicated to investing in the future of the planet and NTIC s people and intends to continue to invest in HSE protection and improvements in a timely manner consistent with available technology. 

10

NTIC is guided by its Policy Statement on HSE, which sets forth NTIC s HSE objectives, including ensuring that all activities across the value chain are conducted in a manner which is consistent with NTIC s quality management standard and HSE programs, ensuring that business activities are conducted to prevent harm and protect health and safety, and developing, manufacturing, distributing and marketing products and services with full regard for HSE aspects. To accomplish these objectives, NTIC intends to, among other things, establish targets within its quality management standard and HSE programs to measure progress and ensure continuous improvement, provide safe and healthy workplaces for its employees, contractors and other service providers, and provide continued training to enable employees to meet their responsibility to contribute to compliance with NTIC s HSE objectives. 

NTIC monitors conditions that could lead to safety incidents and keeps track of injuries through reporting systems in accordance with the laws in the jurisdictions in which NTIC operates. NTIC tracks this data to assess the quality of its safety performance. NTIC defines lost time incidents as work-related incidents where a worker sustains an injury that results in time away from work. NTIC had only one lost time incident in each 2024 and 2023. 

Diversity and Inclusion 

Diversity and inclusion are embedded in NTIC s values and integrated into its strategies. NTIC s Human Rights Policy was designed to align with the United Nations Global Compact and core elements of the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights. NTIC is committed to providing an environment free of discrimination and harassment, where all individuals are treated with respect and dignity, can contribute fully, and have equal opportunities. NTIC has worked to build a diverse and inclusive workforce and is committed to equal opportunity. NTIC invests in building diverse talent pools and provides training to improve skills where appropriate. NTIC upholds and supports the right to equal treatment without discrimination or harassment. 

Education 

NTIC offers an educational assistance benefit program to eligible employees. NTIC may reimburse all or part of the registration and tuition costs for full-time employees who continue their education in a work-related field. In addition to educational assistance for formal education, NTIC may arrange training programs that enable employees to progress in their technical, commercial, or financial knowledge of NTIC s business. 

Compensation and Benefits 

NTIC s compensation program is designed to attract and retain talented employees in the industry by offering competitive compensation and benefits. NTIC has established fair and competitive pay levels that are based on local markets and job descriptions and are not based on gender, age, ethnicity, nationality or other personal characteristics or beliefs. NTIC provides compensation and benefits that are competitive and comply with applicable laws, and NTIC commits to a fair and living wage. 

NTIC s employees have immediate eligibility to participate in NTIC s 401(k) employee savings plan. Employees are immediately vested upon contributing to the 401(k) employee savings plan. NTIC matches 401(k) contributions made by employes and may also make profit-sharing contributions. NTIC believes these profit-sharing contributions are a meaningful way of sharing NTIC s success with its employees. 

To further the goal of sharing NTIC s success with its employees and incentivizing strong employee performance, NTIC may award cash bonuses to its employees. Additionally, NTIC has an employee stock purchase plan, which allows employees to purchase NTIC stock at a 10 discount to fair market value. NTIC believes that this gives employees an interest in providing for the continued success of the business, encourages regular and scheduled investing, and is a means of supplementing individual savings programs. 

As part of its compensation package, NTIC provides employees with access to a medical plan with an employee-funded health savings account option. The medical plan has no co-pay, and employees are not required to contribute toward premium costs. Dental, vision, life, and long and short-term disability insurance plans are also available to NTIC s employees. 

11

NTIC prides itself on offering employment arrangements that include competitive time off policies and flexibility. NTIC s full-time employees are eligible for paid holidays and vacation time based on the length of their service, ranging from 15 to 25 days. NTIC s part-time employees receive compensation for paid holidays as well. NTIC offers employees the opportunity to work remotely, requiring Tuesday in-person attendance for office staff employees and permitting remote work in the discretion of individual employees the remaining days of the week. 

Values and Ethics 

In connection with NTIC s core values, NTIC acts in accordance with its Code of Ethics. NTIC s Code of Ethics requires its employees, officers and directors to be honest, trustworthy, conscientious and dedicated to the highest standards of ethical business practices. Each employee, officer and director must know and abide by applicable laws. 

Additional Information 

Additional information about our human capital and people, including our HSE Policy, Human Rights Policy, Code of Ethics, is included on the Commitment to Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) page of the Investor Relations portion of our corporate website. Information contained or referenced on our website is not incorporated by reference and does not form a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Available Information 

NTIC is a Delaware corporation that was originally organized as a Minnesota corporation in 1970. NTIC s principal executive office is located at 4201 Woodland Road, Circle Pines, Minnesota 55014, and its telephone number is (763) 225-6600. NTIC s website is located at www.ntic.com. References to NTIC s website addressed in this report are provided as a convenience and as an inactive textual reference only. The information on NTIC s website or any other website is not incorporated by reference into, and is not considered a part of, this report. 

NTIC makes available, free of charge and through its Internet web site, its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to any such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after NTIC electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Reports filed with the SEC may be viewed at www.sec.gov. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This report on Form 10-K contains not only historical information, but also forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. In addition, NTIC or others on NTIC s behalf may make forward-looking statements from time to time in oral presentations, including telephone conferences and/or web casts open to the public, in press releases or reports, on NTIC s Internet web site, or otherwise. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report or expressed by NTIC orally from time to time that address activities, events, or developments that NTIC expects, believes, or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements, including, in particular, the statements about NTIC s plans, objectives, strategies, and prospects regarding, among other things, NTIC s financial condition, results of operations and business, operating results and financial condition, and the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings. NTIC has identified some of these forward-looking statements in this report with words like believe, can, may, could, would, might, forecast, possible, potential, project, will, should, expect, intend, plan, predict, anticipate, estimate, approximate, outlook, or continue or the negative of these words or other words and terms of similar meaning. The use of future dates is also an indication of a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements may be contained in the notes to NTIC s consolidated financial statements and elsewhere in this report, including under Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations about future events affecting NTIC and are subject to uncertainties and factors that affect all businesses operating in a global market as well as matters specific to NTIC. These uncertainties and factors are difficult to predict, and many of them are beyond NTIC s control. Some of the uncertainties and factors known to us that could cause NTIC s actual results to differ materially from what NTIC has anticipated in its forward-looking statements are described under Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors . All forward-looking statements included in this report are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. NTIC wishes to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement that speaks only as of the date made and to recognize that forward-looking statements are predictions of future results, which may not occur as anticipated. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements and from historical results due to the uncertainties and factors described above and others that NTIC may consider immaterial or does not anticipate at this time. Although NTIC believes that the expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable, NTIC does not know whether its expectations will prove correct. NTIC s expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions NTIC might make or by known or unknown uncertainties and factors, including those described above. The risks and uncertainties described above are not exclusive, and further information concerning NTIC and its business, including factors that potentially could materially affect its financial results or condition, may emerge from time to time. NTIC assumes no obligation to update, amend, or clarify forward-looking statements to reflect actual results or changes in factors or assumptions affecting such forward-looking statements. NTIC advises you, however, to consult any further disclosures NTIC makes on related subjects in its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K that NTIC files with or furnishes to the SEC. 

12

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

The two individuals named below have been designated by NTIC s Board of Directors as executive officers of NTIC. Their ages and the offices held, as of November 8, 2024, are as follows: 

Name 

Age 

Position with NTIC 

G. Patrick Lynch 

57 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Matthew C. Wolsfeld 

50 

Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 

G. Patrick Lynch, an employee of NTIC since 1995, has been President since July 2005 and Chief Executive Officer since January 2006 and has served as a director of NTIC since February 2004. Mr. Lynch served as President of North American Operations of NTIC from May 2004 to July 2005. Prior to May 2004, Mr. Lynch held various positions with NTIC, including Vice President of Strategic Planning, Corporate Secretary and Project Manager. Mr. Lynch is also an officer and director of Inter Alia Holding Company, which is a significant stockholder of NTIC. Prior to joining NTIC, Mr. Lynch held positions in sales management for Fuji Electric Co., Ltd. in Tokyo, Japan, and programming project management for BMW AG in Munich, Germany. Mr. Lynch received a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Michigan Ross School of Business. 

Matthew C. Wolsfeld, an employee of NTIC since February 2001, has been NTIC s Chief Financial Officer since November 2001 and Corporate Secretary since November 2004. Mr. Wolsfeld was Controller of NTIC from May 2001 through November 2001. Prior to joining NTIC, Mr. Wolsfeld held an auditing position with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in Minneapolis, Minnesota from 1997 to 2001. Mr. Wolsfeld received a B.A. degree in Accounting from the University of Notre Dame and received his M.B.A. degree at the University of Minnesota, Carlson School of Business. Mr. Wolsfeld is a Certified Public Accountant. 

Other corporate officers of NTIC, their ages, and offices held, as of November 8, 2024, are as follows: 

Name 

Age 

Position with NTIC 

Vineet R. Dalal 

55 

Vice President and Director Global Market Development Natur-Tec 

Gautam Ramdas 

51 

Vice President and Director Global Market Development Oil Gas 

Brian Haglund 

40 

Vice President of Operations North America 

Vineet R. Dalal, an employee of NTIC since 2004, has served as Vice President and Director Global Market Development Natur-Tec since November 2005. Prior to joining NTIC, Mr. Dalal was a Principal in the Worldwide Product Development Practice of PRTM, a management consultancy to technology-based companies (now part of PricewaterhouseCoopers Management Consulting). In this position, Mr. Dalal consulted for several Fortune 500 companies, in the areas of product strategy, Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) and technology management. Prior to that, Mr. Dalal held positions in program management and design engineering at National Semiconductor Corporation in Santa Clara, California. Mr. Dalal received an M.B.A. degree from the University of Michigan Ross School of Business in Ann Arbor, Michigan. He also holds an M.S. degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering from Oregon State University, and a B.Eng. degree in Electronics Engineering from Karnatak University, India. 

13

Gautam Ramdas, an employee of NTIC since 2005, has served as Vice President and Director Global Market Development Oil Gas since 2005. Prior to joining NTIC, Mr. Ramdas was a Manager in the Strategic Change group of IBM Business Consulting Services. In this position, Mr. Ramdas led consulting engagements at several Fortune 500 companies, in the areas of service strategy, global supplier relationship management and supply chain streamlining. Mr. Ramdas held positions in the E-Commerce and Supply Chain strategy groups at PricewaterhouseCoopers Management Consulting, again providing consulting services for Fortune 500 clients. Prior to management consulting, Mr. Ramdas worked as a program manager and design engineer with Kinhill Engineers in Australia. He has also been involved in the start-up stage of successful small businesses in the United States and in India. Mr. Ramdas received an M.B.A. from the University of Michigan Ross School of Business in Ann Arbor, Michigan. He also holds a bachelor s degree in Mechanical Engineering from the College of Engineering, Guindy (Chennai), India. 

Brian Haglund, an employee of NTIC since 2018, is currently serving as Vice President of Operations North America. Prior to joining NTIC, Mr. Haglund held various leadership roles within Textron, a Fortune 500 industrial conglomerate. During his tenure with Textron, Mr. Haglund led various global operations and manufacturing facilities across the US, in China, and in Germany focusing on aerospace and industrial manufacturing. Mr. Haglund received an M.B.A. degree with a concentration in Finance from The Miller College of Business through Ball State University. He also holds a B.A. degree in Supply Chain Management from Eli Broad College of Business through Michigan State University. 

14

Item 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

The following are the most material factors known to NTIC that could materially adversely affect its business, operating results, or financial condition. 

Risk Factors Summary 

This summary is not complete and should be read in conjunction with the risk factors set forth below. 

Risks Related to NTIC s Business and Industry 

Any weakness in the global economy, and in particular in the United States, Europe, India and China, and in the automotive industry, has negatively impacted and in the future may negatively impact NTIC s business, operating results, and financial condition. 

NTIC s business in the past has been and, in the future, may be negatively impacted by inflation. 

Supply chain disruptions in the past have interrupted and, in the future, could interrupt product manufacturing, increase product costs and result in lost sales, which have had and in the future may have a material adverse effect on NTIC s business, operating results and financial condition. 

Disruptions to the distribution channels for NTIC s products in the past have negatively impacted and in the future may negatively impact NTIC s business, operating results, and financial condition. 

NTIC s dependence on key suppliers puts NTIC at risk of interruptions in the availability of its products, which could reduce its net sales and adversely affect its operating results and harm its reputation. 

Increases in prices for raw materials and components used in NTIC s products in the past have adversely affected and in the future could adversely affect NTIC s operating results. 

NTIC relies on others for its production and any interruptions of these arrangements could disrupt NTIC s ability to fill its customers orders. 

Changes to trade regulation, quotas, duties, or tariffs, caused by the changing U.S. and geopolitical environments or otherwise, have negatively impacted in the past and in the future may negatively impact NTIC s business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Global credit and financial markets in the past have experienced disruptions, including diminished liquidity and credit availability and rapid fluctuations in market valuations, which, if they happen again, could negatively impact NTIC s business, operating results, and financial condition. 

NTIC has limited staffing, faces challenges caused by its aging workforce and given its limited resources, it may not effectively manage its growth. 

The evolution of the automotive industry towards electric vehicles could adversely affect NTIC s business. 

Risks Related to NTIC s Joint Ventures 

NTIC s liquidity and financial position rely on the receipt of fees for services provided to its joint ventures and dividend distributions from its joint ventures. No assurance can be provided that NTIC will continue to receive such fees and dividend distributions in amounts NTIC historically has received or anticipates receiving. 

Since a significant portion of NTIC s earnings results from its equity income from joint ventures, which varies quarter to quarter, NTIC s earnings are subject to quarterly fluctuations. 

Risks Related to NTIC s International Operations and the Foreign Markets in which NTIC Operates 

NTIC s international business, which is conducted primarily through its subsidiaries and joint ventures, requires management attention and financial resources and exposes NTIC to difficulties and risks presented by international economic, political, legal, accounting, and business factors. 

If sales of NTIC s products and services by its joint venture in Germany were to decline significantly or if NTIC s relationships with this joint venture were to deteriorate significantly, NTIC s operating results likely would be adversely affected. 

NTIC s acquisition of the remaining 50 ownership interest of HNTI Limited and any future similar acquisitions involve risk. 

The ongoing wars between Russia and Ukraine and Israel and Hamas may adversely affect NTIC s business and results of operations. 

The operations of NTIC China may be adversely affected by China s evolving economic, political, and social conditions, as well as increasing tensions between the United States and China. 

Intellectual property rights are difficult to enforce in China, which could harm NTIC s business, results of operations, or financial condition. 

Uncertainties with respect to the Chinese legal system may adversely affect the operations of NTIC China. 

Failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could subject NTIC to penalties and legal expenses. 

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could result in declines in NTIC s earnings and changes in NTIC s foreign currency translation adjustments. 

Economic uncertainty in developing markets could adversely affect NTIC s revenue and earnings. 

15

Risks Related to NTIC s Products 

NTIC faces intense competition in almost all of its product lines, including from competitors that have substantially greater resources than NTIC does. No assurance can be provided that NTIC will be able to compete effectively, which would harm its business and operating results. 

NTIC s ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products and services generate a significant portion of NTIC s net sales and the net sales of NTIC s joint ventures. Accordingly, if sales of these products and services were to decline, NTIC s operating results would be adversely affected. 

If NTIC is unable to continue to enhance its existing products and develop and market new products that respond to customer needs and achieve market acceptance, NTIC may experience a decrease in demand for its products, and its business could suffer. 

No assurance can be provided that NTIC s investments in additional research and development and marketing efforts and resources into the application of its corrosion prevention solutions into the oil and gas industry and the continued launch of its Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products will be successful. 

NTIC s strategy of expanding its corrosion prevention solutions into the oil and gas industry and continuing the expansion of its Natur-Tec bioplastics resin compounds and finished products is risky and may not prove to be successful, which could harm NTIC s operating results and financial condition. 

NTIC s dependence on manufacturing and logistical services provided by contractors could give rise to product defect or warranty liability. 

The commercial success of NTIC s Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products depends on the widespread market acceptance of products manufactured with bio-based and biodegradable resins. 

NTIC relies on its joint ventures, distributors, manufacturer s sales representatives, and other agents to market and sell its products. 

NTIC may be subject to product liability claims or other claims arising out of the activities of its joint ventures, which could adversely affect NTIC and its business, and the sale of ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products into the oil and gas industry is risky in light of the hazards typically associated with such operations and the significant amount of potential liability involved. 

The sale of ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products into the oil and gas industry is somewhat seasonal and dependent upon oil prices. 

The expansion of NTIC s corrosion prevention solutions into the oil and gas industry and the continued launch of NTIC s Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products may require additional capital in the future, which may not be available or may be available only on unfavorable terms. 

Risks Related to Governmental Regulation, Laws, and Compliance 

NTIC s business, properties, and products are subject to governmental regulation and taxes, compliance with which may require NTIC to incur expenses or modify its products or operations, and which may expose NTIC to penalties for non-compliance. Governmental regulation also may adversely affect the demand for some of NTIC s products and its operating results. 

Fluctuations in NTIC s effective tax rate could have a significant impact on NTIC s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Certain of NTIC s operations are subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. 

NTIC s reliance upon patents, trademark laws, trade secrets, and contractual provisions to protect its proprietary rights may not be sufficient to protect its intellectual property. 

Any changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles might adversely affect NTIC s operating results. 

Risks Related to NTIC s Common Stock 

The trading volume of NTIC s common stock is typically very low, leaving NTIC s common stock open to risk of high volatility and the price and trading volume has been, and may continue to be, volatile. 

A large percentage of NTIC s outstanding common stock is held by insiders, and, as a result, the trading market for NTIC s common stock is not as liquid as the stock of other public companies. 

16

Risks Related to NTIC s Business and Industry 

Any weakness in the global economy, and in particular in the United States, Europe, India and China, and in the automotive industry, has negatively impacted and in the future may negatively impact NTIC s business, operating results, and financial condition. 

From time to time, the U.S. and world economies suffer from uncertainty, volatility, disruption, and other adverse conditions, which has adversely impacted and in the future may adversely impact the business community and the financial markets. Adverse economic and financial market conditions have negatively affected and in the future may negatively affect NTIC s customers and its markets, thereby negatively impacting NTIC s business and operating results. For example, weak market conditions could extend the length of NTIC s sales cycle and cause potential customers to delay, defer, or decline to make purchases of NTIC s products and services due to uncertainties surrounding the future performance of their businesses, limitations on their capital expenditures due to internal budget constraints, the inability to obtain financing in the capital markets, and the adverse effects of the economy on their business and financial condition. As a result, if economic and financial market conditions weaken or deteriorate, then NTIC s business, financial condition, and operating results, including its ability to grow and expand its business and operations, could be materially and adversely affected. 

NTIC s operating results are especially dependent upon the economic health of the economies in the United States, Europe, India and China. Since a significant portion of NTIC s ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products and services are sold to customers in the automotive industry, adverse economic conditions affecting the automotive industry or other events that may adversely affect the automotive industry may result in an adverse effect on NTIC s net sales and its other operating results. In fiscal 2024, several events softened demand within the automotive industry which indirectly adversely impacted NTIC, including the United Auto Workers strike, automotive plant closures, a slowdown in the production of electric vehicles, the high price of vehicles, high interest rates and an overall sluggish automotive market. Any weakness in the global economy, particularly the United States, Europe, India and China, and in the automotive industry have negatively impacted and may continue to negatively impact NTIC s business, operating results, and financial condition. 

NTIC s business in the past has been and, in the future, may be negatively impacted by inflation. 

Increases in inflation may have a negative impact on NTIC s business. While the persistent inflation experienced in fiscal 2022 stabilized in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024, relatively high levels of inflation continued to impact the overall demand for NTIC s products, labor, and the margins NTIC and its joint ventures are able to realize on the sale of products, all of which have had and could continue to have a negative impact on NTIC s business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Sustained levels of high inflation caused the U.S. Federal Reserve and other central banks to increase interest rates. Although the U.S. Federal Reserve lowered interest rates by 0.50 percentage points in September 2024, it is not known whether additional action will be taken to lower interest rates and if this decrease, and any other decreases, will have an impact on inflation. High rates of interest or similar increases to interest rates in the future could increase the cost of capital available to NTIC and depress economic growth and could also negatively impact our business. 

Supply chain disruptions in the past have interrupted and, in the future, could interrupt product manufacturing, increase product costs and result in lost sales, which may have a material adverse effect on NTIC s business, operating results and financial condition. 

Supply chain disruptions in fiscal 2024 related primarily to international shipping issues, as described below, which at times resulted in longer lead times, temporary raw material outages and higher shipping expenses. While NTIC took steps to minimize the impact of these increased costs by working closely with its suppliers and customers, these issues may persist in fiscal 2025, and there can be no assurances that unforeseen events impacting the supply chain will not have a material adverse effect on NTIC in the future. Additionally, the impacts supply chain disruptions have on NTIC s third-party manufacturers are not within NTIC s control. Prolonged supply chain disruptions impacting NTIC and its third-party manufacturers could interrupt product manufacturing, increase product costs and result in lost sales, which may have a material adverse effect on NTIC s business, operating results and financial condition. 

17

Disruptions to the distribution channels for NTIC s products in the past have negatively impacted and in the future may negatively impact NTIC s business, operating results, and financial condition. 

During fiscal 2024, a confluence of factors caused disruptions to international shipping, increasing costs and delaying shipments. Attacks on ships entering the Red Sea en route to the Suez Canal, an important waterway for vessels moving between Asia and the United States, by Houthi rebels in Yemen has forced ships to take longer routes. In addition, the sustained drought in Panama reduced capacity in the Panama Canal, further impacting the global supply chain. In March 2024, a cargo ship crashed into the Francis Scott Key Bridge in the Port of Baltimore, the largest U.S. port by volume for deliveries of automotive vehicles and components, which lead to the suspension of activity in the Port of Baltimore, causing shipping vessels to be rerouted, causing congestion and delays in other ports. While the Port of Baltimore opened to maritime traffic on June 10, 2024, the bridge is not expected to be rebuilt until late 2028 and further work to clear out wreckage and continue maintenance of the port may continue to cause delays in the Port of Baltimore and other East Coast ports where activities are rerouted. These factors decreased the availability of containers and increased shipping costs in fiscal 2024. Additionally, the change in global routes due to the Suez Canal, Panama Canal and Port of Baltimore disruptions has caused transit times to be extended by approximately two weeks, delaying certain NTIC shipments. Increased shipping costs and delays adversely affected NTIC s consolidated results of operations during fiscal 2024, and we anticipate that these factors will continue to impact us during fiscal 2025. Similar delays and elevated costs in the future could have a material adverse effect on NTIC s consolidated results of operations. Furthermore, transportation delays, increased shipping containers rates, closures or disruptions of businesses and facilities or social, economic, political or labor instability in the affected areas may impact the operations of NTIC s suppliers, which could in turn adversely affect NTIC, and its revenues and operating costs. Any of these disruptions may negatively impact NTIC s business, operating results, and financial condition. 

NTIC s dependence on key suppliers puts NTIC at risk of interruptions in the availability of its products, which could reduce its net sales and adversely affect its operating results and harm its reputation. 

NTIC relies on suppliers for certain raw materials and components used in its products. For reasons of quality assurance, cost effectiveness, or availability, NTIC procures certain raw materials and components from sole or limited source suppliers. Among the limited source suppliers NTIC does business with are the manufacturers of plastic resins used in Natur-Tec products. NTIC generally acquires these and other raw materials and components through purchase orders placed in the ordinary course of business, and as a result, NTIC does not have a significant inventory of these materials and components and does not have any guaranteed or contractual supply arrangements with many of these suppliers for these materials and components. NTIC s dependence on third-party suppliers involves several risks, including limited control over pricing, availability, quality, and delivery schedules, as well as manufacturing yields and costs. Suppliers of such raw materials and components may decide, or be required, for reasons beyond NTIC s control, to cease supplying such raw materials and components to NTIC or to raise their prices. 

Shortages of raw materials, quality control problems, production capacity constraints, or delays by suppliers could negatively affect NTIC s ability to meet its production obligations and result in increased prices for affected parts, and NTIC may be forced to find new suppliers for certain raw materials. The rapid growth in demand for bioplastics products globally has increased the demand and the price for plastic resins, and limited suppliers of such plastic resins may experience shortages caused by demand outpacing their production capabilities, which could result in NTIC s inability to produce its Natur-Tec products promptly or in the volumes demanded. Any such shortages, constraints, or delays may result in delays in shipments of products or components, which could adversely affect NTIC s net sales and other operating results and its reputation. From time to time, materials and components used in NTIC s products are subject to allocation because of shortages of these materials and components. 

Increases in prices for raw materials and components used in NTIC s products in the past have adversely affected and in the future could adversely affect NTIC s operating results. 

NTIC uses certain raw materials and components in its products, including in particular plastic resins, which are subject to price increases. In light of freight issues in fiscal 2024, certain raw materials used in the manufacture of NTIC s Natur-Tec products were at times unavailable or were available only at higher costs, which adversely affected gross margins on NTIC s Natur-Tec products. If similar shortages of raw materials arise again in the future, the cost and/or production of NTIC s products could be adversely affected. Additionally, the war between Russia and Ukraine and the resulting sanctions by U.S. and European governments have resulted in and may continue to result in commodity price fluctuations, which have decreased our margins and the margins of our joint ventures and resulted in decreased joint venture profitability, which will likely continue during fiscal 2024. Finally, changes to international trade agreements could result in additional tariffs, duties, or other charges on raw materials or components we import into the U.S. 

18

NTIC relies on others for its production and any interruptions of these arrangements could disrupt NTIC s ability to fill its customers orders. 

NTIC utilizes contract manufacturers for a significant portion of its production requirements. The majority of NTIC s manufacturing is conducted in the United States by contract manufacturers that also perform services for numerous other companies. NTIC does not have a guaranteed level of production capacity with any of its contract manufacturers. Qualifying new contract manufacturers is time consuming and might result in unforeseen manufacturing and operations problems. The loss of NTIC s relationships with its contract manufacturers or their inability to conduct their manufacturing and assembly services for NTIC as anticipated in terms of capacity, cost, quality, and timeliness could adversely affect NTIC s ability to fill customer orders in accordance with required delivery, quality, and performance requirements, thus adversely affecting NTIC s net sales and other operating results. 

Changes to trade regulation, quotas, duties, or tariffs, caused by the changing U.S. and geopolitical environments or otherwise, have negatively impacted in the past and in the future may negatively impact NTIC s business, operating results, and financial condition. 

There is significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and other countries with respect to trade policies, taxes, government regulations, and tariffs. Within recent years, for example, trade policy changes included the imposition of additional tariffs on imported products in an effort to address trade imbalances, specifically with China, the withdrawal of the U.S. from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement, and sanctions on Russia. In response to some of these actions, certain countries imposed retaliatory actions against the U.S. NTIC and its subsidiaries and joint ventures engage in sales outside of the United States and is, therefore, negatively impacted by such actions. The incoming Trump administration has announced intentions to increase tariffs by 10 or more on imports, including a 60 increase on goods from China, which could lead to corresponding punitive actions by the countries with which the U.S. trades. Any changes or potential changes in trade policies in the United States and the potential corresponding actions by other countries in which NTIC does business could adversely and materially affect NTIC s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Global credit and financial markets in the past have experienced disruptions, including diminished liquidity and credit availability and rapid fluctuations in market valuations, which, if they happen again, could negatively impact NTIC s business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Any tightening of the credit and financial markets could negatively impact the ability of companies to borrow money from their existing lenders, obtain credit from other sources, or raise financing to fund their operations. This could negatively impact the ability of NTIC s customers and the customers of NTIC s joint ventures to purchase NTIC s products, suppliers ability to provide NTIC and its joint ventures with materials and components, and the ability of NTIC and its joint ventures, distributors, and sales representatives to finance operations, if needed, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Any or all of these events could negatively impact NTIC s business, operating results, and financial condition. Although NTIC maintains allowances for credit losses for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers, distributors, and joint ventures to make required payments, and such losses historically have been within NTIC s expectations and the provisions established, NTIC cannot guarantee that it will continue to experience the same loss rates that it has in the past, especially if there are weaknesses in the worldwide economy. A significant change in the liquidity or financial condition of NTIC s customers, distributors, or joint ventures could cause unfavorable trends in NTIC s receivable collections and additional allowances may be required, which could adversely affect NTIC s operating results. In addition, weaknesses in the worldwide economy, including the imposition of higher tariffs, the withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership and sanctions on Russia, may adversely impact the ability of suppliers to provide NTIC with materials and components, which could adversely affect NTIC s business and operating results. NTIC is unable to predict the prospects for a global economic recovery, but the longer the duration of such adverse and uncertain economic conditions, the greater the risks NTIC faces in operating its business. 

NTIC has limited staffing and will continue to be dependent upon key employees. 

NTIC s success is dependent upon the efforts of a small management team and group of employees. NTIC s future success will depend in large part on its ability to retain its key employees and identify, attract, and retain other highly qualified managerial, technical, research and development, sales and marketing, and customer service personnel when needed. Competition for these individuals may be intense, especially in the markets in which NTIC operates. NTIC may not succeed in identifying, attracting, and retaining these personnel. Inadequate performance by any of NTIC s limited staff could have a negative impact on the performance of the company. In addition, none of NTIC s employees have any contractual obligation to maintain his or her employment with NTIC. The loss or interruption of services of any of NTIC s key personnel, including in particular its technical personnel, the inability to identify, attract, or retain qualified personnel in the future, delays in hiring qualified personnel, or any employee slowdowns, strikes, or similar actions could make it difficult for NTIC to manage its business and meet key objectives, which could harm NTIC s business, operating results, and financial condition. 

19

Although we have not experienced any material labor shortage to date, we have observed an overall tightening and increasingly competitive labor market in recent years. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base could lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our manufacturing and distribution facilities and overall business. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high-level, or if mitigation measures we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability, such as overtime and third-party outsourcing, have unintended negative effects, our business could be adversely affected. An overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation could have a material adverse impact on NTIC s operations, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. 

NTIC faces challenges caused by its aging workforce, and NTIC may not be able to recruit, train and retain adequate replacements for its qualified and skilled employees. 

Many of our employees are approaching retirement age. As these experienced employees retire, we may have difficulty recruiting new employees with comparable qualifications and experience, and we may be unable to transfer our employees institutional knowledge successfully to new qualified employees. Any such failures would be exacerbated at times of peak demand. Our failure to recruit and train new employees and to ensure they obtain adequate qualifications and experience could result in reduced revenues, loss of customer goodwill and a material negative impact on our results of operations. 

Given NTIC s limited resources, it may not effectively manage its growth. 

NTIC s strategy to grow its business, including in particular its ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products for the oil and gas industry and its Natur-Tec bio-plastic resin compounds and finished products, requires significant management time and operational and financial resources. There is no assurance that NTIC has the necessary operational and financial resources to manage its growth. This is especially true as it expands facilities and manufactures its products on a larger commercial scale. In addition, rapid growth in NTIC s headcount and operations may place a significant strain on its management, administrative, operational, and financial infrastructure. Failure to adequately manage its growth could have a material and adverse effect on NTIC s business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, NTIC may not be successful in its strategy to grow its business. 

The evolution of the automotive industry towards electric vehicles could adversely affect NTIC s business. 

The global automotive industry is experiencing a period of significant technological change, including the development and use of electric vehicles, which do not contain as many metal components that require NTIC s ZERUST products and solutions. During fiscal 2024, the automobile sector represented approximately 40-45 of ZERUST industrial net sales in North America and 55-60 of net sales of NTIC s joint ventures. While there was a slowdown in electric vehicle production in fiscal 2024, NTIC continues to seek additional applications of its ZERUST products and solutions related to electric vehicles and batteries, which will likely continue to have an increasing presence in the automotive market. However, increased demand for electric vehicles, which do not contain as many components requiring these products and solutions, will still adversely affect NTIC s net sales and other operating results and business. 

20

Risks Related to NTIC s Joint Ventures 

NTIC s liquidity and financial position rely on the receipt of fees for services provided to its joint ventures and dividend distributions from its joint ventures. No assurance can be provided that NTIC will continue to receive such fees and dividend distributions in amounts NTIC historically has received or anticipates receiving. 

NTIC conducts business, either directly or indirectly, through several joint venture arrangements that operate in North America, Europe, and Asia. Each of these joint ventures manufactures, markets, and sells finished products in the geographic territory that it is assigned. NTIC s receipt of funds as a result of sales by its joint ventures is dependent upon NTIC s receipt of fees for services that NTIC provides to its joint ventures based primarily on the net sales of the individual joint ventures and NTIC s receipt of dividend distributions from its joint ventures based on the profitability of its joint ventures. NTIC s liquidity and financial position in part rely on NTIC s receipt of fees for services that NTIC provides to its joint ventures and dividend distributions from its joint ventures. During fiscal 2024, NTIC recognized 5,251,782 in fees and 2,997,164 in dividend distributions from its joint ventures. Because NTIC owns 50 or less of each of its joint venture entities, NTIC does not control the decisions of these entities regarding whether to pay dividends and, if paid, how much they should be in any given year. Thus, NTIC cannot guarantee that any of its joint ventures will pay dividends in any given year. The failure of NTIC s joint ventures to declare dividends or the failure of NTIC to receive fees for services provided to joint ventures in amounts typically expected by NTIC could adversely affect NTIC s liquidity and financial position. 

Since a significant portion of NTIC s earnings results from NTIC s equity income from joint ventures, and since NTIC s equity income from joint ventures varies from quarter to quarter, NTIC s earnings are subject to quarterly fluctuations. 

A significant portion of NTIC s earnings results from NTIC s equity income from its joint ventures. NTIC s equity in income from joint ventures consists of NTIC s share of equity in income from its joint ventures based on the overall profitability of the joint ventures. Such profitability varies from quarter to quarter. Since NTIC s management typically receives quarterly joint venture financial information after the completion of each fiscal quarter, it is impossible for NTIC s management to cut costs and expenses to make up for any unanticipated shortfall in NTIC s equity income from joint ventures. Accordingly, the variability in NTIC s equity income from joint ventures, in turn, subjects NTIC s earnings to quarterly fluctuations. 

Risks Related to NTIC s International Business and the Foreign Markets in which NTIC Operates 

NTIC s international business, which is conducted primarily through its subsidiaries and joint ventures, requires management attention and financial resources and exposes NTIC to difficulties and risks presented by international economic, political, legal, accounting, and business factors. 

NTIC sells products and services directly, through its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries, and indirectly, via a network of joint ventures, independent distributors, manufacturer s sales representatives, and agents in over 65 countries, including countries in North America, South America, Europe, Asia, and the Middle East. One of NTIC s strategic objectives is the continued expansion of its international operations. The expansion of NTIC s existing international operations and entry into additional international markets requires management attention and financial resources. For example, NTIC s expansion of oil and gas activities in the Middle East has faced challenges due to operating a new business unit, coordinating with a new sales team, the ability to find resources and local support, and limited experience in this new space, requiring additional management and financial support. Whether and to what extent such issues persist cannot be predicted. 

The sale and shipping of products and services across international borders subjects NTIC to extensive and complicated U.S. and foreign governmental trade regulations. Compliance with such regulations is costly and exposes NTIC to penalties for non-compliance. Other laws and regulations that can significantly impact NTIC include various anti-bribery laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, laws restricting business with suspected terrorists, and anti-boycott laws. Any failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations could impact NTIC in a variety of ways that include, but are not limited to, significant criminal, civil, and administrative penalties, including imprisonment of individuals, fines and penalties, denial of export privileges, seizure of shipments, and restrictions on certain business activities. Also, the failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations could result in the disruption of NTIC s shipping and sales activities. 

21

Several factors, including implications of withdrawal by the U.S. from, or revision to, international trade agreements, foreign policy changes between the U.S. and other countries, weakened international economic conditions, or the impact of sovereign debt defaults by certain European countries, could adversely affect our international net sales. Additionally, the expansion of our existing international operations and entry into additional international markets require significant management attention and financial resources. In many of the countries in which NTIC sells its products directly or indirectly through NTIC China, Zerust Brazil, Natur-Tec India, Natur-Tec Lanka, Zerust Mexico, Zerust Singapore, Zerust Taiwan, Zerust Vietnam, and NTI Asean, its joint ventures, distributors, representatives, and agents are, to some degree, subject to political, economic, and/or social instability. NTIC s international operations expose NTIC and its joint venture partners, distributors, representatives, and agents to risks inherent in operating in foreign jurisdictions. These risks include: 

difficulties in managing and staffing international operations and the required infrastructure costs, including legal, tax, accounting, and information technology; 

the imposition of additional U.S. and foreign governmental controls or regulations, new trade restrictions, and restrictions on the activities of foreign agents, representatives, and distributors, the imposition of costly and lengthy export licensing requirements and changes in duties and tariffs, license obligations, and other non-tariff barriers to trade; 

the imposition of U.S. and/or international sanctions against a country, company, person, or entity with whom NTIC does business that would restrict or prohibit continued business with the sanctioned country, company, person, or entity; 

pricing pressure that NTIC or its joint ventures, distributors, representatives, and agents may experience internationally; 

laws and business practices favoring local companies; 

adverse currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

longer payment cycles and difficulties enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign legal systems; 

national and international conflicts, including foreign policy changes or terrorist acts; 

difficulties in enforcing or defending intellectual property rights; 

multiple, changing, and often inconsistent enforcement of laws and regulations; and 

the potential payment of U.S. income taxes on certain earnings of joint ventures upon repatriation. 

Furthermore, in June 2016, the United Kingdom held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the European Union, commonly referred to as Brexit. The United Kingdom officially terminated its membership of the European Union on January 31, 2020 and remained in a transition phase until December 31, 2020. Although the United Kingdom and the European Union struck a bilateral trade and cooperation deal governing the future relationship between the United Kingdom and the European Union, which became effective on May 1, 2021, political and economic uncertainties remain, and it is possible that there will be increased regulatory complexities, which could affect NTIC s ability to sell its products in certain European Union countries and subject NTIC to heightened risks in that region. Any of these effects of Brexit, and other similar referenda that NTIC cannot anticipate, could adversely affect its business, operations, and financial results. 

Out of NTIC s joint ventures, NTIC s joint venture in Germany is the most significant in terms of assets and income to NTIC. If sales of NTIC s products and services by this joint venture were to significantly decline or if NTIC s relationships with this joint venture were to significantly deteriorate, NTIC s operating results likely would be adversely affected. 

NTIC considers its joint venture in Germany (EXCOR) to be individually significant to NTIC s consolidated assets and income and, therefore, provides certain additional information regarding EXCOR in the notes to NTIC s consolidated financial statements and in certain sections of this report. Of the total equity in income from joint ventures of 4,223,296 during fiscal 2024, NTIC had equity in income from joint ventures of 2,299,274 attributable to EXCOR. Of the total fee income for services provided to joint ventures of 5,251,782 during fiscal 2024, fees of 828,932 were attributable to EXCOR. Accordingly, if sales of NTIC s products and services by this joint venture were to significantly decline or if NTIC s relationships with this joint venture were to significantly deteriorate such that the joint venture terminated or was not motivated to sell NTIC s products and services, NTIC s operating results likely would be adversely affected. While this is also true with respect to the other joint venture entities of which additional information is provided in NTIC s consolidated financial statements and in certain other sections of this report, the significance is not as great as with EXCOR. EXCOR s profitability has decreased over the past few years as compared to prior years, which has adversely affected NTIC s financial results. 

22

NTIC s acquisition of the remaining 50 ownership interest of HNTI and any future similar acquisitions involve risk. 

Effective as of September 1, 2021, NTIC acquired the remaining 50 ownership interest in its Indian joint venture, HNTI. It is possible that as part of its succession planning efforts with respect to its joint venture partners, NTIC may complete similar acquisitions in the future. Similar future acquisitions will depend, in part, on the availability of similar opportunities or other suitable acquisition candidates at acceptable prices, terms, and conditions and the availability of capital and personnel resources to complete such acquisitions and run and integrate the acquired business effectively. These acquisitions involve risk and may harm NTIC s business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. For instance, the benefits of such acquisitions may take more time than expected to develop or integrate into NTIC s operations, and NTIC cannot guarantee that such acquisitions will, in fact, produce any long-term benefits. Acquisitions involve a number of risks, the occurrence of which could adversely affect NTIC s business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results, including: 

diversion of management s attention to manage and integrate the acquired business; 

disruption to existing operations and plans; 

inability to effectively manage the expanded operations; 

difficulties or delays in integrating and assimilating information and financial systems, internal controls, operations, manufacturing processes and products of an acquired business or in realizing projected efficiencies, growth prospects, cost savings, and other synergies; 

potential loss of key employees, customers or suppliers of the acquired businesses or adverse effects on existing business relationships with employees, customers or suppliers; 

write-off of significant amounts of goodwill, other intangible assets, and/or long-lived assets as a result of deterioration in the performance of an acquired business, adverse market conditions, changes in the competitive landscape, changes in laws or regulations that restrict activities of an acquired business, or as a result of a variety of other circumstances; 

violation of confidentiality, intellectual property, and non-compete obligations or agreements by employees of an acquired business or lack of or inadequate formal intellectual property protection mechanisms in place at an acquired business; 

adverse impact on overall profitability if NTIC s expanded operations do not achieve the growth prospects, net sales, net earnings, cost and/or revenue synergies, or other financial results projected in NTIC s valuation models, delays in the realization thereof or costs or charges incurred to achieve any revenue or cost synergies; 

reallocation of amounts of capital from other operating initiatives and/or an increase in leverage and debt service requirements to pay acquisition purchase prices, which could in turn restrict NTIC s ability to access additional capital when needed or limit its ability to pursue other important elements of its business strategy; 

inaccurate assessment of additional post-acquisition, undisclosed, contingent or other liabilities or problems, unanticipated costs associated with an acquisition; and 

impacts as a result of purchase accounting adjustments, incorrect estimates made in the accounting for acquisitions, incurrence of non-recurring charges, or other potential financial accounting or reporting impacts. 

In addition, effective internal controls are necessary for NTIC to provide reliable and accurate financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud. The integration of acquired businesses may result in NTIC s systems and controls becoming increasingly complex and more difficult to manage. NTIC devotes significant resources and time to comply with the internal control over financial reporting requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. However, it cannot be certain that these measures will ensure that NTIC designs, implements, and maintains adequate control over its financial processes and reporting in the future, particularly in the context of acquisitions of other businesses. Any difficulties in the assimilation of acquired businesses into NTIC s internal control framework could harm its operating results or cause NTIC to fail to meet its financial reporting obligations. Also, acquisitions require the consent of the lender under NTIC s loan agreement. NTIC cannot predict whether such approval would be forthcoming or the terms on which the lender would approve such acquisitions. These risks, among others, could be heightened if NTIC completes a large acquisition or multiple transactions within a relatively short period of time. 

23

The ongoing wars between Russia and Ukraine and Israel and Hamas may adversely affect NTIC s business and results of operations. 

Given the nature of NTIC s business and its global operations, political, economic, and other conditions in foreign countries and regions, including geopolitical risks, such as the ongoing wars between Russia and Ukraine and Israel and Hamas, may adversely affect NTIC s business and results of operations. 

In 2022, NTIC took actions to limit its operations in Russia and Ukraine, which were adversely affected by the war between Russia and Ukraine, though these losses did not have a material impact on NTIC s operating results. NTIC terminated its joint venture in Russia in May 2022, which also did not have an adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition given the immateriality of the joint venture. The broader consequences of this conflict, which may include additional international sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, and geopolitical shifts; increased tensions between the United States and countries in which NTIC operates; and the extent of the conflict s effect on NTIC s business and results of operations, as well as the global economy, cannot be predicted. 

To the extent the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine adversely affects NTIC s business, it may also have the effect of heightening many other risks disclosed herein, any of which could materially and adversely affect NTIC s business and results of operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to, adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, demand for NTIC s products and potential recessionary economic conditions; increased cyber security threats; adverse changes in trade policies, taxes, government regulations, and tariffs; NTIC s ability to implement and execute its business strategy, particularly with regard to its joint ventures; disruptions in global supply chains; its exposure to foreign currency fluctuations; and constraints, volatility, or disruption in the capital markets. 

The ongoing war between Israel and Hamas may adversely affect NTIC s business and results of operations. On October 7, 2023, Hamas, a U.S. designated terrorist organization, launched a series of coordinated attacks from the Gaza Strip onto Israel. On October 8, 2023, Israel formally declared war on Hamas, which is ongoing as of the date of this filing. Hostilities have occasionally escalated, impacting surrounding countries in the Middle East. Although the length, impact and outcome of this conflict between Israel and Hamas are highly unpredictable, it could lead to significant market and other disruptions, including disruptions to the oil and gas industry, significant volatility in commodity prices and supply of energy resources, instability in financial markets, supply chain interruptions, political and social instability and other material and adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions. It is not possible at this time to predict or determine the ultimate consequences of this conflict. 

To the extent the ongoing war between Israel and Hamas adversely affects NTIC s business, it may also have the effect of heightening many other risks disclosed herein, any of which could materially and adversely affect NTIC s business and results of operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to, adverse effects on the oil and gas industry, adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, demand for NTIC s products and potential recessionary economic conditions; increased cyber security threats; adverse changes in trade policies, taxes, government regulations, 

 and tariffs; NTIC s ability to implement and execute its business strategy, particularly with regard to its joint ventures; disruptions in global supply chains; its exposure to foreign currency fluctuations; and constraints, volatility, or 

 disruption in the capital markets. 

The operations of NTIC China may be adversely affected by China s evolving economic, political, and social conditions, as well as increasing tensions between the United States and China. 

The results of operations and future prospects of NTIC China may be adversely affected by, among other things, changes in China s political, economic, and social conditions, escalating tensions between China and Taiwan, changes in the relationship between China and its western trade partners, changes in policies of the Chinese government, changes in laws and regulations or in the interpretation of existing laws and regulations, changes in foreign exchange regulations, measures that may be introduced to control inflation, such as interest rate increases, changes in the rates or methods of taxation, and increasing tensions between the United States and China. In addition, changes in demand could result from increased competition with local Chinese manufacturers who have cost advantages or who may be preferred suppliers for Chinese end users. Also, Chinese commercial laws, regulations, and interpretations applicable to non-Chinese owned market participants, such as NTIC China, are continually changing, and such changes may require NTIC China to change how it conducts its business. These laws, regulations, and interpretations could impose restrictions on NTIC s and NTIC China s ownership or operations or NTIC s interests in China and could adversely affect NTIC s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

24

Local regulations in China related to the electric power shortage that began in 2021 may adversely affect NTIC China s operations or the operations of our suppliers with facilities in China. For example, these regulations could result in partial or complete factory shutdowns due to a lack of continuous supply of electrical power. Additionally, the price of electric power may be increased, and peak-demand periods during which prices are higher may be extended by local governments. Certain of our resin suppliers with facilities in China were adversely impacted by these regulations, which contributed to constrained supply. Although NTIC China s operations have not been significantly impacted by regulations related to electric power shortages to date, such regulations may in the future decrease or shut down production or increase product costs, which could adversely affect NTIC s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

These and other factors, including, but not limited to, rising labor costs in China and more favorable investment policies in Southeast Asian countries, have caused some companies to relocate from China to Southeast Asia. Remaining in China could result in these factors together adversely affecting NTIC s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Intellectual property rights are difficult to enforce in China, which could harm NTIC s business, results of operations, or financial condition. 

Chinese commercial law is relatively undeveloped compared to commercial law in many of NTIC s other major markets, and limited protection of intellectual property is available in China as a practical matter. Although NTIC takes precautions in the operation of NTIC China to protect NTIC s intellectual property, any local manufacturer of products that NTIC undertakes in China could subject NTIC to an increased risk that unauthorized parties will be able to copy or otherwise obtain or use NTIC s intellectual property, which could harm NTIC s business. NTIC may also have limited legal recourse in the event it encounters patent or trademark infringers, which could adversely affect NTIC s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Uncertainties with respect to the Chinese legal system may adversely affect the operations of NTIC China. 

NTIC China is subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investment in China. There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of laws, rules, and policies in China. The Chinese legal system is based on written statutes, and prior court decisions have limited precedential value. Because many laws and regulations are relatively new, and the Chinese legal system is still evolving, the interpretations of many laws, regulations, and rules are not always uniform. Moreover, the relative inexperience of China s judiciary in many cases creates additional uncertainty as to the outcome of any litigation, and the interpretation of statutes and regulations may be subject to government policies reflecting domestic political agendas. Finally, enforcement of existing laws or contracts based on existing law may be uncertain and sporadic. For the preceding reasons, it may be difficult for NTIC or NTIC China to obtain timely or equitable enforcement of laws ostensibly designed to protect companies like NTIC or NTIC China, which could adversely affect NTIC s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could subject NTIC to, among other things, penalties and legal expenses that could harm its reputation and have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

NTIC is subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, which generally prohibits covered entities and their intermediaries from engaging in bribery or making other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or other benefits. In addition, the FCPA imposes accounting standards and requirements on U.S. publicly-traded corporations and their foreign affiliates, which are intended to prevent the diversion of corporate funds to the payment of bribes and other improper payments and to prevent the establishment of off books slush funds from which such improper payments can be made. NTIC also is subject to similar anticorruption legislation implemented in Europe under the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development s Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions. NTIC and its joint ventures, distributors, independent representatives, and agents operate in a number of jurisdictions that pose a high risk of potential violations of the FCPA and other anticorruption laws, based on measurements such as Transparency International s Corruption Perception Index, and NTIC utilizes a number of joint ventures, distributors, independent representatives, and agents for whose actions NTIC could be held liable under the FCPA. NTIC informs its personnel, joint ventures, distributors, independent representatives, and agents of the requirements of the FCPA and other anticorruption laws, including, but not limited to, their reporting requirements. NTIC also has developed and will continue to develop and implement systems for formalizing its contracting processes, performing due diligence on agents, and improving its recordkeeping and auditing practices regarding these regulations. However, there is no guarantee that NTIC s employees, joint ventures, distributors, independent representatives, or other agents have not or will not engage in conduct undetected by NTIC s processes and for which NTIC might be held responsible under the FCPA or other anticorruption laws. 

25

If NTIC s employees, joint ventures, distributors, third-party sales representatives, or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices, NTIC could suffer severe penalties, including criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement, and other remedial measures, including further changes or enhancements to its procedures, policies, and controls and potential personnel changes and disciplinary actions. 

Certain private and foreign companies, including some of NTIC s competitors, are not subject to prohibitions as strict as those under the FCPA or, even if subjected to strict prohibitions, such prohibitions may be laxly enforced in practice. If NTIC s competitors engage in corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft, or other fraudulent practices, they may receive preferential treatment from personnel of some companies or from government officials, giving NTIC s competitors an advantage in securing business and putting NTIC at a disadvantage. 

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could result in declines in NTIC s earnings and changes in NTIC s foreign currency translation adjustments. 

Because the functional currency of NTIC s foreign operations is the applicable local currency, NTIC is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk arising from transactions in the normal course of business. NTIC s principal exchange rate exposure is with the Euro, the Japanese Yen, the Indian Rupee, the Chinese Renminbi, the South Korean Won, and the English Pound against the U.S. dollar. NTIC s fees for services provided to its joint ventures and dividend distributions from these foreign entities are paid in foreign currencies; thus, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could result in declines in NTIC s earnings. Any changes in foreign currency exchange rates would be reflected as a foreign currency translation adjustment and would not change NTIC s equity in income from joint ventures reflected in its consolidated statements of operations. NTIC does not hedge against its foreign currency exchange rate risk. 

Economic uncertainty in developing markets could adversely affect NTIC s revenue and earnings. 

NTIC conducts business, or is contemplating expansion, in developing markets with economies that tend to be more volatile than those in the United States and Western Europe. The risk of doing business in developing markets such as China, Brazil, India, Russia, the United Arab Emirates, Mexico, and other economically volatile areas could adversely affect NTIC s operations and earnings. Such risks include the financial instability among customers in these regions, political instability, fraud or corruption, and other non-economic factors, and irregular trade flows that need to be managed successfully with the help of the local governments. In addition, commercial laws in some developing countries can be vague, inconsistently administered, and retroactively applied. If NTIC is deemed not to be in compliance with applicable laws in developing countries where NTIC conducts business, its prospects and business in those countries could be harmed, which could then have a material adverse impact on NTIC s operating results and financial position. NTIC s failure to successfully manage economic, political, and other risks relating to doing business in developing countries and economically and politically volatile areas could adversely affect its business. 

Risks Related to NTIC s Products 

NTIC faces intense competition in almost all of its product lines, including from competitors that have substantially greater resources than NTIC does. No assurance can be provided that NTIC will be able to compete effectively, which would harm its business and operating results. 

NTIC s products are sold in intensely competitive markets throughout the world. This intense competition could result in pricing pressures, lower sales, reduced margins, and lower market share. With respect to its rust and corrosion inhibiting products, NTIC competes on the basis of product innovation, quality, reliability, product support, customer service, reputation, and price. With respect to its Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products, NTIC competes on the basis of performance, brand awareness, distribution network, product availability, product offering, shelf life, place of manufacture, and price. NTIC often competes with numerous manufacturers, many of which have substantially greater financial, marketing, and other resources than NTIC. As a result, they may be able to adapt more quickly than NTIC to new or emerging technologies, industry trends, and changes in customer requirements or to devote greater resources to the promotion and sale of their products than NTIC. In addition, competition could increase if new companies enter the markets in which NTIC competes, especially when the barriers to entry are low, which may be true with respect to NTIC s rust and corrosion prevention business, or if existing competitors expand their product lines or intensify efforts within existing product lines. NTIC s current products, products under development, and its ability to develop new and improved products may be insufficient to enable NTIC to compete effectively with its competitors. No assurance can be provided that NTIC will be able to compete effectively, which would harm its business and operating results. In particular, NTIC has experienced more intense competition with respect to many of its traditional ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products and services, which has led to decreased pricing and smaller margins for NTIC. 

26

NTIC s ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products and services generate a significant portion of NTIC s net sales and the net sales of NTIC s joint ventures. Accordingly, if sales of these products and services were to decline, NTIC s operating results would be adversely affected. 

NTIC s ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products and services generate a significant portion of NTIC s net sales and the net sales of NTIC s joint ventures. During fiscal 2024, 74.2 of NTIC s consolidated net sales were derived from sales of ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products and services. While the net sales of NTIC s joint ventures are not included in NTIC s net sales on NTIC s consolidated financial statements, NTIC s receipt of fees for services that NTIC provides to its joint ventures and NTIC s receipt of dividend distributions from its joint ventures are based primarily on the revenues and profitability of the joint ventures. Accordingly, if sales of these products and services were to decline due to increased competition, the introduction of a new disruptive technology, or otherwise, NTIC s operating results would be adversely affected. 

If NTIC is unable to continue to enhance its existing products and develop and market new products that respond to customer needs and achieve market acceptance, NTIC may experience a decrease in demand for its products, and its business could suffer. 

One of NTIC s strategies is to enhance its existing products and develop and market new products that respond to customer needs. NTIC may not be able to compete effectively with its competitors unless NTIC can keep up with existing or new products or alternative technologies in the markets in which it competes. Product development requires significant research and development, financial, and other resources. Although in the past NTIC has implemented lean manufacturing and other productivity improvement initiatives to provide investment funding for new products, no assurance can be provided that NTIC will be able to continue to do so in the future. Product improvements and new product introductions also require significant planning, design, development, and testing at the technological, product, and manufacturing process levels, and NTIC may not be able to timely develop product improvements or new products. NTIC s competitors new products may beat NTIC s products to market, may be more effective or less expensive than NTIC s products, or may render NTIC s products obsolete. Any new products that NTIC may develop may not receive market acceptance or otherwise generate any meaningful net sales or profits for NTIC relative to its expectations, based on, among other things, existing and anticipated investments in manufacturing capacity and commitments to fund advertising, marketing, promotional programs, and research and development. 

NTIC has invested and intends to continue to invest additional research and development and marketing efforts and resources into the application of its corrosion prevention solutions into the oil and gas industry and the continued launch of its Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products. No assurance can be provided, however, that NTIC s investments in these new markets and products will be successful and result in additional revenue to NTIC. 

In an effort to increase net sales, NTIC has expanded the marketing of its corrosion prevention solutions into the oil and gas industry and its Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products. NTIC expects to continue to invest additional research and development and marketing efforts and resources into these strategic initiatives. No assurance can be provided, however, that such strategic initiatives will be successful or that NTIC will be successful in obtaining additional revenue as a result of them. The introduction of new products into new markets takes significant resources, and there can be no assurance that NTIC is dedicating a sufficient amount of resources to ensure the success of these strategic initiatives. The sale of NTIC s ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products and services into the oil and gas industry, in particular, typically involves a long sales cycle, often including a one- to multi-year trial period with each customer and a slow integration process thereafter. This long sales cycle may cause NTIC s management, stockholders, and investors to lose faith in the business opportunities for NTIC s ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products and services in the oil and gas industry. Additionally, projects NTIC completes for oil and gas industry customers typically involve short turnaround times, and failure to meet these expectations could damage NTIC s ability to successfully promote its corrosion prevention solutions into the oil and gas industry. 

27

NTIC s strategy of expanding its corrosion prevention solutions into the oil and gas industry and continuing the expansion of its Natur-Tec bioplastics resin compounds and finished products is risky and may not prove to be successful, which could harm NTIC s operating results and financial condition. 

NTIC s strategy of expanding its corrosion prevention solutions into the oil and gas industry and continuing the expansion of its Natur-Tec bioplastics resin compounds and finished products, either directly or indirectly through joint ventures and independent distributors and agents, is risky and subject to all of the risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including: 

the absence of a significant operating history; 

the lack of commercialized products; 

the lack of market acceptance of new products; 

expected substantial and continual losses for such businesses for the foreseeable future; 

the lack of manufacturing experience and limited marketing experience; 

an expected reliance on third parties for the manufacture and commercialization of some of the products; 

a competitive environment characterized by numerous, well-established and well-capitalized competitors; 

insufficient capital and other resources; 

reliance on key personnel and the need to hire and train local support in a timely manner in order to support customer needs; and 

NTIC s dependence on manufacturing and logistical services provided by contractors could give rise to product defect or warranty liability. 

NTIC uses third-party manufacturers to produce the majority of its products. In addition, NTIC relies upon certain contractors for logistical services. Although NTIC s arrangements with its contract manufacturers and contractors may contain provisions for warranty expense reimbursement, NTIC may remain responsible to its customers for warranty service in the event of product defects and could experience an unanticipated product defect or warranty liability. In addition, product defects could harm NTIC s reputation amongst its customers. 

The commercial success of NTIC s Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products depends on the widespread market acceptance of products manufactured with bio-based and biodegradable resins. 

Although there is a developed market for petroleum-based plastics, the market for bioplastics which are plastics produced with bio-based resins, which are derived from renewable resources such as corn or cellulosic/plant material or blends thereof, or plastics that are engineered to be fully biodegradable or both, is still developing. The market for biodegradable plastics is expanding worldwide, driven by increasing environmental awareness, regulatory support for sustainable materials, and growing demand for eco-friendly alternatives. As consumers and industries seek to reduce plastic waste, biodegradable plastics offer a viable solution, particularly in sectors like packaging, agriculture, and consumer goods. This trend is further supported by government policies promoting sustainable practices and by advances in biodegradable technology, which make these materials more accessible and cost-effective. 

The commercial success of NTIC s Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products depends on the continued expansion of the market for biodegradable plastics and widespread market acceptance of products manufactured with bio-based and biodegradable resins, which may result, in part, from government policies promoting sustainable practices at the federal, state or local level. For example, many U.S. states and municipalities have taken action or are considering laws to ban certain single-use plastics, often focusing efforts on single-use plastic bags and plastic straws. However, existing federal rules and regulations favorable to the market for biodegradable plastics may be subject to change under the incoming Trump administration. Internationally, the government of India announced a phased ban on the manufacture and sale of single-use plastics beginning in July 2022. Similarly, in January 2021, China implemented a ban on single-use plastic utensils, bags and certain other single-use plastic items. Despite these efforts and other measures taken at the federal, state and local levels, including policies related to the collection of organics, it is currently difficult to assess or predict with any assurance the potential size, timing, and viability of market opportunities for NTIC s Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products. Additionally, while legislation has helped increase demand for bioplastics, a lack of enforcement and higher costs associated with bioplastics have adversely impacted the demand anticipated to stem from such legislation. 

The traditional plastics market sector is well-established with entrenched competitors with whom NTIC competes. Pricing for traditional plastics has been highly volatile in recent years, which drives, to some extent, the commercial and other support for bioplastics. While NTIC expects to be able to command a premium price for its Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products, a widening gap in the pricing for bioplastics versus petroleum-based plastics may reduce the size of the addressable market for NTIC s Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products. Whether prices for bioplastics become more competitive with prices for petroleum-based plastics will depend, in part, on continued advances in biodegradable technology. In addition, the growth of the market will create some pressure on price for applications today considered commodities, including in particular NTIC s current Natur-Tec finished products. 

28

NTIC relies on its joint ventures, distributors, manufacturer s sales representatives, and other agents to market and sell its products. 

In addition to its direct sales force, NTIC relies on its joint ventures, distributors, manufacturer s sales representatives, and other agents to market and sell its products in the United States and internationally. NTIC s joint ventures, distributors, manufacturer s sales representatives, and other agents might terminate their relationship with NTIC or devote insufficient sales efforts to NTIC s products. NTIC does not control its joint ventures, distributors, manufacturer s sales representatives, and other agents, and they may not be successful in implementing NTIC s marketing plans. NTIC s failure to maintain its existing relationships with these entities, or its failure to recruit and retain additional skilled joint venture partners, distributors, manufacturer s sales representatives, and other agents, could have an adverse effect on NTIC s operations. It is anticipated that several of NTIC s joint venture partners will retire during the next several years, which will require a transition on the part of the joint venture as well as NTIC and could harm NTIC s relationship with the joint venture and NTIC s business. 

NTIC may be subject to product liability claims or other claims arising out of the activities of its joint ventures, which could adversely affect NTIC and its business. 

While NTIC is not aware of any specific potential risk beyond its initial investment in, and any undistributed earnings of, each of its joint ventures, there can be no assurance that NTIC will not be subject to lawsuits based on product liability claims or other claims arising out of the activities of its joint ventures. To mitigate the ramifications of such an occurrence, NTIC maintains liability insurance specifically applicable to its ownership positions in its joint venture arrangements in excess of any insurance the joint ventures may maintain. No assurance can be provided, however, that such insurance will be available or adequate in the event of a claim. 

The sale of ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products into the oil and gas industry is risky in light of the hazards typically associated with such operations and the significant amount of potential liability involved, which could adversely affect NTIC s business if ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products are involved, even if the cause of such events was not related to NTIC s products. 

Because NTIC sells its ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products into the oil and gas industry, NTIC is subject to some of the risks and hazards typically associated with such operations, including hazards such as fire, explosion, blowouts, cratering, unplanned gas releases, and spills, each of which could be claimed to be attributed to the failure of NTIC s products to perform as anticipated. If such events occur and NTIC s products are involved, NTIC s business and operating results may suffer, even if the cause of such events was not related to NTIC s products. 

The sale of ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products into the oil and gas industry is dependent on certain macroeconomic factors, including seasonality of installations, fluctuations of crude oil prices, global events and regulatory guidelines. 

Seasonality of Installations: In the past, NTIC has experienced some seasonality with respect to the sale of its ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products into the oil and gas industry, with sales during parts of the second and third fiscal quarters being adversely affected by winter in the United States. However, in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024, this seasonality decreased somewhat as opportunities increased globally. 

Fluctuations of Crude Oil Prices: The sale of NTIC s ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products into the oil and gas industry, particularly in the United States, has historically been hampered by low/unstable global crude oil prices. The price of crude oil remained moderate and relatively stable in fiscal 2024, partially due to decreased inflationary pressures and ample global supplies. NTIC believes low global crude oil prices constrain capital improvement budgets of its existing and prospective customers and may result in personnel turnover at its oil and gas customers or prospects. Additionally, NTIC believes the ongoing wars between Russia and Ukraine and Israel and Hamas may create uncertainty among its existing and prospective customers, which may cause them to halt oil and gas projects or elect to decrease capital improvement budgets, either of which could harm NTIC s ability to sell its products into the oil and gas industry. 

29

Global Events: The sale of Zerust Oil Gas solutions to Oil Gas sector clients is impacted by geopolitical tensions and other events in key oil producing regions like the Middle East. These affect the ability of the teams to have face-to-face meetings, travel for site surveys and implementations, etc., with the added effect of potential supply chain delays/impacts that could delay or postpone sales. 

Regulatory Guidelines: The Oil Gas sector is very conservative and, in addition to long-term trials on-site, client decision makers typically default to guidelines from the American Petroleum Institute (API), Association of Materials Protection and Performance (AMPP), Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA), an agency of the United States Department of Transportation responsible for developing and enforcing regulations for the safe, reliable and environmentally sound transportation of energy and other hazardous materials, European Committee for the Study of Corrosion (CEOCOR), etc. Getting a new technology/solution approach included in these guidelines typically takes years of committee lobbying, client support, field trials and lab validation. The Zerust solutions have been included in several technical reports/committees from these groups though getting full validation is likely to take a few more years. 

The expansion of NTIC s corrosion prevention solutions into the oil and gas industry and the continued launch of NTIC s Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products may require additional capital in the future, which may not be available or may be available only on unfavorable terms. In addition, any equity financings may be dilutive to NTIC s stockholders. 

The expansion of NTIC s corrosion prevention solutions into the oil and gas industry and the continued expansion of NTIC s Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products will continue to require resources during fiscal 2025 and beyond. To the extent that NTIC s existing capital, including amounts available under its revolving line of credit, is insufficient to meet these requirements, NTIC may raise additional capital through financings or additional borrowings. Any equity or debt financing, if available at all, may be on terms that are not favorable to NTIC, and any equity financings could result in dilution to NTIC s stockholders. 

Risks Related to Governmental Regulation, Laws, and Compliance 

NTIC s business, properties, and products are subject to governmental regulation and taxes, compliance with which may require NTIC to incur expenses or modify its products or operations, and which may expose NTIC to penalties for non-compliance. Governmental regulation also may adversely affect the demand for some of NTIC s products and its operating results. 

NTIC s business, properties, and products are subject to a wide variety of international, federal, state, and local laws, rules, taxes, and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, natural resources, and worker health and safety and the use, management, storage, and disposal of hazardous substances, wastes, and other regulated materials. These laws, rules, and regulations may affect the way NTIC conducts its operations, and the failure to comply with these regulations could lead to fines and other penalties. In the future, new environmental laws, rules, and regulations with provisions similar to those of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes measures to reduce emissions, may be enacted, which may adversely affect NTIC s business. Further, because NTIC owns and operates real property, various environmental laws also may impose liability on NTIC for the costs of cleaning up and responding to hazardous substances that may have been released on NTIC s property, including releases unknown to NTIC. These environmental laws and regulations also could require NTIC to pay for environmental remediation and response costs at third-party locations where NTIC disposed of or recycled hazardous substances. NTIC s future costs of complying with the various environmental requirements, as they now exist or may be altered in the future, could adversely affect NTIC s financial condition and operating results. NTIC is also subject to other international, federal, and state laws, rules, and regulations, the future non-compliance with which may harm NTIC s business or may adversely affect the demand for some of its products. Changes in laws and regulations, including changes in accounting standards and taxation changes, including tax rate changes, new tax laws, including the changes to U.S. federal tax laws included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, such as a 1 excise tax on stock repurchases, and revised tax law interpretations, also may adversely affect NTIC s operating results. These laws, rules and regulations may be subject to change by the incoming Trump administration, which has announced intentions to alter environmental and other regulations, although it is not possible at this time to determine whether such actions will be taken and the impact they may have on NTIC. 

Governmental regulation also may adversely affect the demand for some of NTIC s products and its operating results. For example, the PHMSA added several new rules with specified deadlines in calendar year 2024. As a result, pipeline owners and operators and several service contractors in the pipeline inspection sector were required to complete preliminary reporting requirements to meet these deadlines. These reporting requirements significantly delayed pipeline casing protection work in the second and third quarters of fiscal 2024 pending completion of the compliance work, adversely impacting demand for certain products and NTIC s operating results. While we anticipate that the impact of these new rules and deadlines will decrease in fiscal 2025, resulting in a resurgence in client projects, other regulations may be enacted, causing similar adverse impacts, which impacts or other events may prevent the anticipated resurgence in client projects from materializing. 

30

Fluctuations in NTIC s effective tax rate could have a significant impact on NTIC s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

The mix of pre-tax income or loss among the tax jurisdictions in which NTIC operates, which have varying tax rates, could impact NTIC s effective tax rate. NTIC is subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes in both the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Judgment is required in determining the worldwide provision for income taxes, other tax liabilities, interest, and penalties. Future events could change management s assessment. NTIC operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to tax audits in these jurisdictions. These audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. NTIC also has made assumptions about the realization of deferred tax assets. Changes in these assumptions or jurisdictional regulations could result in a valuation allowance for these assets. Final determination of tax audits or tax disputes may be different from what is currently reflected by NTIC s income tax provisions and accruals. 

Certain of NTIC s operations are subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. 

The manufacture, sale, and use of NTIC s Natur-Tec bio-plastic resin compounds are subject to regulation by the U.S. FDA. The FDA s regulations are concerned with substances used indirectly in food packaging materials, not with specific finished food packaging products. Thus, food and beverage containers are in compliance with FDA regulations if the components used in the food and beverage containers: (i) are approved by the FDA as indirect food additives for their intended uses and comply with the applicable FDA indirect food additive regulations; or (ii) are generally recognized as safe for their intended uses and are of suitable purity for those intended uses. NTIC believes that its Natur-Tec resin compounds comply with all FDA requirements. However, failure to comply with FDA regulations could subject NTIC to administrative, civil, or criminal penalties. 

Any change in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requiring NTIC to consolidate its joint ventures could adversely affect NTIC s operating results. 

If there were a change in accounting rules and NTIC were required to fully consolidate its joint ventures or if NTIC s joint ventures otherwise would be required to be consolidated with NTIC, NTIC and the individual joint venture would incur significant additional costs. In addition, other accounting pronouncements issued in the future could have a material cost associated with NTIC s implementation of such new accounting pronouncements. 

Risks Related to NTIC s Intellectual Property 

NTIC s reliance upon patents, trademark laws, trade secrets, and contractual provisions to protect its proprietary rights may not be sufficient to protect its intellectual property from others who may sell similar products. 

NTIC holds patents relating to various aspects of its products and believes that proprietary technical know-how is critical to many of its products. Proprietary rights relating to NTIC s products are protected from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that they are covered by valid and enforceable patents or are maintained in confidence as trade secrets. NTIC cannot be certain that it will be issued any patents from any pending or future patent applications owned by or licensed to NTIC or that the claims allowed under any issued patents will be sufficiently broad to protect its technology. In the absence of patent protection, NTIC may be vulnerable to competitors who attempt to copy NTIC s products or gain access to its trade secrets and know-how. NTIC s competitors may initiate litigation to challenge the validity of NTIC s patents, or they may use their resources to design comparable products that do not infringe NTIC s patents. NTIC may incur substantial costs if its competitors initiate litigation to challenge the validity of its patents or if it initiates any proceedings to protect its proprietary rights, and if the outcome of any such litigation is unfavorable to NTIC, its business and operating results could be materially adversely affected. 

31

In addition, NTIC relies substantially on trade secrets and proprietary know-how that it seeks to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements with its employees and consultants. These agreements may be breached, and NTIC may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. Even if these confidentiality agreements are not breached, NTIC s trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors. 

Risks Related to NTIC s Common Stock 

The trading volume of NTIC s common stock is typically very low, leaving NTIC s common stock open to risk of high volatility. 

The number of shares of NTIC s common stock being traded daily is often very low, and on some trading days, there is no trading volume at all. During fiscal 2024, the daily trading volume ranged from 634 shares to 1,006,875 shares. Any NTIC stockholder wishing to sell his, her, or its stock may cause a significant fluctuation in the trading price of NTIC s common stock. In addition, low trading volume of a stock increases the possibility that, despite rules against such activity, the price of the stock may be manipulated by persons acting in their own self-interest. NTIC may not have adequate market makers and market making activity to prevent manipulation in its common stock. 

The price and trading volume of NTIC s common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile. 

The market price and trading volume of NTIC s common stock price historically has fluctuated over a wide range. During fiscal 2024, the sale price of NTIC s common stock ranged from a low of 10.08 per share to a high of 19.63 per share, and the daily trading volume ranged from 634 shares to 1,006,875 shares. It is likely that the price and trading volume of NTIC s common stock will continue to fluctuate in the future. The securities of small capitalization companies, including NTIC, from time-to-time experience significant price and volume fluctuations, often unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. Securities class action litigation is sometimes brought against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities or for other reasons. NTIC may become the target of similar litigation, especially if NTIC fails to meet its annual projected financial guidance or lowers its annual projected financial guidance. Securities litigation, whether with or without merit, could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources, which could harm NTIC s business, operating results, and financial condition as well as the market price of its common stock. 

A large percentage of NTIC s outstanding common stock is held by insiders, and, as a result, the trading market for NTIC s common stock is not as liquid as the stock of other public companies. 

As of November 19, 2024, NTIC had 9,470,507 shares of common stock outstanding, 24.3 of which were beneficially owned by directors, executive officers, principal stockholders, and their respective affiliates. The stock of companies with a substantial amount of stock held by insiders is usually not as liquid as the stock of other public companies where insider ownership is not as concentrated. Thus, the trading market for shares of NTIC s common stock may not be as liquid as the stock of other public companies. 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about NTIC s business, or if they adversely change their recommendations regarding NTIC s common stock, the market price for NTIC s common stock and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for NTIC s common stock has been influenced by research or reports that industry or securities analysts publish about NTIC or its business. If one or more analysts who cover NTIC downgrade NTIC s common stock, the market price for NTIC s common stock would likely decline. If one or more cease coverage of NTIC or fail to regularly publish reports on NTIC, NTIC could lose visibility in the financial markets, which, in turn, could cause the market price or trading volume for NTIC s common stock to decline. 

One of NTIC s principal stockholders beneficially owns a significant percentage of NTIC s outstanding common stock and is affiliated with NTIC s President and Chief Executive Officer and, thus, may be able to influence matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, and could discourage or otherwise impede a transaction in which a third-party wishes to purchase NTIC s outstanding shares at a premium. 

As of November 19, 2024, Inter Alia Holding Company, or Inter Alia, beneficially owned approximately 12.7 of NTIC s outstanding common stock. Inter Alia is an entity partially owned by G. Patrick Lynch, NTIC s President and Chief Executive Officer and director, as well as two other members of the Lynch family. Mr. Lynch shares voting and dispositive power of shares of NTIC s common stock held by Inter Alia with the other owners. As a result of his share ownership through Inter Alia and his position as President and Chief Executive Officer and director of NTIC, Mr. Lynch may be able to influence the affairs and actions of NTIC, including matters requiring stockholder approval, such as the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. The interests of Mr. Lynch and Inter Alia may differ from the interests of NTIC s other stockholders. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying, preventing, or deterring a change in control of NTIC, could deprive NTIC s stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale or merger of NTIC, and may negatively affect the market price of NTIC s common stock. Transactions that could be affected by this concentration of ownership include proxy contests, tender offers, mergers, or other purchases of common stock that could give stockholders the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price for shares of NTIC s common stock. 

32

General Risk Factors 

Climate change, or legal, regulatory, or market measures to address climate change, may negatively affect our business and operations. 

Climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, wildfires or flooding. Climate change may also cause water shortages, changes in rainfall and storm patterns, changes in sea levels and other negative weather and climate patterns. Such weather conditions could pose physical risks to our facilities and disrupt operation of our supply chain and may impact operational costs. 

The increasing global focus on climate change and the need for corporate change also may lead to new regional, federal, and/or global legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of greenhouse gases. The inconsistency of regulations in the countries in which we operate may affect the costs of compliance with such legal or regulatory requirements. Additionally, in the event that such regulation is enacted and is more aggressive than the sustainability measures that we are currently undertaking to monitor our emissions and improve our energy efficiently, we may be subject to curtailment or reduced access to resources or experience significant increases in our costs of operation and delivery. As a result, climate change could negatively affect our business and operations. 

In addition, public company stockholders are increasingly sensitive to the climate change impacts and mitigation efforts of companies, are increasingly seeking enhanced disclosure on the risks, challenges, governance implications, and financial impacts of climate change faced by companies and are demanding that companies take a proactive approach to addressing perceived environmental risks, including risks associated with climate change, relating to their operations. In an effort to increase climate change disclosure, on March 6, 2024, the SEC adopted climate disclosure rules that require new climate-related disclosure in SEC filings, as described below. Adverse publicity or climate-related litigation that may result from such enhanced disclosure or stockholder perception could have a negative impact on our business. 

New climate disclosure rules adopted by the SEC may increase our costs and litigation risks, which would materially and adversely affect our future results of operations and financial condition. 

On March 6, 2024, the SEC adopted new climate disclosure rules, which require disclosure of, among other things, certain climate-related risks, their impacts and activities undertaken to mitigate or adapt to such risks; oversight by the board of directors and the role of management; information about climate-related targets and goals; greenhouse gas emissions; and financial statement impacts. We are currently assessing the impact of the new rules, but at this time, due in part to pending legal action related to the adoption of the new rules, we cannot predict the costs of implementation or any potential adverse impacts resulting from the new rules. However, we may incur increased costs relating to the assessment and disclosure of climate-related risks and increased litigation risks related to disclosures made pursuant to the new rules, either of which could materially and adversely affect our future results of operations and financial condition. 

Severe weather could have a material adverse effect on NTIC s business. 

NTIC s business has been and in the future could be materially and adversely affected by severe weather. NTIC s customers, including in particular NTIC s oil and gas customers, may have operations located in parts of the southern United States or other places and may be adversely affected by hurricanes and tropical storms, resulting in reduced demand for NTIC s products and services or increased operating costs. Furthermore, NTIC s customers and raw material suppliers operations have been and could in the future be adversely affected by such hurricanes and other extreme or seasonal weather conditions. Adverse weather can also directly impede NTIC s operations. Repercussions of severe weather conditions may include: 

33

curtailment of services or reduced demand for products; 

weather-related damage to facilities and equipment, resulting in suspension of operations; 

inability to deliver equipment, personnel and products to job sites in accordance with contract schedules or increased transportation or other operating costs; and 

loss of productivity. 

These constraints could delay NTIC s operations and materially increase NTIC s operating and capital costs. 

NTIC may grow its business through additional joint ventures, subsidiaries, alliances, and acquisitions, which could be risky and harm its business. 

One of NTIC s growth strategies may be to expand its business by entering into additional joint ventures and alliances and acquiring businesses, technologies, and products that complement or augment NTIC s existing products. The benefits of a joint venture, alliance, or acquisition may take more time than expected to develop, and NTIC cannot guarantee that any future joint ventures, alliances, or acquisitions will in fact produce the intended benefits. In addition, joint ventures, alliances, and acquisitions involve a number of risks, including: 

diversion of management s attention; 

difficulties in assimilating the operations and products of a new joint venture or acquired business or in realizing projected efficiencies, cost savings, and revenue synergies; 

potential loss of key employees or customers of the new joint venture or acquired business or adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; 

adverse impact on overall profitability if the new joint venture or acquired business does not achieve the financial results projected in NTIC s valuation models; 

reallocation of amounts of capital from other operating initiatives and/or an increase in NTIC s leverage and debt service requirements to pay the joint venture capital contribution or the acquisition purchase price, which could in turn restrict NTIC s ability to access additional capital when needed or to pursue other important elements of NTIC s business strategy; 

inaccurate assessment of undisclosed, contingent, or other liabilities or problems and unanticipated costs associated with the new joint venture or acquisition; and 

incorrect estimates made in the accounting for acquisitions, occurrence of non-recurring charges, and write-off of significant amounts of goodwill that could adversely affect NTIC s operating results. 

NTIC s ability to grow through joint ventures, alliances, and acquisitions will depend, in part, on the availability of suitable opportunities at an acceptable cost, NTIC s ability to compete effectively for these opportunities, and the availability of capital to complete such transactions. 

NTIC relies on its management information systems for inventory management, distribution, and other functions. If these information systems fail to adequately perform these functions or if NTIC experiences an interruption in their operation, NTIC s business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

The efficient operation of NTIC s business is dependent on its management information systems. NTIC relies on its management information systems to effectively manage accounting and financial functions; manage order entry, order fulfillment, and inventory replenishment processes; and to maintain its research and development data. The failure of management information systems to perform as anticipated could disrupt NTIC s business and product development and could result in decreased sales, causing NTIC s business and operating results to suffer. In addition, NTIC s management information systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural or man-made disasters, including terrorist attacks, attacks by computer viruses or hackers, power loss to computer systems, Internet outages, and telecommunications or data network failure. Any such interruption could adversely affect NTIC s business and operating results. 

34

The installation of a new Enterprise Resource Planning software system and related equipment could cause disruption to NTIC s business, and NTIC may not be able to effectively realize the benefits of this new system. 

NTIC is in the process of installing a new Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software system and related equipment in order to support its future growth and more fully optimize its existing processes. The implementation of a new ERP software system may prove to be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than expected, and it is possible that the system will not yield the anticipated benefits. Any disruptions, delays or deficiencies related to the new ERP software system could materially impact NTIC s operations and its ability to manage inventory, fulfill obligations to customers or otherwise operate its business. In addition, implementation of a new ERP system will require significant resources, including the time and attention of NTIC s management, in order to fully realize the anticipated benefits. 

NTIC s business could be negatively impacted by cyber security threats. 

In the ordinary course of NTIC s business, NTIC uses its management information systems to store and access proprietary business information. NTIC faces various cyber security threats, including cyber security attacks to its information technology infrastructure and attempts by others to gain access to its proprietary or sensitive information. The procedures and controls NTIC uses to monitor these threats and mitigate its exposure, as described in greater detail under Part I. Item 1C. Cybersecurity , may not be sufficient to prevent cyber security incidents. The result of these incidents could include disrupted operations, lost opportunities, misstated financial data, liability for stolen assets or information, increased costs arising from the implementation of additional security protective measures, litigation, and reputational damage. Any remedial costs or other liabilities related to cyber security incidents may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. Additionally, on July 26, 2023, the SEC issued final rules related to cyber security risk management and related disclosures. NTIC and its Audit Committee continue to monitor and analyze the impact these rules may have on NTIC s regulatory burden and cost of compliance related to cyber security threats. 

NTIC s quarterly results are typically unpredictable and subject to variation. 

NTIC s quarterly operating results vary from quarter to quarter for a variety of reasons. For example, NTIC s quarterly sales to joint ventures can be affected by individual orders to joint ventures. Because of the typical size of individual orders to joint ventures and the overall size of NTIC s net sales to joint ventures, the timing of one or more orders can materially affect NTIC s quarterly sales to joint ventures and the comparisons to prior year quarters. In addition, because of the typical size of individual orders and the overall size of NTIC s net sales derived from sales of Natur-Tec products, the timing of one or more orders can materially affect NTIC s quarterly sales of Natur-Tec products and the comparisons to prior year quarters. Furthermore, since ZERUST products for the oil and gas industry typically carry higher margins than other traditional ZERUST products, the amount of sales of ZERUST products for the oil and gas industry typically affects NTIC s overall margins. Such variability in operating results makes the prediction of NTIC s net sales, earnings, and other operating results for each quarter difficult and increases the risk of unanticipated variations in quarterly operating results. NTIC s quarterly results have been and, in the future, may be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. 

NTIC s business is subject to a number of other miscellaneous risks that may adversely affect NTIC s operating results, financial condition, or business. 

NTIC s business is subject to a number of other miscellaneous risks that may adversely affect NTIC s operating results, and financial condition, such as natural or man-made disasters, an unexpected business loss of supply due to a force majeure event or global pandemics that may result in shortages of raw materials, higher commodity costs, an increase in insurance premiums, and other adverse effects on NTIC s business; the continued threat of terrorist acts and war that may result in heightened security and higher costs for import and export shipments of components or finished goods; and the ability of NTIC s management to adapt to unplanned events. 

35

Item 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

Item 1C. 

CYBERSECURITY 

Background 

Cybersecurity, data privacy, and data protection are critical to NTIC s business. In the ordinary course of business, NTIC collects and stores certain confidential information, such as information about employees, contractors, vendors, customers, and suppliers. NTIC has processes in place for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats, and NTIC regularly assesses its performance and identifies areas for improvement. In recent years, NTIC has implemented measures to safeguard its entire cyber network. Management continually re-assesses NTIC s cybersecurity risk environment based on changing circumstances and new information identified by monitoring, scanning and testing its systems as well as utilizing third party resources for testing. 

Risk Management and Strategy 

NTIC s processes for assessing, identifying, and managing cybersecurity threats have been integrated into the overall risk management processes. The information provided by these processes facilitates management s ongoing assessment of NTIC s cybersecurity risk environment and provides current and accurate information regarding cybersecurity risks to management, the Audit Committee and Board of Directors to allow appropriate management of such risks through remediation or other risk mitigation activities. 

NTIC maintains a cybersecurity program that is designed to identify, protect from, detect, respond to, and recover from cybersecurity threats and risks, and protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of its information systems, including the information residing on such systems. NTIC takes a risk-based approach to cybersecurity, which begins with the identification and evaluation of cybersecurity risks or threats that could affect its operations, finances, legal or regulatory compliance, or reputation. The scope of NTIC s evaluation encompasses risks that may be associated with both its internally managed IT systems and key business functions and sensitive data operated or managed by third-party service providers. Once identified, cybersecurity risks and related mitigation efforts are prioritized based on their potential impact, likelihood, velocity, and vulnerability, considering both quantitative and qualitative factors. Risk mitigation strategies are developed and implemented based on the specific nature of each cybersecurity risk. These strategies include, among others, the application of cybersecurity policies and procedures, implementation of administrative, technical, and physical controls, and employee training, education, and awareness initiatives. 

Role of Management 

Management has implemented risk management structures, policies and procedures and is responsible for NTIC S day-to-day cybersecurity risk management. Our Information Technology Director, who brings a solid foundation in cybersecurity from prior managerial roles and specialized training, is responsible for our day-to-day assessment and management of cybersecurity risks and has helped NTIC leverage best practices consisting of real time monitoring, anti-virus and ongoing patch management for all systems. Maintenance keeps code to industry standards and aligned with best practices. Security, and threats to security, are constantly evolving. The implemented measures are flexible enough that they can be modified dynamically to respond to changes in the security landscape. The following security measures give some insight as to what has been implemented: 

Multifactor Authentication 

Phishing Simulations 

User Permissions Auditing and Tightening 

Proactive blocking of high-risk email 

Active monitoring of user sign-in 

On-premises Endpoint reduction 

Endpoint detection and response 

Licensing, Network, and hardware compliance management 

36

Use of Consultants and Advisors 

NTIC engages various third-party cybersecurity service providers to assess and enhance its cybersecurity practices and assist with protection and monitoring of its systems and information, including with respect to protection of its e-mail, system access, network monitoring, endpoint protection, vulnerability assessments and penetration testing. NTIC engages cybersecurity consultants, auditors, and other third parties to assess and enhance its cybersecurity practices, such as a third party consulting firm to perform tabletop exercises and evaluate NTIC s cyber processes including an assessment of its incident response procedures. 

Board Oversight 

The Board of Directors, both directly and through the delegation of responsibilities to the Audit Committee oversees the proper functioning of NTIC s cybersecurity risk management program. In particular, the Audit Committee, which is comprised entirely of independent directors, is responsible for reviewing and discussing guidelines and policies governing the process by which senior management of NTIC assesses and manages NTIC s exposure to risk and reviewing and discussing NTIC s major financial risk exposures, including cybersecurity risk, and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures; it being understood that it is the job of management to assess and management NTIC s exposure to risk and that the Audit Committee s responsibility is to discuss guidelines and policies by which risk assessment and management are undertaken. The Audit Committee additionally receives periodic updates from senior management on NTIC s policies, processes, procedures and any significant developments related to the identification, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity risks and is responsible for reviewing the cybersecurity disclosures required to be included in NTIC s SEC filings. 

Although none of the members of the Audit Committee has any work experience, degree, or certifications related to information security or cybersecurity, the Audit Committee works closely with members of management and NTIC has engaged third-party service providers to further enhance its cybersecurity efforts. 

Risks from Material Cybersecurity Threats 

Although NTIC has taken steps to prevent and mitigate data security threats, there can be no assurance that its protective measures and those of its third party service providers will prevent or detect security breaches that could have a significant impact on NTIC s business, reputation, operating results and financial condition. NTIC maintains cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of NTIC s systems. As of the date of this filing, NTIC has not identified any cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably anticipated to have a material effect on NTIC s business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. Although NTIC has not experienced cybersecurity incidents that are individually, or in the aggregate, material, NTIC has experienced cyberattacks in the past, which NTIC believes have thus far been mitigated by preventative, detective, and responsive measures it has put in place. See the factors described in the Part I. Item 1.A. Risk Factors section of this Form 10-K for further detail about the cybersecurity risks NTIC faces. Maintaining a robust information security system is an ongoing priority for NTIC, and NTIC plans to continue to identify and evaluate new, emerging risks to data protection and cybersecurity both within NTIC and through its engagement of third-party service providers. 

Item 2. 

PROPERTIES 

NTIC s principal executive offices, production facilities, and domestic research and development operations are located at 4201 Woodland Road, Circle Pines, Minnesota 55014. NTIC also purchased the property immediately adjacent to this property, located at 4203 Woodland Road, which includes a 26,000 square foot industrial building, for 1,200,000 in February 2023. NTIC continues to renovate this building, which will be used primarily for warehousing space and light industrial production. NTIC owns this real estate and these buildings. NTIC also owns real estate and a building in Beachwood, Ohio, which it uses for office, manufacturing, laboratory, and warehouse space. Additionally, NTIC has contract warehousing agreements in California and Indiana to hold and release stock products to customers. 

Internationally, NTIC s subsidiaries in Brazil, India, Mexico, and China all lease office, warehouse, and laboratory space. In July 2021, NTIC China entered into a purchase agreement to acquire an approximately 21,000 square feet industrial building and the right to use certain real estate in the Qingpu District of Shanghai, China, which has been used as China s new corporate headquarters since February 2022. NTIC also leases office, warehouse, and laboratory space in Chennai, India. 

37

NTIC s management considers its current properties suitable and adequate for its current and foreseeable needs. 

Item 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

For information regarding NTIC s legal proceedings, see Note 15 to NTIC s consolidated financial statements. 

Item 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

38

PART II 

Item 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

NTIC s common stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol NTIC. 

Dividends 

During fiscal 2024, NTIC s Board of Directors declared cash dividends on the following dates in the following amounts to holders of record of the Company s common stock as of the following record dates: 

Declaration Date 

Amount 

Record Date 

Payable Date 

October 18, 2023 

0.07 

November 1, 2023 

November 15, 2023 

January 17, 2024 

0.07 

January 31, 2024 

February 14, 2024 

April 17, 2024 

0.07 

May 1, 2024 

May 15, 2024 

July 17, 2024 

0.07 

July 31, 2024 

August 14, 2024 

On October 16, 2024, NTIC s Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.07 per share of NTIC s common stock, payable on November 13, 2024 to stockholders of record on October 30, 2024. The declaration of future dividends is not guaranteed and will be determined by NTIC s Board of Directors in light of conditions then existing, including NTIC s earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, restrictions in financing agreements, business conditions, and other factors. 

Number of Record Holders 

As of August 31, 2024, there were 156 record holders of NTIC s common stock. This does not include shares held in street name or beneficially owned. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 

NTIC did not sell any shares of its common stock or any other equity securities of NTIC that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

NTIC did not purchase any shares of its common stock or other equity securities of NTIC during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. As of August 31, 2024, up to 2,640,548 in shares of NTIC common stock remained available for repurchase under NTIC s stock repurchase program. 

Item 6. 

[RESERVED] 

39

Item 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis provides material historical and prospective disclosures intended to enable investors and other users to assess NTIC s financial condition and results of operations. Statements that are not historical are forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties discussed under the heading Part I. Item 1. Business Forward-Looking Statements and under the heading Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors . The following discussion of the results of the operations and financial condition of NTIC should be read in conjunction with NTIC s consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included under Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis is organized in the following major sections: 

Business Overview . This section provides a brief overview description of NTIC s business, focusing in particular on developments during the most recent fiscal year. 

NTIC s Subsidiaries and Joint Venture Network . This section provides a brief overview of NTIC s subsidiaries and its joint venture network, the joint ventures which are considered individually significant to NTIC s consolidated assets and income, and how NTIC s joint ventures are accounted for by NTIC. 

Financial Overview . This section provides a brief summary of NTIC s financial results and financial condition for fiscal 2024 compared to 2023. 

Sales and Expense Components . This section provides a brief description of the significant line items in NTIC s consolidated statements of operations. 

Results of Operations . This section provides an analysis of the significant line items in NTIC s consolidated statements of operations. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources . This section provides an analysis of NTIC s liquidity and cash flows and a discussion of NTIC s financial condition and financial commitments. 

Inflation and Seasonality . This section describes the effects of inflation and seasonality, if any, on NTIC s business and operating results. 

Market Risk . This section describes material market risks to which NTIC is subject. 

Related Party Transactions . This section describes any material related party transactions to which NTIC is a party. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates . This section discusses NTIC s critical accounting policies and estimates, which require NTIC to exercise subjective or complex judgments in their application. NTIC s significant accounting policies, including its critical accounting estimates, are summarized in Note 1 to NTIC s consolidated financial statements. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements . This section references Note 2 to NTIC s consolidated financial statements, which summarizes the effect of recently issued accounting pronouncements on NTIC s results of operations and financial condition. 

Business Overview 

NTIC develops and markets proprietary, environmentally beneficial products and services in over 65 countries either directly or via a network of subsidiaries, joint ventures, independent distributors, and agents. NTIC s primary business is corrosion prevention marketed mainly under the ZERUST brand. NTIC has been selling its proprietary ZERUST products and services to the automotive, electronics, electrical, mechanical, military, and retail consumer markets for over 50 years and, more recently, has also expanded into the oil and gas industry. Additionally, NTIC markets and sells a portfolio of proprietary bio-based and certified compostable (fully biodegradable) polymer resin compounds and finished products under the Natur-Tec brand. These sustainable packaging products are intended to reduce NTIC s customers carbon footprint and provide environmentally sound waste disposal options. 

NTIC s ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products include plastic and paper packaging, liquids, coatings, rust removers, cleaners, and diffusers as well as engineered solutions designed specifically for the oil and gas industry. NTIC also offers worldwide, on-site, technical consulting for rust and corrosion prevention issues. In North America, NTIC sells its ZERUST corrosion prevention solutions through a network of independent distributors and agents supported by a direct sales force. 

40

Internationally, NTIC sells its ZERUST corrosion prevention solutions through its wholly-owned subsidiary in China, NTIC (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (NTIC China), its wholly-owned subsidiary in India, HNTI Limited (Zerust India), its majority-owned joint venture holding company for NTIC s joint venture investments in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) region, NTI Asean LLC (NTI Asean), and certain majority-owned and wholly-owned subsidiaries, and joint venture arrangements in North America, Europe, and Asia. NTIC also sells products directly to its European joint venture partners through its wholly-owned subsidiary in Germany, NTIC Europe GmbH (NTI Europe). 

One of NTIC s strategic initiatives is to expand into and penetrate other markets for its ZERUST corrosion prevention technologies. Consequently, for the past several years, NTIC has focused significant sales and marketing efforts on the oil and gas industry, as the infrastructure that supports that industry is typically constructed using metals that are highly susceptible to corrosion. In fiscal 2024, sales of ZERUST corrosion prevention solutions to large customers in the oil and gas industry became more consistent, with these customers beginning to re-order products. Sales within the U.S. also stabilized, and key customer relationships have been expanded. The sale of ZERUST corrosion prevention solutions to customers in the oil and gas industry typically involves long sales cycles, often including multi-year trial periods with each customer and a slow integration process thereafter. 

With respect to NTIC s Natur-Tec business, NTIC markets its Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products in North America primarily through a network of regional and national distributors as well as independent agents. NTIC continues to see significant opportunities for finished bioplastic products and, therefore, continues to strengthen and expand its North American distribution network for finished Natur-Tec bioplastic products. Internationally, NTIC sells its Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products both directly and through its wholly-owned subsidiary in China and majority-owned subsidiaries in India and Sri Lanka and through distributors and certain joint ventures. 

NTIC s Subsidiaries and Joint Venture Network 

NTIC has ownership interests in 11 operating subsidiaries in North America, South America, Europe, and Asia, which are listed in Part I. Item 1. Business of this annual report on Form 10-K. The results of these subsidiaries are fully consolidated in NTIC s consolidated financial statements. 

NTIC participates in 15 active joint venture arrangements in North America, Europe, and Asia, which are listed in Part I. Item 1. Business of this annual report on Form 10-K. NTIC has historically funded its investments in joint ventures with cash generated from operations. NTIC s receives funds from its joint ventures as fees for services that NTIC provides to its joint ventures and as dividend distributions. The fees for services provided to joint ventures are determined based on either a flat fee or a percentage of sales depending on local laws and tax regulations. With respect to NTIC s joint venture in Germany (EXCOR), NTIC recognizes an agreed upon quarterly fee for services. NTIC recognizes equity income from each joint venture based on the overall profitability of the joint venture. Such profitability is subject to variability from quarter to quarter, which, in turn, subjects NTIC s earnings to variability from quarter to quarter. The profits of each joint venture are shared by the respective joint venture owners in accordance with their respective ownership percentages. NTIC typically directly or indirectly owns 50 or less of each of its joint venture entities and, thus, does not control the decisions of these entities regarding whether to pay dividends and, if paid, what amount is paid in a given year. The payment of a dividend by an entity is determined by a joint vote of the owners and is not at the sole discretion of NTIC. NTIC accounts for the investments and financial results of its joint ventures in its consolidated financial statements utilizing the equity method of accounting. NTIC considers EXCOR to be individually significant to NTIC s consolidated assets and income as of August 31, 2024 and 2023. Therefore, NTIC provides certain additional information regarding this entity in the notes to NTIC s consolidated financial statements and in this section of this report. 

Financial Overview 

NTIC s management, including its chief executive officer, who is NTIC s chief operating decision maker, reports and manages NTIC s operations in two reportable business segments based on products sold, customer base, and distribution center: ZERUST products and services and Natur-Tec products. 

41

Highlights of NTIC s financial results for fiscal 2024 include the following, with increases or decreases in each case as compared to fiscal 2023: 

NTIC s consolidated net sales increased 6.5 primarily due to increased sales and demand for Natur-Tec and, to a lesser extent, ZERUST products. 74.2 of NTIC s consolidated net sales were derived from sales of ZERUST products and services, which increased 2.2 , and 25.8 of NTIC s consolidated net sales were derived from sales of Natur-Tec products, which increased 20.9 . 

Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales decreased to 60.3 from 65.2 primarily as a result of lower raw material prices overall and savings associated with the insourcing of various finished goods production. 

NTIC s contribution from total joint venture operations decreased 18.6 to 9,475,078 compared to 11,641,904 during fiscal 2023 primarily due to a one-time gain on the liquidation of a previously written-off investment in NTIC s former joint venture in China, Tianjin Zerust of 1,986,027 in fiscal 2023. Net sales at NTIC s joint ventures, which are not consolidated with NTIC s net sales, decreased 4.7 to 95,940,014 compared to 100,682,316 during fiscal 2023. 

NTIC s total operating expenses increased 5.9 to 35,392,957 compared to 33,425,089 during fiscal 2023. This increase was primarily due to increased personnel expenses, including new hires, benefits and travel. 

NTIC incurred net income attributable to NTIC of 5,409,082, or 0.55 per diluted common share, compared to 2,912,276, or 0.30 per diluted common share, for fiscal 2024. 

Sales and Expense Components 

The following is a description of the primary components of net sales and expenses: 

Net Sales . NTIC derives net sales from the sale of its ZERUST products and services and its Natur-Tec products. NTIC sells its ZERUST products and services and its Natur-Tec products either directly, through its subsidiaries, or via a network of joint ventures, independent distributors, and agents. Net sales, excluding joint ventures represents net sales by NTIC either directly to end users or to distributors worldwide, but not sales to NTIC s joint ventures and not sales by NTIC s joint ventures. NTIC recognizes revenue from the sale of its products primarily upon shipment of the products. 

Cost of Goods Sold . Most of NTIC s products are manufactured by third parties, and its cost of goods sold for those products consists primarily of the price invoiced by its third-party vendors. For the portion of products that NTIC manufactures, NTIC s cost of goods sold for those products consists primarily of direct labor, allocated manufacturing overhead, raw materials, and components. NTIC s margins on its Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products are generally smaller than its margins on its ZERUST products and services, and NTIC s margins on its ZERUST products and services sold into the oil and gas industry are generally greater than its margins on its traditional ZERUST products and services. 

Equity in Income from Joint Ventures . NTIC s equity in income from joint ventures consists of NTIC s share of equity in income from each joint venture based on the overall profitability of the joint ventures. Such profitability is subject to variability from quarter to quarter, which, in turn, subjects NTIC s earnings to variability from quarter to quarter. Traditionally, a portion of the equity income recorded in a given fiscal year is paid to the owners of the joint venture entity during the following fiscal year through a dividend. The payment of a dividend by a joint venture entity is determined by a vote of the joint venture owners and is not at the sole discretion of NTIC. NTIC typically owns only 50 or less of its joint venture entities and, thus, does not control the decisions of these entities regarding whether to pay dividends and, if paid, how much they should be in a given year. 

Fees for Services Provided to Joint Ventures . NTIC provides certain services to its joint ventures, including consulting, legal, travel, insurance, technical, and marketing services based on licensing or other agreements with its joint ventures. NTIC receives fees for these services it provides to its joint ventures based primarily on the net sales by NTIC s joint ventures, the latter of which are not included in NTIC s net sales reflected on NTIC s consolidated statements of operations. The fees for services received by NTIC from its joint ventures are generally determined based on either a flat fee or a percentage of net sales by NTIC s joint ventures depending on local laws and tax regulations. With respect to EXCOR, NTIC receives an agreed upon fixed quarterly fee for such services. Under NTIC s agreements with its joint ventures in which the fees for services are described, amounts are earned when product is shipped from joint venture facilities, at which point a sale is deemed to have occurred and results in obligation of the joint venture to pay the royalty and recognition of the fee by NTIC. 

42

Selling Expenses . Selling expenses consist primarily of sales commissions and support costs for NTIC s direct sale and distribution system and marketing costs. 

General and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and benefits and other costs for NTIC s executives, accounting, stock-based compensation, finance, legal, information technology, and human resources functions. 

Research and Development Expenses . Research and development expenses include costs associated with the design, development, market analysis, lab testing, and field trials and enhancements of NTIC s products and services. NTIC expenses all costs related to product research and development as incurred. Research and development expenses reflect the net amount after being reduced by reimbursements related to certain research and development contracts. With respect to such research and development contracts, NTIC accrues proceeds received under the contracts and offsets research and development expenses incurred in equal installments over the timelines associated with completion of the contracts specific objectives and milestones. 

Interest Income . Interest income consists of interest earned on investments, which typically consist of investment-grade, interest-bearing securities and money market accounts. 

Interest Expense . Interest expense results primarily from interest associated with any borrowings under NTIC s line of credit with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and NTIC China s terms loans with China Construction Bank Corporation. 

Income Tax Expense . Income tax expense includes federal income taxes, foreign withholding taxes, income tax of consolidated entities in foreign jurisdictions, state income tax, and changes to NTIC s deferred tax valuation allowance. NTIC utilizes the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed annually for differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. NTIC records a tax valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of its deferred tax assets will not be realized. NTIC makes this determination based on all available evidence, including historical data and projections of future results. Income tax expense is the tax payable or refundable for the period plus or minus the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

Net Income Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests . Net income attributable to non-controlling interests represents the portion of net income (or loss) in consolidated subsidiaries that is allocated to shareholders outside of NTIC. These non-controlling shareholders hold ownership stakes in certain subsidiaries but do not control these entities. In instances where NTIC owns less than 100 of a subsidiary, the share of that subsidiary s income attributable to non-controlling shareholders is excluded from NTIC s net income and reported separately in NTIC s financial statements. 

Results of Operations 

Fiscal Year 2024 Compared to Fiscal Year 2023 

The following table sets forth NTIC s results of operations for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023. 

Fiscal 2024 

of 

			 Net Sales 

Fiscal 2023 

of 

			 Net Sales 

Change 

Change 

Net sales 

85,059,517 

N/A 

79,902,952 

N/A 

5,156,565 

6.5 

Cost of goods sold 

51,273,155 

60.3 

52,099,121 

65.2 

(825,965 

(1.6 

Equity in income from joint ventures 

4,223,296 

N/A 

6,452,719 

N/A 

(2,229,423 

(34.6 

Fees for services provided to joint ventures 

5,251,782 

N/A 

5,189,185 

N/A 

62,597 

1.2 

Selling expenses 

16,413,672 

19.3 

15,290,897 

19.1 

1,122,775 

7.3 

General and administrative expenses 

14,176,494 

16.7 

13,166,270 

16.5 

1,010,224 

7.7 

Research and development expenses 

4,802,791 

5.6 

4,967,922 

6.2 

(165,131 

(3.3 

43

Net Sales . NTIC s consolidated net sales increased 6.5 to 85,059,517 during fiscal 2024 compared to 79,902,952 during fiscal 2023. This increase was primarily due to increased sales and demand for Natur-Tec and, to a lesser extent, ZERUST products. 

The following table sets forth NTIC s net sales by product segment for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023: 

Fiscal 2024 

Fiscal 2023 

Change 

Change 

Total ZERUST sales 

63,092,575 

61,728,364 

1,364,211 

2.2 

Total Natur-Tec sales 

21,966,942 

18,174,588 

3,792,354 

20.9 

Total net sales 

85,059,517 

79,902,952 

5,156,565 

6.5 

During fiscal 2024, 74.2 of NTIC s consolidated net sales were derived from sales of ZERUST products and services, which increased 2.2 to 63,092,575 compared to 61,728,364 during fiscal 2023. This increase was primarily a result of increased demand in North America for ZERUST oil and gas products, partially offset by a slight decrease in demand for ZERUST industrial products. 

The following table sets forth NTIC s net sales of ZERUST products for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023: 

Fiscal 2024 

Fiscal 2023 

Change 

Change 

ZERUST industrial net sales 

53,863,296 

53,926,378 

(63,082 

(0.1 

ZERUST oil gas net sales 

9,229,279 

7,801,986 

1,427,293 

18.3 

Total ZERUST net sales 

63,092,575 

61,728,364 

1,364,211 

2.2 

ZERUST industrial net sales decreased during fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to decreased demand for North American ZERUST industrial products. Overall, demand for ZERUST products and services depends heavily on the overall health of the markets in which NTIC sells its products, including the automotive, construction, agriculture, and mining markets in particular. 

ZERUST oil and gas net sales increased 18.3 during fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to increased demand. NTIC anticipates that its sales of ZERUST products and services into the oil and gas industry will continue to remain subject to significant volatility from quarter to quarter as sales are recognized. Demand for oil and gas products around the world depends primarily on market acceptance and the reach of NTIC s distribution network. Because of the typical size of individual orders and overall size of NTIC s net sales derived from sales of oil and gas products, the timing of one or more orders can materially affect NTIC s quarterly sales compared to prior fiscal year quarters. 

During fiscal 2024, 25.8 of NTIC s consolidated net sales were derived from sales of Natur-Tec products, compared to 22.7 during fiscal 2023. Sales of Natur-Tec products increased 20.9 to 21,966,942 during fiscal 2024 compared to 18,174,588 during fiscal 2023 due to increased global demand. The market for biodegradable plastics is expanding worldwide, driven by increasing environmental awareness, regulatory support for sustainable materials, and growing demand for eco-friendly alternatives. As consumers and industries seek to reduce plastic waste, biodegradable plastics offer a viable solution, particularly in sectors like packaging, agriculture, and consumer goods. This trend is further supported by government policies promoting sustainable practices and by advances in biodegradable technology, which make these materials more accessible and cost-effective. 

Cost of Goods Sold . Cost of goods sold decreased 1.6 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily as a result of lower raw material prices overall and the effect of cost containment measures. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales decreased to 60.3 during fiscal 2024 compared to 65.2 during fiscal 2023 due primarily to the lower raw material prices and the insourcing of various finished goods production. NTIC has taken certain actions to address inflationary pressures and pass on related cost increases to its customers and some improvements from these actions, as well as some improvements in gross margin, were realized during fiscal 2024. 

44

Equity in Income from Joint Ventures . NTIC s equity in income from joint ventures decreased 34.6 to 4,223,296 during fiscal 2024 compared to 6,452,719 during fiscal 2023 primarily due to a 1,986,027 one-time gain on the liquidation of a previously written-off investment in NTIC s former joint venture in China, Tianjin Zerust in fiscal 2023, as well as a decrease in net income at NTIC s joint venture in Germany. NTIC s equity in income from joint ventures fluctuates based on net sales and profitability of the joint ventures during the respective periods. Of the total equity in income from joint ventures, NTIC had equity in income from joint ventures of 2,299,274 attributable to EXCOR during fiscal 2024 compared to 2,852,229 in fiscal 2023. This decrease was due to a decrease in net sales by EXCOR compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to softer demand within the region related to higher energy prices, declines in the German automotive production and other regional economic pressures. NTIC had equity in income of all other joint ventures of 1,924,021 during fiscal 2024. 

Fees for Services Provided to Joint Ventures . NTIC recognized fee income for services provided to joint ventures of 5,251,782 during fiscal 2024 compared to 5,189,185 during fiscal 2023, representing an increase of 1.2 . Fee income for services provided to joint ventures is traditionally a function of the sales made by NTIC s joint ventures; however, at various joint ventures, the fee income for services is a fixed amount that does not fluctuate with the change in sales experienced by certain joint ventures, specifically EXCOR. Net sales at the joint ventures decreased 4.7 to 95,940,014 during fiscal 2024 compared to 100,682,316 during fiscal 2023. This decrease was primarily a result of decreased demand during fiscal 2024 at NTIC s joint venture in Germany primarily due to softer demand within the region, as described above. Net sales of NTIC s joint ventures are not included in NTIC s product sales and are not included in NTIC s consolidated financial statements. Of the total fee income for services provided to joint ventures, fees of 828,932 were attributable to EXCOR during fiscal 2024 compared to 816,089 attributable to EXCOR during fiscal 2023. 

Selling Expenses . NTIC s selling expenses increased 7.3 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in personnel expense in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. Selling expenses as a percentage of net sales increased to 19.3 for fiscal 2024 compared to 19.1 in fiscal 2023 primarily due to increased selling expenses, as noted above, and partially offset by increased net sales. 

General and Administrative Expenses . NTIC s general and administrative expenses increased 7.7 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to increased professional services and travel and personnel expenses during fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. As a percentage of net sales, general and administrative expenses increased to 16.7 for fiscal 2024 from 16.5 for fiscal 2023 primarily due to increased general and administrative expenses, as noted above, and partially offset by increased net sales. 

Research and Development Expenses . NTIC s research and development expenses decreased 3.3 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily because certain projects previously in the development phase have now progressed to commercialization. As these initiatives transition, costs shift from research and development to sales and marketing, reflecting our advancement toward bringing these innovations to market. 

Interest Income . NTIC s interest income increased to 118,827 in fiscal 2024 compared to 28,490 in fiscal 2023 primarily due to increases in the invested cash balances at certain subsidiaries. 

Interest Expense . NTIC s interest expense decreased to 340,129 in fiscal 2024 compared to 461,805 in fiscal 2023 primarily due to decreased outstanding average borrowings during fiscal 2024. 

Income Before Income Tax Expense . NTIC had income before income tax expense of 7,647,181 for fiscal 2024 compared to income before income tax expense of 5,587,331 for fiscal 2023. 

Income Tax Expense . Income tax expense was 1,325,797 during fiscal 2024 compared to 1,349,600 during fiscal 2023 for an effective tax rate of 17.3 and 24.2 during fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

NTIC considers the earnings of certain foreign joint ventures to be indefinitely invested outside the United States on the basis of estimates that NTIC s future domestic cash generation will be sufficient to meet future domestic cash needs. As a result, U.S. income and foreign withholding taxes have not been recognized on the cumulative undistributed earnings of 23,465,685 and 20,493,861 as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively. To the extent undistributed earnings of NTIC s joint ventures are distributed in the future, they are not expected to result in any material additional income tax liability after the application of foreign tax credits. 

45

Net Income Attributable to NTIC . Net income attributable to NTIC increased to 5,409,082, or 0.55 per diluted common share, for fiscal 2024 compared to 2,912,276, or 0.30 per diluted common share, for fiscal 2023. This increase was a primarily due to the increase in gross profit, partially offset by the decrease in income from our joint venture operations and increase in certain operating expenses. 

NTIC anticipates that its earnings will continue to be adversely affected to some extent by inflation and worldwide supply chain disruptions, among other factors. Additionally, NTIC anticipates that its quarterly net income will continue to remain subject to significant volatility primarily due to the financial performance of its subsidiaries and joint ventures, sales of its ZERUST products and services into the oil and gas industry, and sales of its Natur-Tec bioplastics products, which sales fluctuate more on a quarterly basis than the traditional ZERUST business. 

Other Comprehensive Income Foreign Currency Translations Adjustment . The changes in the foreign currency translations adjustment were due to the fluctuation of the U.S. dollar compared to the Euro and other foreign currencies during fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Sources of Cash and Working Capital 

NTIC s working capital, defined as current assets less current liabilities, was 23,682,276 as of August 31, 2024, including 4,952,184 in cash and cash equivalents, 4,291,608 outstanding under NTIC s line of credit and 2,820,835 outstanding under NTIC China s term loans, compared to 22,950,184 as of August 31, 2023, including 5,406,173 in cash and cash equivalents, 3,600,000 outstanding under NTIC s line of credit and 2,757,176 outstanding under NTIC China s term loans. 

NTIC believes that a combination of its existing cash and cash equivalents, available for sale securities, forecasted cash flows from future operations, anticipated distributions of earnings, anticipated fees to NTIC for services provided to its joint ventures, and funds available through existing or anticipated financing arrangements will be adequate to fund its existing operations, investments in new or existing joint ventures or subsidiaries, capital expenditures, debt repayments, cash dividends, and any stock repurchases for at least the next 12 months. In fiscal 2025, NTIC expects to continue to invest through its use of working capital in Zerust India, NTIC China, NTI Europe, its joint ventures, research and development, marketing efforts, resources for the application of its corrosion prevention technology in the oil and gas industry, and its Natur-Tec bio-plastics business, although the amounts of these various investments are not known at this time. 

NTIC also expects to use some of its capital resources to acquire remaining ownership interests of joint ventures not owned by NTIC as they become available or appropriate and for the formation of one or more new subsidiaries to assume the operations of a joint venture. Some of these joint venture transactions may materially impact NTIC s results of operations for a particular reporting period. 

NTIC traditionally has used the cash generated from its operations, distributions of earnings from joint ventures and fees for services provided to its joint ventures to fund NTIC s new technology investments and capital contributions to new and existing subsidiaries and joint ventures. NTIC s joint ventures traditionally have operated with little or no debt and have been self-financed with minimal initial capital investment and minimal additional capital investment from their respective owners. Therefore, NTIC believes there is limited exposure by NTIC s joint ventures that could materially impact their respective operations and/or liquidity. 

In order to take advantage of new product and market opportunities to expand its business and increase its revenues and assist with joint venture transitions, NTIC may decide to finance such opportunities by additional borrowings under its revolving line of credit or raising additional financing through the issuance of debt or equity securities. There is no assurance that any financing transaction will be available on terms acceptable to NTIC or at all or that any financing transaction will not be dilutive to NTIC s current stockholders. 

46

Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

On January 6, 2023, NTIC entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPM ), which provides NTIC with a senior secured revolving line of credit (the Credit Facility of up to 10.0 million, and replaced NTIC s prior loan agreement. The Credit Facility includes a 5.0 million sublimit for standby letters of credit. Borrowings of 4,291,608 were outstanding under the Credit Facility as of August 31, 2024. 

Unless terminated earlier, the Credit Facility, together with all accrued unpaid interest and other amounts owing thereunder, if any, will be payable in full on the maturity date. On January 5, 2024, NTIC and JPM renewed the Credit Agreement to extend the maturity date of the Credit Facility from January 6, 2024 to January 6, 2025. All other terms of the Credit Facility and the Credit Agreement remain the same. It is anticipated that the Credit Facility will be renewed each year for one additional year for the immediate foreseeable future. 

Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a floating rate, at the option of NTIC, equal to either the CB Floating Rate or the Adjusted SOFR Rate. The term CB Floating Rate means the greater of the Prime Rate in the United States or 2.50 . The term Adjusted SOFR Rate means the term secured overnight financing rate for either one, three or six months (depending on the interest period selected by NTIC) plus 0.10 per annum. With respect to any borrowings using an Adjusted SOFR Rate, there is an applicable margin of 2.15 applied per annum. There is no applicable margin with respect to borrowings using a CB Floating Rate. 

To secure the Credit Agreement, the Company assigned to JPM a continuing security interest in all of its right, title and interested in collateral made up for the assets of the Company. 

The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including, among other matters, limitations on NTIC s ability to incur additional debt, grant liens, engage in certain business operations and transactions, make certain investments, modify its organizational documents or form any new subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. Further, the Credit Agreement contains a negative covenant that restricts the ability of NTIC to redeem or repurchase its common stock or pay dividends if the result of which would cause an event of default under the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement also requires the Company to maintain a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of at least 1.25 to 1.00. The term Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means the ratio, computed for the NTIC on a consolidated basis, of net income plus income tax expense, plus amortization expense, plus depreciation expense, plus interest expense, and plus dividends received from joint ventures, minus unfinanced capital expenditures and equity in income from joint ventures, all computed for the twelve month period then ending, to scheduled principal payments made, plus scheduled finance lease payments made, plus interest expense paid, plus income tax expense paid, and plus cash distributions and dividends paid, all computed for the same twelve month period then ending. 

The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default, including, without limitation, payment defaults, material inaccuracy of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, bankruptcy and insolvency proceedings, cross-defaults to certain other agreements, breach of any financial covenant and change of control. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any event of default, JPM may accelerate the payment of the obligations thereunder and exercise various other customary default remedies. As of August 31, 2024, NTIC was in compliance with all debt covenants under the Credit Agreement. 

Other Credit Arrangements 

On each of April 10, 2023 and May 30, 2023, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary in China, NTIC China, entered into a loan agreement with China Construction Bank Corporation. Each term loan provided NTIC China with a RMB 10,000,000 (USD 1.45 million). The term loans mature in April 2025 and June 2025, respectively, unless extended. Both term loans have an annual interest rate of 3.25 with interest due monthly. Both term loans are secured by an office building owned by NTIC China and the loan agreements contain certain financial and other covenants. NTIC was in compliance with the covenants as of August 31, 2024. The current outstanding balance as of August 31, 2024 for both term loans is a total of USD 2,820,835. 

Uses of Cash and Cash Flow 

Net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2024 was 5,883,193, which resulted principally from NTIC s net income, dividends received from joint ventures, dividends receivable from joint venture, depreciation and amortization expense, stock-based compensation and changes in working capital, partially offset by equity in income from joint ventures, deferred income tax and an increase in trade receivables and inventories. Net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2023 was 5,541,219, which resulted principally from NTIC s net income, dividends received from joint ventures, depreciation and amortization expense, stock-based compensation and a decrease in inventory, partially offset by deferred income tax and equity in income from joint ventures and an increase in accounts receivable and a decrease in accounts payable. 

47

NTIC s cash flows from operations are impacted by significant changes in certain components of NTIC s working capital, including inventory turnover and changes in receivables and payables. NTIC considers internal and external factors when assessing the use of its available working capital, specifically when determining inventory levels and credit terms of customers. Key internal factors include existing inventory levels, stock reorder points, customer forecasts and customer requested payment terms. Key external factors include the availability of primary raw materials and sub-contractor production lead times. NTIC s typical contractual terms for trade receivables, excluding joint ventures, are traditionally 30 days and 90 days for trade receivables from its joint ventures. Before extending unsecured credit to customers, excluding NTIC s joint ventures, NTIC reviews customers credit histories and will establish an allowance for uncollectible accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers and other information. Accounts receivable over 30 days are considered past due for most customers. NTIC does not accrue interest on past due accounts receivable. If accounts receivables in excess of the provided allowance are determined uncollectible, they are charged to selling expense in the period that the determination is made. Accounts receivable are deemed uncollectible based on NTIC exhausting reasonable efforts to collect. NTIC s typical contractual terms for receivables for services provided to its joint ventures are 90 days. NTIC records receivables for services provided to its joint ventures on an accrual basis, unless circumstances exist that make the collection of the balance uncertain, in which case the fee income will be recorded on a cash basis until there is consistency in payments. This determination is handled on a case-by-case basis. 

NTIC experienced an increase in trade receivables and an increase in inventory as of August 31, 2024 compared to August 31, 2023. Trade receivables, excluding joint ventures, as of August 31, 2024 increased 3,152,937 compared to August 31, 2023, primarily related to a correlating increase in sales and timing differences. 

Outstanding trade receivables, excluding joint ventures balances, increased by an average of 3 days to an average of 83 days from balances outstanding from these customers as of August 31, 2024 from an average of 80 days as of August 31, 2023. 

Outstanding trade receivables from joint ventures as of August 31, 2024 increased 201,100 compared to August 31, 2023 primarily due to the timing of payments. Outstanding balances from trade receivables from joint ventures increased an average of 44 days to an average of 64 days from balances outstanding from these customers as of August 31, 2024 from an average of 20 days as of August 31, 2023. The average days outstanding of trade receivables from joint ventures as of August 31, 2024 were primarily due to the receivables balances at joint ventures in the United States, Japan and Thailand. 

Outstanding receivables for services provided to joint ventures as of August 31, 2024 decreased 61,578 compared to August 31, 2023, and the average days to pay decreased an average of 5 days to an average of 86 days from an average of 91 days as of August 31, 2023. 

Net cash used in investing activities during fiscal 2024 was 3,418,228, which was primarily the result of purchases of property and equipment and, to a lesser extent, investments in patents. Net cash used in investing activities during fiscal 2023 was 3,343,124, which was primarily the result of purchases of property and equipment and, to a lesser extent, investments in patents. 

Net cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2024 was 2,957,280, which resulted from dividends paid on NTIC common stock and dividends received by non-controlling interest and was partially offset by borrowings under the line of credit and proceeds from the exercise of stock options and NTIC s employee stock purchase plan. Net cash provided by financing activities for fiscal 2023 was 2,053,798, which resulted from borrowings under the term loan and proceeds from the exercise of stock options and NTIC s employee stock purchase plan, partially offset by repayments on the line of credit, dividends paid on NTIC common stock and dividends received by non-controlling interest. 

48

Stock Repurchase Program 

On January 15, 2015, NTIC s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 3,000,000 in shares of NTIC common stock through open market purchases or unsolicited or solicited privately negotiated transactions. This program has no expiration date but may be terminated by NTIC s Board of Directors at any time. As of August 31, 2024, up to 2,640,548 in shares of NTIC common stock remained available for repurchase under NTIC s stock repurchase program. No repurchases occurred during fiscal 2024 or fiscal 2023. 

Cash Dividends 

During fiscal 2024, NTIC s Board of Directors declared cash dividends on the following dates in the following amounts to holders of record of NTIC common stock as of the following record dates: 

Declaration Date 

Amount 

Record Date 

Payable Date 

October 18, 2023 

0.07 

November 1, 2023 

November 15, 2023 

January 17, 2024 

0.07 

January 31, 2024 

February 14, 2024 

April 17, 2024 

0.07 

May 1, 2024 

May 15, 2024 

July 17, 2024 

0.07 

July 31, 2024 

August 14, 2024 

The declaration of future dividends is not guaranteed and will be determined by NTIC s Board of Directors in light of conditions then existing, including NTIC s earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, restrictions in financing agreements, business conditions, and other factors. 

Capital Expenditures and Commitments 

NTIC spent 3,298,067 on capital expenditures during fiscal 2024, which related primarily to facility improvements to the warehouse facility NTIC purchased during fiscal 2023 and the installation of a new Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software system and associated equipment. NTIC expects to spend an aggregate of approximately 1,600,000 to 2,100,000 on capital expenditures during fiscal 2025, which it expects will relate primarily to the purchase of new equipment and facility improvements. 

Inflation and Seasonality 

Inflation in the United States and abroad historically has had minimal effect on NTIC and did not adversely affect NTIC s gross margins during fiscal 2024. NTIC believes there is some seasonality in its business. NTIC s net sales in the second fiscal quarter were adversely affected by the long Chinese New Year, the North American holiday season, and overall less corrosion taking place at lower winter temperatures worldwide. 

Market Risk 

NTIC is exposed to some market risk stemming from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates. 

Because the functional currency of NTIC s foreign operations and investments in its foreign joint ventures is the applicable local currency, NTIC is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk arising from transactions in the normal course of business. NTIC s principal exchange rate exposure is with the Euro, the Japanese Yen, the Indian Rupee, the Chinese Renminbi, the South Korean Won, and the English Pound against the U.S. Dollar. NTIC s fees for services provided to joint ventures and dividend distributions from these foreign entities are paid in foreign currencies and, thus, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could result in declines in NTIC s reported net income. Since NTIC s investments in its joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method, any changes in foreign currency exchange rates would be reflected as a foreign currency translation adjustment and would not change NTIC s equity in income from joint ventures reflected in its consolidated statements of operations. NTIC does not hedge against its foreign currency exchange rate risk. 

Some raw materials used in NTIC s products are exposed to commodity price changes. The primary commodity price exposures are with a variety of plastic and bioplastic resins. 

49

Any outstanding advances under NTIC s Credit Facility with JPM bear interest at a floating rate, at the option of NTIC, equal to either the CB Floating Rate or the Adjusted SOFR Rate, as defined above. Borrowings of 4,291,608 were outstanding under the Credit Facility as of August 31, 2024. 

Both term loans undertaken by NTIC China with China Construction Bank Corporation have an annual interest rate of 3.25 with interest due monthly. The current outstanding balance as of August 31, 2024 for both term loans is a total of USD 2,820,835. 

Related Party Transactions 

Since NTIC s joint ventures are considered related parties, NTIC recorded sales to its joint ventures as a separate line item on the face of NTIC s consolidated statements of operations and recorded fees for services provided to its joint ventures as separate line items on the face of NTIC s consolidated statements of operations. NTIC also records trade receivables from joint ventures, receivables for fees for services provided to joint ventures, and NTIC s investments in joint ventures as separate line items on its consolidated balance sheets. 

NTIC established its joint venture network approximately 30 years ago as a method to increase its worldwide distribution network for ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products and services. NTIC participates, either directly or indirectly, in 16 active joint venture arrangements in North America, Europe, and Asia. Each of these joint ventures generally manufactures and markets finished products in the geographic territory to which it is assigned. NTIC s joint venture partners are knowledgeable in the applicable environmental, labor, tax, and other requisite regulations and laws of the respective foreign countries in which they operate, as well as the local customs and business practices. NTIC s revenue recognition policy for sales to its joint ventures is the same as its policy for sales to unaffiliated customers. 

The fees for services provided to joint ventures are determined based on either a flat fee or a percentage of sales depending on local laws and tax regulations. With respect to NTIC s joint venture in Germany, EXCOR, NTIC recognizes an agreed upon quarterly fee for such services. NTIC records revenue related to fees for services provided to joint ventures when earned, amounts are determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. Under NTIC s agreements with its joint ventures, fee amounts are earned when product is shipped from joint venture facilities. NTIC reviews the financial situation of each joint venture to assist in the likelihood of collections on amounts earned. From time to time, NTIC elects to account for such fees on a cash basis for certain joint ventures when uncertainty exists surrounding the collections of such fees. There are no fees being accounted for in this manner at present. The expenses incurred in support of its joint ventures are direct expenses that NTIC incurs related to its joint ventures and include such items as employee compensation and benefit expenses, travel expense, insurance, consulting expense, legal expense, and lab supplies and testing expense. 

See Note 13 to NTIC s consolidated financial statements for other related party transaction disclosures. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of NTIC s consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The Securities and Exchange Commission has defined a company s most critical accounting policies as those that are most important to the portrayal of its financial condition and results of operations and those which require the company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on this definition, NTIC has identified the following critical accounting policies. Although NTIC believes that its estimates and assumptions are reasonable, they are based upon information available when they are made. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Principles of Consolidation 

NTIC evaluates its voting and variable interests in entities on a qualitative and quantitative basis. NTIC consolidates entities in which it concludes it has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact an entity s economic success and has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could be significant to the entity. All such relationships are evaluated on an ongoing basis. The consolidated financial statements included in this report include the accounts of Northern Technologies International Corporation, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Northern Technologies Holding Company, LLC, NTIC (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., NTIC Europe GmbH ZERUST-EXCOR MEXICO, S. de R.L. de C.V., and HNTI Limited, NTIC s majority-owned subsidiary in Brazil, Zerust Preven o de Corros o S.A., NTIC s majority-owned holding company, NTI Asean LLC, and NTIC s majority-owned subsidiary in India, Natur-Tec India Private Limited, Natur-Tec Lanka, Zerust Singapore Pte Ltd (Zerust Singapore), Zerust Vietnam Co. Ltd (Zerust Vietnam) and Zerust Taiwan Co. Ltd (Zerust Taiwan). NTIC s consolidated financial statements do not include the accounts of any of its joint ventures. 

50

Investments in Joint Ventures and Recoverability of Investments in Joint Ventures 

NTIC s investments in its joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method. NTIC assesses its joint ventures for impairment on an annual basis as of August 31 of each year as part of its fiscal year end analysis. In addition to the annual review for impairment, NTIC reviews the operating results of each joint venture on a quarterly basis in comparison to its historical operating results and its accrual for fees for services provided to joint ventures. If the operating results of a joint venture do not meet NTIC s financial performance expectations, an additional evaluation is performed on the joint venture. In addition to the annual assessments for impairment, non-periodic assessments for impairment may occur if cash remittances are less than accrued balances, a joint venture s management requests capital, or other events occur suggesting anything other than temporary decline in value. If an investment were determined to be impaired, then a reserve would be created to reflect the impairment on the financial results of NTIC. NTIC s evaluation of its investments in joint ventures requires NTIC to make assumptions about future cash flows of its joint ventures. These assumptions require significant judgment, and actual results may differ from assumed or estimated amounts. 

Investments at Carrying Value 

If NTIC is no longer able to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policy of a joint venture previously accounted for under the equity method, it maintains the investment at the carrying value as of the date that significant influence no longer exists and discontinues accruing the proportionate earnings or losses of the investment. 

Investments are considered to be impaired when a decline in fair value is judged to be other-than-temporary. Fair value is calculated based on publicly available market information or other estimates determined by management. NTIC employs a systematic methodology on a quarterly basis that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in evaluating potential impairment of its investments. If the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, NTIC evaluates, among other factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt instrument issuers, the duration and extent to which the fair value is less than cost, and for equity securities, its intent and ability to hold, or plans to sell, the investment. NTIC also considers specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of and business outlook for the investee, including industry and sector performance, changes in technology, and operational and financing cash flow factors. Once a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded to other income (expense), and a new cost basis in the investment is established. 

Revenue Recognition 

Revenue is measured based on consideration specified in the contract with a customer, adjusted for any applicable estimates of variable consideration and other factors affecting the transaction price, including noncash consideration, consideration paid or payable to customers, and significant financing components. While most of NTIC s revenue is contracted with customers through one-time purchase orders and short-term contracts, NTIC does have long-term arrangements with certain customers. Revenue from all customers is recognized when a performance obligation is satisfied by transferring control of a distinct good or service to a customer. The transaction price for NTIC s products is the invoiced amount. Revenue is recognized when transfer of control occurs as defined by the terms in the customer agreement, generally upon shipment of product. 

With respect to recording revenue related to fees earned for services provided to NTIC s joint ventures, amounts are earned when product is shipped from joint venture facilities, at which point a sale is deemed to have occurred and results in obligation for the joint venture to pay the royalty and recognition of the fee by NTIC. The support and services NTIC provides its joint ventures include consulting, travel, insurance, technical and marketing services to existing joint ventures, legal fees incurred in the establishment of new joint ventures, registration and promotion and legal defense of worldwide trademarks, and legal fees incurred in connection with the filing of patent applications based on licensing or other agreements with its joint ventures. NTIC receives fees for the services it provides to its joint ventures based primarily on the net sales by NTIC s joint ventures. The fees for support services received by NTIC from its joint ventures are generally determined based on either a flat fee or a percentage of net sales by NTIC s joint ventures depending on local laws and tax regulations. Under NTIC s agreements with its joint ventures, amounts are earned when product is shipped from joint venture facilities. NTIC reviews the financial situation of each of its joint ventures to assist in the likelihood of collections on amounts earned. NTIC elects to account for these fees on a cash basis for certain joint ventures when uncertainty exists surrounding the collections of such fees. 

51

Accounts Receivable 

Trade receivables arise from sales of NTIC s products and services to NTIC s joint ventures and to unaffiliated customers. Trade receivables from joint ventures arise from sales NTIC makes to its joint ventures of products and the essential additives required to make ZERUST industrial corrosion inhibiting products functional. Receivables for services to NTIC s joint ventures are contractually based primarily on a percentage of the sales of the joint ventures and are intended to compensate NTIC for services NTIC provides to its joint ventures, including consulting, legal, travel, insurance, technical, and marketing services. 

Payment terms for NTIC s unaffiliated customers are determined based on credit risk and vary by customer. NTIC typically offers standard payment terms of net 30 days to unaffiliated customers. Payment terms for NTIC s joint ventures also are determined based on credit risk; however, additional consideration is given to the individual joint venture due to the transportation time associated with ocean delivery of most products and certain other factors. NTIC typically offers payment terms to joint ventures of net 90 days. NTIC does not accrue interest on past due accounts receivable. NTIC reviews the credit histories of its customers, including its joint ventures, before extending unsecured credit. NTIC values accounts receivable net of an allowance for credit losses. Each quarter, NTIC prepares an analysis of its ability to collect outstanding receivables that provides a basis for an allowance estimate for credit losses. NTIC determines the allowance for credit losses based on historical information, changes in current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions. The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective (pool) basis when trade receivables share similar risk characteristics. Trade receivables that do share similar risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis and are also not included in the collective (pool) evaluation. 

Goodwill Impairment 

Goodwill represents the excess purchase price over the fair value of tangible net assets acquired in acquisitions after amounts have been allocated to intangible assets. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually (at August 31), or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Examples of such events or circumstances include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse change in legal or business climate, an adverse regulatory action or unanticipated competition. 

Recoverability of Long-Lived Assets 

NTIC reviews its long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable and determines potential impairment by comparing the carrying value of the assets with expected net cash flows expected to be provided by operating activities of the business or related products. If the sum of the expected undiscounted future net cash flows were less than the carrying value, NTIC would determine whether an impairment loss should be recognized. An impairment loss would be measured by comparing the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset. 

Foreign Currency Translation (Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss) 

The functional currency of each international joint venture and subsidiary is the applicable local currency. The translation of the applicable foreign currencies into U.S. dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using an average monthly exchange rate. Translation gains or losses are reported as an element of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 

NTIC (excluding NTIC China, Zerust Brazil, Natur-Tec India, Natur-Tec Lanka, NTI Asean, Zerust Singapore, Zerust Vietnam, Zerust Taiwan, Zerust Mexico, Zerust India, NTI Europe, and NTIC s joint ventures) conducts all foreign transactions based on the U.S. dollar. Since NTIC s investments in its joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method, any changes in foreign currency exchange rates would be reflected as a foreign currency translation adjustment and would not change the equity in income from joint ventures reflected in NTIC s consolidated statements of operations. 

52

Stock-Based Compensation 

NTIC recognizes compensation cost relating to share-based payment transactions, including grants of employee stock options and transactions under NTIC s employee stock purchase plan, in its consolidated financial statements. That cost is measured based on the fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. NTIC measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for stock options or other stock-based awards based on the grant-date fair value of the award and recognizes the cost over the period the employee is required to provide services for the award. 

Inventory Valuation 

NTIC s inventories consist primarily of production materials and finished goods. NTIC purchases production materials and finished goods based on forecasted demand and records inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined by the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. Management regularly assesses inventory valuation based on current and forecasted usage, demand and pricing, shelf life, customer inventory-related contractual obligations, and other considerations. If actual results differ from management estimates with respect to the actual or projected selling of inventories at amounts less than their carrying amounts, NTIC would adjust its inventory balances accordingly. 

Income Taxes 

NTIC utilizes the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 

NTIC records net deferred tax assets to the extent NTIC believes these assets will more likely than not be realized. In making such a determination, NTIC considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations, including the prior three-year history. In the event NTIC determines that it would be able to realize its deferred tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, NTIC makes an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which would reduce the provision for income taxes. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 2 to NTIC s consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 

Item 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

NTIC is exposed to some market risk stemming from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates. 

Because the functional currency of NTIC s foreign operations and investments in its foreign joint ventures is the applicable local currency, NTIC is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk arising from transactions in the normal course of business. NTIC s principal exchange rate exposure is with the Euro, the Japanese Yen, the Indian Rupee, the Chinese Renminbi, the South Korean Won, and the English Pound against the U.S. Dollar. NTIC s fees for services provided to joint ventures and dividend distributions from these foreign entities are paid in foreign currencies, and, thus, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could result in declines in NTIC s reported net income. Since NTIC s investments in its joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method, any changes in foreign currency exchange rates would be reflected as a foreign currency translation adjustment and would not change NTIC s equity in income from joint ventures reflected in its consolidated statements of operations. NTIC does not hedge against its foreign currency exchange rate risk. 

Some raw materials used in NTIC s products are exposed to commodity price changes. The primary commodity price exposures are with a variety of plastic resins. 

With respect to interest rate risk, any outstanding advances under NTIC s Credit Facility with JPM bear interest at a floating rate, at the option of NTIC, equal to either the CB Floating Rate or the Adjusted SOFR Rate, as defined above. Borrowings of 4,291,608 were outstanding under the Credit Facility as of August 31, 2024. Both term loans undertaken by NTIC China with China Construction Bank Corporation have an annual interest rate of 3.25 with interest due monthly. The current outstanding balance as of August 31, 2024 for both term loans is a total of USD 2,820,835. 

53

Item 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following items are included herein: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID # 

55 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 

56 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 

57 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 

58 

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 

59 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 

60 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

61 - 80 

54

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the shareholders and the board of directors of 

 Northern Technologies International Corporation and Subsidiaries: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Northern Technologies International Corporation and Subsidiaries (the "Company") as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended August 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended August 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2004. 

November 19, 2024 

55

NORTHERN TECHNOLOGIES INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 

 AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS - AUGUST 31, 2024 AND 2023 

August 31, 2024 

August 31, 2023 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Receivables: 

Trade excluding joint ventures, less allowance for credit losses of and as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Trade, joint ventures 

Fees for services provided to joint ventures 

Dividend receivable from joint venture 

Income taxes 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET 

OTHER ASSETS: 

Investments in joint ventures 

Deferred income tax, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Operating lease right of use assets 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Line of credit 

Term loan 

Accounts payable 

Income taxes payable 

Accrued liabilities: 

Payroll and related benefits 

Other 

Current portion of operating leases 

Total current liabilities 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES: 

Deferred income tax, net 

Operating leases, less current portion 

Total long-term liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 15) 

shares; none issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value per share; authorized shares; issued and outstanding and , respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Stockholders equity 

Non-controlling interests 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

56

NORTHERN TECHNOLOGIES INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 

 AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2024 AND 2023 

2024 

2023 

NET SALES: 

Net sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

JOINT VENTURE OPERATIONS: 

Equity in income from joint ventures 

Fees for services provided to joint ventures 

To Total joint venture operations 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Research and development expenses 

Total operating expenses 

OPERATING INCOME 

INTEREST INCOME 

INTEREST EXPENSE 

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE 

INCOME TAX EXPENSE 

NET INCOME 

NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS 

NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NTIC 

NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NTIC PER COMMON SHARE: 

Basic 

Diluted 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES 

ASSUMED OUTSTANDING: 

Basic 

Diluted 

CASH DIVIDENDS DECLARED PER COMMON SHARE 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

57

NORTHERN TECHNOLOGIES INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 

 AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2024 AND 2023 

2024 

2023 

NET INCOME 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOREIGN 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

LESS: COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NTIC 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

58

NORTHERN TECHNOLOGIES INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 

 AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 

 YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2024 AND 2023 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Non- 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Retained 

Comprehensive 

Controlling 

Total 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Earnings 

Loss 

Interests 

Equity 

BALANCE AT AUGUST 31, 2022 

Stock options exercised 

Stock issued for employee stock purchase plan 

Stock option expense 

Dividends paid to stockholders 

- 

- 

Dividend received by non-controlling interest 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss 

BALANCE AT AUGUST 31, 2023 

Stock options exercised 

Stock issued for employee stock purchase plan 

Stock option expense 

Dividends paid to stockholders 

- 

- 

Dividend received by non-controlling interest 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income 

BALANCE AT AUGUST 31, 2024 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

59

NORTHERN TECHNOLOGIES INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 

 AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2024 AND 2023 

2024 

2023 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization expense 

Loss on disposal of assets 

Change in allowance for credit losses 

Equity in income from joint ventures 

Dividends received from joint ventures 

Deferred income taxes 

Changes in current assets and liabilities: 

Receivables: 

Trade, excluding joint ventures 

Trade, joint ventures 

Fees for services provided to joint ventures 

Dividends receivable from joint venture 

Income taxes 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Accounts payable 

Income tax payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from the sale of available for sale securities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

Investments in patents 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Dividend received by non-controlling interest 

Repayments on the line of credit 

Proceeds from line of credit 

Proceeds from term loan 

Dividends paid on NTIC common stock 

Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net cash used in financing activities 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

60

NORTHERN TECHNOLOGIES INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 

 AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2024 AND 2023 

countries either directly or via a network of subsidiaries, joint ventures, independent distributors, and agents. The Company s primary business is corrosion prevention marketed mainly under the ZERUST brand. The Company has been selling its proprietary ZERUST products and services to the automotive, electronics, electrical, mechanical, military, and retail consumer markets for over 50 years and, more recently, has also expanded into the oil and gas industry. Additionally, the Company markets and sells a portfolio of proprietary bio-based and certified compostable (fully biodegradable) polymer resin compounds and finished products under the Natur-Tec brand. These sustainable packaging products are intended to reduce the Company s customers carbon footprint and provide environmentally sound waste disposal options. The Company s two operating and reportable segments are ZERUST and Natur-Tec . 

The Company participates, either directly or indirectly, in active joint venture arrangements in North America, Europe, and Asia. Each of these joint ventures generally manufactures and markets products in the geographic territory to which it is assigned. While most of the Company s joint ventures exclusively sell rust and corrosion inhibiting products, some of the joint ventures also sell the Company s Natur-Tec resin compounds and finished products. The profits of joint ventures are shared by the respective joint venture owners in accordance with their respective ownership percentages. The Company typically owns or less of its joint venture entities and does not control the decisions of these entities, including dividend declaration or amount in any given year. 

of Natur-Tec India, of Natur Tec Lanka, of Zerust Brazil, of NTI Asean, Zerust Singapore Pte Ltd, Zerust Vietnam Co Ltd and Zerust Taiwan Co Ltd. The remaining ownership of the consolidated entities are accounted for as non-controlling interests and reported as part of equity in the consolidated financial statements. The Company allocates gains and losses to the non-controlling interest even when such allocation results in a deficit balance, reducing the losses attributed to the controlling interest. Changes in ownership interests are treated as equity transactions if the Company maintains control. 

Generally, the Company s performance obligations are satisfied when the customers take possession of the products, which normally occurs at the shipping point or destination depending on the terms of the contracts. The Company s services are generally sold based upon quotes or contracts with customers that include a fixed or determinable price, and sales arrangements do not contain any significant financing component for its customers. The Company does not recognize revenue related to product warranties, nor does the Company incur significant contract costs. Customer arrangements do not generate contract assets or liabilities. 

Revenue Recognition Revenue is measured based on consideration specified in the contract with a customer, adjusted for any applicable estimates of variable consideration and other factors affecting the transaction price, including noncash consideration, consideration paid or payable to customers, and significant financing components. Revenue from all customers is recognized when a performance obligation is satisfied by transferring control of a distinct good or service to a customer. 

Individually promised goods and services in a contract are considered a distinct performance obligation and accounted for separately if the customer can benefit from the individual good or service on its own or with other resources that are readily available to the customer and the good or service is separately identifiable from other promises in the arrangement. When an arrangement includes multiple performance obligations, the consideration is allocated between the performance obligations in proportion to their estimated standalone selling price. Costs related to products delivered are recognized in the period incurred, unless criteria for capitalization of costs are met. Costs of revenues consist primarily of direct labor, manufacturing overhead, materials, and components. The Company does not incur significant upfront costs to obtain a contract. If costs to obtain a contract were to become material, the costs would be recorded as an asset and amortized to expense in a manner consistent with the related recognition of revenue. 

The Company excludes government assessed and imposed taxes on revenue generating transactions that are invoiced to customers from revenue. The Company includes freight billed to customers in revenue. Shipping and handling costs associated with outbound freight after control over a product has transferred to a customer are accounted for as a fulfillment cost and are included in cost of goods sold. 

The timing of revenue recognition, billing, and cash collections results in accounts receivable on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Performance Obligations A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer. A contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation in proportion to its standalone selling price and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. The Company s various performance obligations and the timing or method of revenue recognition are discussed below. The Company s technical service consultants work directly with the end users of NTIC s ZERUST rust and corrosion inhibiting products to analyze their specific needs and develop systems to meet their performance requirements. 

The Company sells its products to both distributors and end-users. Each unit of product delivered under a customer order represents a distinct and separate performance obligation, as the customer can benefit from each unit on its own or with other resources that are readily available to the customer, and each unit of product is separately identifiable from other products in the arrangement. 

The transaction price for the Company s products is the invoiced amount. The Company does not have variable consideration in the form of refunds, credits, rebates, price concessions, pricing incentives, or other items impacting transaction price. The purchase order pricing in arrangements with customers is deemed to approximate standalone selling price; therefore, the Company does not need to allocate proceeds on a relative standalone selling price allocation between performance obligations. The Company applies the practical expedient in paragraph 606-10-50-14 and does not disclose information about remaining performance obligations that have original expected durations of one year or less. There are no material obligations that extend beyond one year. 

Revenue is recognized when transfer of control occurs, as defined by the terms in the customer agreement. The Company immediately recognizes incidental items that are immaterial in the context of the contract. The Company has applied the practical expedient in paragraph 606-10-25-16A and does not assess if immaterial items are promised goods or services. The Company has also applied the practical expedient in paragraph 606-10-32-18 regarding the adjustment of the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component when the customer pays for that good or service within one year or less, as the Company does not have any significant financing components in its customer arrangements since payment is received at or shortly after the point of sale, generally 30 to 90 days. 

The Company estimates returns based on an analysis of historical experience if the right to return products is granted to its customers. The Company does not record a return asset, as non-conforming products are generally not returned. The Company s return policy does not vary by geography. The customer has no rotation or price protection rights, and the Company is not under a warranty obligation. 

Sales Commissions Sales commissions paid to sales representatives are eligible for capitalization, as they are incremental costs that would not have been incurred without entering into a specific sales arrangement and are recoverable through the expected margin on the transaction. The Company has elected to apply the practical expedient provided by ASC 340-40-25-4 and recognize the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when incurred, as the amortization period of the assets that would have otherwise been recognized is one year or less. The Company records these costs as a selling expense. 

Product Warranty The Company offers warranties on various products and services. These warranties are assurance type warranties that are not sold on a standalone basis; therefore, they are not considered distinct performance obligations. The Company estimates the costs that may be incurred under its warranties and records a liability in the amount of such costs at the time the revenue is recognized for the product sale. 

International Revenue The Company markets its products to numerous countries in North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia, and other parts of the world. See Note 11, Segment and Geographic Information, for information regarding revenue disaggregation by geography. 

and , respectively. The Company has elected to account for the credit as a government grant. U.S. GAAP does not include grant accounting guidance for for-profit entities; therefore, the Company has elected to follow the grant accounting model in International Accounting Standard (IAS) 20, Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance. In accordance with IAS 20, the Company cannot recognize any income from the grant until there is reasonable assurance (similar to the probable threshold in U.S. GAAP) that any conditions attached to the grant will be met and that the grant will be received. Once it is reasonably assured that the grant conditions will be met and that the grant will be received, grant income is recorded on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Company recognizes the payroll expenses for which the grant is intended to compensate. No income was recognized in fiscal 2024 for the ERC. Income from the grant can be presented as either other income or as a reduction in the expenses for which the grant was intended to compensate. 

and in the fiscal years ending August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

- years 

Machinery and equipment 
			 - years 

Investments are considered to be impaired when a decline in fair value is judged to be other-than-temporary. Fair value is calculated based on publicly available market information or other estimates determined by management. The Company employs a systematic methodology on a quarterly basis that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in evaluating potential impairment of our investments. If the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, the Company evaluates, among other factors, general market conditions, credit quality, the duration and extent to which the fair value is less than cost, and for equity securities, the Company s intent and ability to hold, or plans to sell, the investment. The Company also considers specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of and business outlook for the investee, including industry and sector performance, changes in technology, and operational and financing cash flow factors. Once a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded to other income (expense), and a new cost basis in the investment is established. The Company determined that there was no impairment of investments in joint ventures as of August 31, 2024. 

years and customer relationships to be years. This estimate is based on a combination of factors, including the expected duration of patent protection, technological obsolescence, and market conditions. Amortization of intangible assets is recorded using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives. 

Finished goods 

Buildings and improvements 

Construction in process 

Machinery and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

On February 28, 2023, the Company purchased the property immediately adjacent to NTIC s headquarters in Circle Pines, Minnesota, which includes a square foot industrial building, for . The building will be used primarily for warehousing space and light industrial production. Depreciation expense was for fiscal 2024 compared to in fiscal 2023. 

Customer relationships 

Total intangible assets, net 

Customer relationships 

Total intangible assets, net 

Amortization expense related to intangible assets was for fiscal 2024 compared to for fiscal 2023. 

As of August 31, 2024, future amortization expense related to intangible assets for each of the next five fiscal years and thereafter is estimated as follows: 

Fiscal 2026 

Fiscal 2027 

Fiscal 2028 

Fiscal 2029 

Thereafter 

Total 

Total assets 

Current liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities 

Joint ventures equity 

NTIC s share of joint ventures equity 

NTIC s share of joint ventures undistributed earnings 

Gross profit 

Net income 

NTIC s share of equity in 

			 income of joint ventures 

NTIC s dividends received from joint ventures 

Total assets 

Current liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities 

Joint ventures equity 

NTIC s share of joint ventures equity 

NTIC s share of joint ventures undistributed earnings 

Gross profit 

Net income 

NTIC s share of equity in income of joint ventures 

NTIC s dividends received from joint ventures 

In August 2023, Tianjin Zerust (NTI ASEAN s previously written-off joint venture in China) was deregistered and the remaining cash was cleared by the Chinese authorities to be paid out to shareholders. Subsequent to August 31, 2023, NTI Asean received a final liquidation of its ownership interest in the former joint venture of . This one-time equity gain on the liquidation of previously written-off investment in Tianjin Zerust is included in joint venture operations in fiscal 2023. The final liquidation payment was subject to withholding tax of and minority income of as NTIC owns of NTI ASEAN. The transaction also resulted in legal fees of , and a management bonus expense of . 

million, which includes a million sublimit for standby letters of credit. Borrowings of under the new Credit Agreement were outstanding August 31, 2024. Borrowings of were outstanding as of August 31, 2023 under the previous credit agreement. 

Unless terminated earlier, the principal amount under the Credit Facility, together with all accrued unpaid interest and other amounts owing thereunder, if any, will be payable in full on the maturity date. On January 5, 2024, the Company and JPM renewed its Credit Agreement to extend the maturity date of the Credit Facility from January 6, 2024 to January 6, 2025. All other terms of the Credit Facility and the Credit Agreement remain the same. 

Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a floating rate, at the option of the Company, equal to either the CB Floating Rate or the Adjusted SOFR Rate. The term CB Floating Rate means the greater of the Prime Rate in the United States or . The term Adjusted SOFR Rate means the term secured overnight financing rate for either one, three or six months (depending on the interest period selected by the Company) plus per annum. With respect to any borrowings using an Adjusted SOFR Rate, there is an applicable margin of applied per annum. There is no applicable margin with respect to borrowings using a CB Floating Rate. The weighted average interest rate was and for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

To secure the Credit Agreement, the Company assigned JPM a continuing security interest in all of its right, title and interested in collateral made up for the assets of the Company. 

The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including, among other matters, limitations on the Company s ability to incur additional debt, grant liens, engage in certain business operations and transactions, make certain investments, modify its organizational documents or form any new subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. Further, the Credit Agreement contains a negative covenant that restricts the ability of the Company to redeem or repurchase its common stock or pay dividends if the result of which would cause an event of default under the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement also requires the Company to maintain a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of at least to 1.00. The term Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means the ratio, computed for the Company on a consolidated basis, of net income plus income tax expense, plus amortization expense, plus depreciation expense, plus interest expense, and plus dividends received from joint ventures, minus unfinanced capital expenditures and equity in income from joint ventures, all computed for the twelve month period then ending, to scheduled principal payments made, plus scheduled finance lease payments made, plus interest expense paid, plus income tax expense paid, and plus cash distributions and dividends paid, all computed for the same twelve month period then ending. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of August 31, 2024 and 2023. 

The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default, including, without limitation, payment defaults, material inaccuracy of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, bankruptcy and insolvency proceedings, cross-defaults to certain other agreements, breach of any financial covenant and change of control. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any event of default, JPM may accelerate the payment of the obligations thereunder and exercise various other customary default remedies. 

In accordance with ASC Topic No. 470, Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Topic 470), the transactions noted above were determined to be a modification of the existing debt. 

On each of April 10, 2023 and May 30, 2023, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary in China, NTIC China, entered into a loan agreement with China Construction Bank Corporation. Each term loan provided NTIC China with a RMB (USD million). The term loans mature in April 2025 and June 2025, respectively, unless extended. Both term loans have an annual interest rate of with interest due monthly. Both term loans are secured by an office building owned by NTIC China and the loan agreements contain certain financial and other covenants. The Company was in compliance with the covenants as of August 31, 2024. The current outstanding balance as of August 31, 2024 for both term loans was a total of USD . 

During fiscal 2023, NTIC s Board of Directors declared cash dividends on the following dates in the following amounts to holders of record of NTIC common stock as of the following record dates: 

During fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, the Company repurchased no shares of its common stock. 

During fiscal 2024, the Company granted stock options under the Northern Technologies International Corporation 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended, the 2019 Plan) and the Northern Technologies International Corporation 2024 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2024 Plan) to purchase an aggregate of shares of its common stock to various employees and directors. The weighted average per share exercise price of the stock options is . The exercise price of the stock options is equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. During fiscal 2024, stock options to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock were exercised at a weighted average exercise price of per share, resulting in the net issuance of shares of common stock since some of the options were exercised on a net cashless exercise basis. 

During fiscal 2023, the Company granted stock options under the 2019 Plan to purchase an aggregate of shares of its common stock to various employees and directors. The weighted average per share exercise price of the stock options is . The exercise price of the stock options is equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. During fiscal 2023, stock options to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock were exercised at a weighted average exercise price of per share, resulting in the net issuance of shares of common stock since some of the options were exercised on a net cashless exercise basis. 

The Company issued and shares of common stock on September 1, 2023 and 2022, respectively, under the Northern Technologies International Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). The Company issued and shares of common stock on March 1, 2024 and 2023, respectively, under the ESPP. The ESPP is compensatory for financial reporting purposes. As of August 31, 2024, shares of common stock remained available for sale under the ESPP. 

Denominator: 

Basic-weighted shares outstanding 

Weighted shares assumed upon exercise of stock options 

Diluted weighted shares outstanding 

Basic net income per share: 

Diluted net income per share: 

The dilutive impact summarized above relates to the periods when the average market price of the Company s common stock exceeded the exercise price of the potentially dilutive option securities granted. Net income per common share was based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the periods when computing the basic net income per share. When dilutive, stock options are included as equivalents using the treasury stock market method when computing the diluted net income per share. Excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share as of August 31, 2024 were options outstanding to purchase shares of common stock. Excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share as of August 31, 2023 were options outstanding to purchase shares of common stock. 

shares of the Company s common stock; plus (ii) the number of shares of the Company s common stock remaining available for issuance under the 2019 Plan but not subject to outstanding awards under the 2019 Plan as of January 19, 2024; plus (iii) the number of additional shares of the Company s common stock subject to awards outstanding under the 2019 Plan as of January 19, 2024 but only to the extent that such outstanding awards are forfeited, cancelled, expire, or otherwise terminate without the issuance of such shares of the Company s common stock after January 19, 2024. Options granted generally have a term of ten years and become exercisable over a one - or three - year period beginning on the one-year anniversary of the date of grant. Options are granted at per share exercise prices equal to the market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. The Company issues new shares upon the exercise of options. As of August 31, 2024, options to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock were outstanding under the 2024 Plan and shares of the Company s common stock remain available for grant under the 2024 Plan. As of August 31, 2024, options to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock were outstanding under the 2019 Plan, and shares of the Company s common stock were outstanding under the 2007 Plan. 

The Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of and shares of its common stock during fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. The fair value of option grants is determined at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the assumptions listed below. The Company recognized compensation expense of during fiscal 2024 and compensation expense of during fiscal 2023 related to the options that vested during such time period. As of August 31, 2024, the total compensation cost for non-vested options not yet recognized in the Company s consolidated statements of operations was . Stock-based compensation expense of is expected during fiscal 2025 and is expected to be recognized during fiscal 2026, based on outstanding options as of August 31, 2024. Future option grants will impact the compensation expense recognized. Stock-based compensation expense is included in general and administrative expense on the consolidated statements of operations. 

The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions and results for the grants: 

Expected volatility 

Expected life of option (years) 

10 

Weighted average risk-free interest rate 

Stock option activity during the periods indicated was as follows: 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options terminated 

Outstanding at August 31, 2023 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options terminated 

Outstanding at August 31, 2024 

Exercisable at August 31, 2024 

The weighted average per share fair value of options granted during fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 was and , respectively. The weighted average remaining contractual life of the options outstanding as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 was years and years, respectively. 

The following tables present the Company s business segment information: 

Natur-Tec net sales 

Total net sales 

The following table sets forth the Company s cost of goods sold by segment: 

Natur-Tec 

Indirect cost of goods sold 

Total net cost of goods sold 

The Company utilizes product net sales and direct and indirect cost of goods sold for each product in reviewing the financial performance of a product type. Further allocation of Company expenses or assets, aside from amounts presented in the tables above, is not utilized in evaluating product performance, nor does such allocation occur for internal financial reporting. 

Sales to the Company s joint ventures are included in the foregoing geographic and segment information, however, sales by the Company s joint ventures to other parties are not included. The foregoing geographic and segment information represents only sales and cost of goods sold recognized directly by the Company. 

All joint venture operations, including equity in income, fees for services, and related dividends, are related to ZERUST products and services. 

Geographic Information 

Net sales by geographic location for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 were as follows: 

Outside the U.S. to: 

Joint ventures in which the Company is a shareholder directly and indirectly 

Unaffiliated customers 

Net sales by geographic location are based on the location of the customer. 

Fees for services provided to joint ventures by geographic location as a percentage of total fees for services provided to joint ventures during fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively, were as follows: 

Germany 

Japan 

France 

Sweden 

Finland 

United Kingdom 

Czech Republic 

Thailand 

South Korea 

Indonesia 

Other 

Sales to the Company s joint ventures are included in the foregoing segment and geographic information; however, sales by the Company s joint ventures to other parties are not included. The foregoing segment and geographic information represents only sales recognized directly by the Company and sold in that geographic territory. 

See Note 6 for additional details on geographical information regarding equity in income from joint ventures. 

The geographical distribution of total property and equipment and net sales, which are based on the geographical location of the customer, is as follows: 

Other 

United States 

Total property and equipment 

Brazil 

India 

Other 

United States 

Total net sales 

Long-lived assets consist of property and equipment. These assets are periodically reviewed to assure the net realizable value from the estimated future production based on forecasted sales exceeds the carrying value of the assets. 

Sales to the Company s joint ventures are included in the foregoing segment and geographic information; however, sales by the Company s joint ventures to other parties are not included. The foregoing segment and geographic information represents only sales recognized directly by the Company and sold in that geographic territory. 

All joint venture operations, including equity in income, fees for services and related dividends, are primarily related to ZERUST products and services. 

of their salaries. The Company typically contributes the lesser of of the participant s contributions or of the employee s salary. The Company recognized expense for the savings plan of and for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. 

to Bioplastic Polymers LLC, an entity owned by Ramani Narayan, Ph.D., a director of the Company. Dr. Narayan provides certain consulting services to the Company relating to the Natur-Tec business and bioplastics program. 

State 

Foreign 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Reconciliations of the expected federal income tax at the statutory rate of with the provisions for income taxes for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 were approximately as follows: 

State income tax, net of federal benefit 

Tax effect on equity in income of international joint ventures 

Tax effect of foreign operations 

Deemed repatriation 

Foreign tax credit 

Research and development credit 

Valuation allowance 

Stock based compensation 

Non-controlling interest 

Prior year true-up 

Other 

The Company has not provided U.S. income taxes or foreign withholding taxes with respect to its portion of the cumulative undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries and joint ventures that are essentially permanent in duration. As a result of the 2017 tax law changes, U.S. federal income taxes on dividends received from the Company s foreign subsidiaries and joint ventures after December 31, 2017 have been generally eliminated. However, the Company continues to be subject to foreign withholding taxes upon repatriation of any undistributed earnings that are not essentially permanent in duration. The Company recorded a tax benefit of approximately in fiscal 2024 and tax expense of approximately during fiscal 2023, representing changes in the deferred tax liability for foreign withholding taxes to be paid with respect to the portion of the cumulative undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries and joint ventures that the Company determined were not essentially permanent in duration. 

The Company measures deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates that will apply in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or paid. The tax effect of the temporary differences and tax carryforwards comprising the net deferred taxes shown on the consolidated balance sheets as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 was approximately as follows: 

Foreign tax credit carryforward 

Capitalized research and experimentation 

Other credit and loss carryforward 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets after valuation allowance 

Right-of-use asset 

Intangible assets 

Unremitted foreign earnings 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

As of August 31, 2024, the Company has foreign tax credit carryforwards of . This amount begins to expire to the extent not utilized by August 31, 2025. In addition, the Company had federal and state tax credit carryforwards of as of August 31, 2024, which begin to expire in fiscal 2025. These federal and state tax credit carryforwards consist primarily of federal and Minnesota research and development credit carryforwards. The Company also has a deferred tax asset of for federal net operating loss carryforwards and for state net operating loss carryforwards as of August 31, 2024. The federal net operating loss carryforward has an indefinite carryforward period. The state net operating loss carryforward will begin to expire to the extent not utilized by August 31, 2025. The Company has a deferred tax asset of for foreign net operating loss carryforwards, which will begin to expire to the extent not utilized by August 31, 2033. 

The Company records a tax valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of its deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

The Company determined based on all available evidence, including historical data and projections of future results, that it is more likely than not that its domestic deferred tax assets will not be realized due to the absence of objectively verifiable sources of taxable income. On the basis of this evaluation, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance of and as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, to recognize only the portion of the deferred tax assets that is more likely than not to be realized. The net deferred tax asset as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 relates entirely to non-US deferred tax assets which are expected to be realized offset by deferred tax liability for withholding tax on cumulative undistributed earnings in foreign subsidiaries and joint ventures that the Company determined were not essentially permanent. The change in the valuation allowance totaled an increase of and for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

The following is a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of approximated unrecognized tax benefits: 

Gross (decreases) increases prior period tax positions 

Gross increases current period tax positions 

Gross unrecognized tax benefits ending balance 

The entire amount of unrecognized tax benefits would affect the effective tax rate if recognized. It is not expected that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change significantly in the next 12 months. 

The Company recognizes interest related to unrecognized tax benefits and penalties as income tax expense. Accrued interest and penalties are included within the related tax liability line in the consolidated balance sheet. There was no liability for the payment of interest and penalties as of both August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023. 

The Company is subject to taxation in the United States and various states and foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, as of August 31, 2024, the Company is no longer subject to federal, state, local, or foreign examinations by tax authorities for years prior to August 31, 2021. 

Current portion of lease liability 

Lease liability, less current portion 

Total lease liability 

The weighted-average remaining lease term was years and years as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company s lease agreements do not provide a readily determinable implicit rate nor is it available to the Company from its lessors. Instead, as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company estimates the weighted-average discount rate for its operating leases to be and , respectively, to present value based on the incremental borrowing rate. 

Future minimum payments as of August 31, 2024 under these long-term operating leases are as follows (in thousands): 

Fiscal 2026 

Fiscal 2027 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less amount representing interest 

Present value of obligations under operating leases 

Less current portion 

Long-term operating lease obligations 

Operating lease cost under these leases was approximately and as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Annual Bonus Plan 

On August 26, 2024, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company approved the material terms of an annual bonus plan for the Company s executive officers as well as certain officers and employees for the fiscal year ending August 31, 2025. For fiscal 2025, as in past years, the total amount available under the bonus plan for all plan participants, including executive officers, is dependent upon the Company s earnings before interest, taxes, and other income (EBITOI), as adjusted to take into account amounts to be paid under the bonus plan and certain other adjustments (Adjusted EBITOI). Each plan participant s percentage of the overall bonus pool is based upon the number of plan participants, the individual s annual base salary, and the individual s position and level of responsibility within the Company. In the case of each of the Company s executive officer participants, of the amount of their individual bonus payout will be determined based upon the Company s actual EBITOI for fiscal 2025 compared to a pre-established target EBITOI for fiscal 2025, and of the payout will be determined based upon such executive officer s achievement of certain pre-established individual performance objectives. The payment of bonuses under the plan is discretionary, and bonuses may be paid to executive officer participants in both cash and shares of the Company s common stock, the exact amount and percentages of which are determined by the Company s Board of Directors, upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee, after the completion of the Company s consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2025. 

On August 28, 2023, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company approved the material terms of an annual bonus plan for the Company s executive officers as well as certain officers and employees for the fiscal year ending August 31, 2024. was recognized for bonuses for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, of the bonus is comprised of stock options granted to management on September 1, 2023 that will be expensed over three years and will be paid out in cash and profit sharing subsequent to year end. This is compared to recognized for bonuses for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, of the bonus comprised of stock options granted to management on September 1, 2022 and was paid out in cash and profit sharing subsequent to year end. 

Concentrations 

Three joint ventures (consisting of the Company s joint ventures in the U.S., Japan and Thailand) accounted for of the Company s trade joint venture receivables as of August 31, 2024, and two joint ventures (consisting of the Company s joint ventures in the United States and South Korea) accounted for of the Company s trade joint venture receivables as of August 31, 2023. 

Legal Matters 

From time to time, the Company is subject to various other claims and legal actions in the ordinary course of its business. The Company records a liability in its consolidated financial statements for costs related to claims, including future legal costs, settlements and judgments, where the Company has assessed that a loss is probable and an amount could be reasonably estimated. If the reasonable estimate of a probable loss is a range, the Company records the most probable estimate of the loss or the minimum amount when no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount. The Company discloses a contingent liability even if the liability is not probable or the amount is not estimable, or both, if there is a reasonable possibility that material loss may have been incurred. In the opinion of management, as of August 31, 2024, the amount of liability, if any, with respect to these matters, individually or in the aggregate, will not materially affect the Company s consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 

Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified for consistency with the current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the reported results of operations. An adjustment has been made to the Consolidated Balance Sheet and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for fiscal year ended August 31, 2023 to reclassify tax receivables and tax payables. 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for operating leases 

per share of the Company s common stock, payable on to stockholders of record on . The declaration of future dividends is not guaranteed and will be determined by the Company s Board of Directors in light of conditions then existing, including the Company s earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, restrictions in financing agreements, business conditions, and other factors. 

Item 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

Item 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

NTIC maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by NTIC in the reports it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to NTIC s management, including NTIC s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. NTIC s management evaluated, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of NTIC s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered in this report. Based on that evaluation, NTIC s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that NTIC s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of such period to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that NTIC files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to NTIC s management, including NTIC s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Material Weakness Remediation Activities 

In connection with management s assessment of controls over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, NTIC determined that it had not appropriately accounted for employee retention credits that were available to NTIC under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act which required the restatement of its previously issued consolidated financial statements for the three and six months ended February 28, 2023 and three and nine months ended May 31, 2023. This control deficiency resulted in the restatement of NTIC s consolidated financial statements for the three and six months ended February 28, 2023 and the three and nine months ended May 31, 2023. Accordingly, management determined that this control deficiency constituted a material weakness in NTIC s internal control over financial reporting. To remediate this material weakness, NTIC implemented a new internal control designed to address the accounting for all material unusual or complex transactions as they occur. 
 
 Remediation of Material Weaknesses 

During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024, NTIC tested its new internal control over financial reporting related to its remediation efforts described above that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. Based on the actions taken, as well as the evaluation of the design, implementation, and operating effectiveness of the new control, NTIC determined that the material weakness have been remediated as of August 31, 2024. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

NTIC s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), for Northern Technologies International Corporation and its subsidiaries. This system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

NTIC s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

81

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements, and even when determined to be effective, can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. In addition, projection of any evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods is subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management, with the participation of NTIC s President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024. In making this evaluation, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of August 31, 2024. 

This report does not include an attestation report of NTIC s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by NTIC s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit NTIC to provide only management s report in this report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Except for the changes described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) during the quarter ended August 31, 2024, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

82

PART III 

Item 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors 

The information in the Proposal One Election of Directors section of NTIC s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to NTIC s next annual meeting of stockholders, which involves the election of directors, is incorporated in this annual report on Form 10-K by reference. 

Executive Officers 

Information concerning NTIC s executive officers and officers is included in this annual report on Form 10-K under Part I under the heading Information about our Executive Officers. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

The information in the Stock Ownership Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports section of NTIC s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to NTIC s next annual meeting of stockholders, which involves the election of directors, is incorporated in this annual report on Form 10-K by reference. 

Code of Ethics 

NTIC has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, or controller or persons performing similar functions, as well as other employees and NTIC s directors and meets the requirements of the SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market. A copy of NTIC s Code of Ethics is filed as an exhibit to this report. NTIC intends to satisfy the disclosure requirements of Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendments to or waivers from any provision of its code of ethics by posting such information on its corporate website at www.ntic.com. 

Changes to Nomination Procedures 

During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, there were no material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to NTIC s Board of Directors, as described in NTIC s most recent proxy statement. 

Audit Committee Matters 

The information in the Corporate Governance Audit Committee section of NTIC s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to NTIC s next annual meeting of stockholders, which involves the election of directors, is incorporated in this annual report on Form 10-K by reference. 

Item 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information in the Director Compensation and Executive Compensation sections of NTIC s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to NTIC s next annual meeting of stockholders, which involves the election of directors, is incorporated in this annual report on Form 10-K by reference. 

Item 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Stock Ownership 

The information in the Stock Ownership Beneficial Ownership of Significant Stockholders and Management section of NTIC s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to NTIC s next annual meeting of stockholders, which involves the election of directors, is incorporated in this annual report on Form 10-K by reference. 

83

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table summarizes outstanding options and other awards under NTIC s equity compensation plans as of August 31, 2024. NTIC s equity compensation plans as of August 31, 2024 were the Northern Technologies International Corporation 2024 Stock Incentive Plan, the Northern Technologies International Corporation Amended and Restated 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, the Northern Technologies International Corporation Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, and the Northern Technologies International Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Except for automatic annual grants of 50,000 in options to purchase shares of NTIC common stock (or, at the election of each director of NTIC, restricted stock units) to NTIC s directors in consideration for their services as directors of NTIC and an automatic annual grant of 10,000 in options to purchase shares of NTIC common stock (of, at the election of NTIC s Chair of the Board, restricted stock units) to NTIC s Chair of the Board in consideration for his services as Chair, in each case on the first day of each fiscal year, and automatic initial pro rata grants of 50,000 in options to purchase shares of NTIC common stock (or, at the election of each new director of NTIC, restricted stock units) to NTIC s new directors in consideration for their services as directors of NTIC on the first date of their appointment as directors, options, restricted stock units and other awards granted in the future under the Northern Technologies International Corporation 2024 Stock Incentive Plan are within the discretion of the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors and, therefore, cannot be ascertained at this time. No future grants of options or other stock awards will be made under the Northern Technologies International Corporation Amended and Restated 2019 Stock Incentive Plan or the Northern Technologies International Corporation Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Plan Category 

Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

1,752,665 (1)(2) 

11.47 

1,012,313 (3) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

1,752,665 (1)(2) 

11.47 

1,012,313 (3) 

______________________ 

(1) 

Amount includes 365,250 shares of NTIC common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding as of August 31, 2024 under the Northern Technologies International Corporation Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, 1,387,415 shares of NTIC common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding as of August 31, 2024 under the Northern Technologies International Corporation Amended and Restated 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, and 0 shares of NTIC common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and the vesting of restricted stock units outstanding as of August 31, 2024 under the Northern Technologies International Corporation 2024 Stock Incentive Plan. 

(2) 

Excludes employee stock purchase rights accruing under the Northern Technologies International Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Under such plan, each eligible employee may purchase up to 2,000 shares of NTIC common stock at semi-annual intervals on February 28th or 29th (as the case may be) and August 31st each year at a purchase price per share equal to 90 of the lower of (i) the closing sales price per share of NTIC common stock on the first day of the offering period or (ii) the closing sales price per share of NTIC common stock on the last day of the offering period. 

(3) 

Amount includes 957,059 shares available as of August 31, 2024 for future issuance under Northern Technologies International Corporation 2024 Stock Incentive Plan and 55,254 shares available at August 31, 2024 for future issuance under the Northern Technologies International Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

84

Item 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information in the Related Person Relationships and Transactions and Corporate Governance Director Independence sections of NTIC s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to NTIC s next annual meeting of stockholders, which involves the election of directors, is incorporated in this annual report on Form 10-K by reference. 

Item 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The information in the Proposal Three Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Audit, Audit-Related, Tax and Other Fees and Proposal Three Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures sections of NTIC s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to NTIC s next annual meeting of stockholders, which involves the election of directors, is incorporated in this annual report on Form 10-K by reference. 

85

PART IV 

Item 15. 

EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Financial Statements 

NTIC s consolidated financial statements are included in Item 8 of Part III of this report. 

Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are inapplicable since NTIC is a smaller reporting company. 

Exhibits 

The exhibits being filed or furnished with this report are listed below. Each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this report is asterisked below. 

A copy of any exhibits listed or referred to herein will be furnished at a reasonable cost to any person who is a stockholder upon receipt from any such person of a written request for any such exhibit. Such request should be sent to: Mr. Matthew Wolsfeld, Corporate Secretary, Northern Technologies International Corporation, 4201 Woodland Road, P.O. Box 69, Circle Pines, Minnesota 55014 Attn: Stockholder Information. 

Item No. 

Item 

Method of Filing 

3.1 

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Northern Technologies International Corporation 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to NTIC s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended February 28, 2023 (File No. 001-11038) 

3.2 

Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Northern Technologies International Corporation 

Filed herewith 

4.1 

Specimen Stock Certificate Representing Common Stock of Northern Technologies International Corporation 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to NTIC s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 001-19331) (Filed on paper - hyperlink is not required pursuant to Rule 105 of Regulation S-T) 

4.2 

Description of Common Stock of Northern Technologies International Corporation 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to NTIC s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.1 

Northern Technologies International Corporation 2024 Stock Incentive Plan 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to NTIC s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 19, 2024 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.2 

Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement for use with the Northern Technologies International Corporation 2024 Stock Incentive Plan 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to NTIC s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 19, 2024 (File No. 001-11038) 

86

10.3 

Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement for use with the Northern Technologies International Corporation 2024 Stock Incentive Plan 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to NTIC s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 19, 2024 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.4 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for use with the Northern Technologies International Corporation 2024 Stock Incentive Plan 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to NTIC s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 19, 2024 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.5 

Northern Technologies International Corporation Amended and Restated 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to NTIC s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 15, 2021 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.6 

Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement for Northern Technologies International Corporation Amended and Restated 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to NTIC s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 25, 2019 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.7 

Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement for Northern Technologies International Corporation Amended and Restated 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to NTIC s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 25, 2019 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.8 

Northern Technologies International Corporation Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to NTIC s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 24, 2011 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.9 

Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement for Northern Technologies International Corporation Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to NTIC s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 24, 2011 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.10 

Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement for Northern Technologies International Corporation Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to NTIC s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 24, 2011 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.11 

Northern Technologies International Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to NTIC s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2006 (File No. 001-11038) 

87

10.12 

Material Terms of Northern Technologies International Corporation Annual Bonus Plan 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to NTIC s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2015 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.13 

Form of Indemnification Agreement between Northern Technologies International Corporation and its Directors and Officers 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to NTIC s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 23, 2019 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.14 

Executive Employment Agreement dated as of November 18, 2011 between Northern Technologies International Corporation and G. Patrick Lynch 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to NTIC s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2011 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.15 

Confidential Information, Inventions Assignment, Noncompetition and Non-Solicitation Agreement dated as of November 18, 2011 between Northern Technologies International Corporation and G. Patrick Lynch 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to NTIC s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2011 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.16 

Executive Employment Agreement dated as of November 18, 2011 between Northern Technologies International Corporation and Matthew C. Wolsfeld 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to NTIC s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2011 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.17 

Confidential Information, Inventions Assignment, Noncompetition and Non-Solicitation Agreement dated as of November 18, 2011 between Northern Technologies International Corporation and Matthew C. Wolsfeld 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to NTIC s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2011 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.18 

Credit Agreement between JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Northern Technologies International Corporation, dated December 19, 2022 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to NTIC s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended February 28, 2023 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.19 

Line of Credit Note, effective January 5, 2024, between Northern Technologies International Corporation and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to NTIC s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended February 29, 2024 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.20 

Consulting Agreement dated January 11, 2017 by and among Northern Technologies International Corporation, BioPlastic Polymers LLC, and Ramani Narayan, Ph.D. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to NTIC s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 30, 2016 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.21 

Amendment to Consulting Agreement effective January 11, 2022 by and among Northern Technologies International Corporation, BioPlastic Polymers LLC, and Ramani Narayan, Ph.D. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to NTIC s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 (File No. 001-11038) 

88

10.22 

Real Estate Purchase and Sales Contract dated July 7, 2021 between NTIC (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. And Shanghai FASTO Investment Group Limited Company (Official Chinese Version) 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to NTIC s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2021 (File No. 001-11038) 

10.23 

Unofficial English Summary of Real Estate Purchase and Sales Contract dated July 7, 2021 between NTIC (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and Shanghai FASTO Investment Group Limited Company 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to NTIC s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 8, 2021 (File No. 001-11038) 

14.1 

Code of Ethics 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to NTIC s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2004 (File No. 001-11038) 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Filed herewith 

23.1 

Consent of Baker Tilly US, LLP 

Filed herewith 

31.1 

Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed herewith 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed herewith 

32.1 

Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Furnished herewith 

32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Furnished herewith 

97.1 

Northern Technologies International Corporation Clawback Policy 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97.1 to NTIC s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023 (File No. 001-11038) 

101 

The following materials from Northern Technologies International Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Filed herewith 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Contained in Exhibit 101 

A management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

89

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NORTHERN TECHNOLOGIES INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 

November 19, 2024 

By: 

/s/ G. Patrick Lynch 

G. Patrick Lynch 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 

Title 

Date 

/s/ G. Patrick Lynch 

			 G. Patrick Lynch 

President and Chief Executive Officer and Director 

			 (principal executive officer) 

November 19, 2024 

/s/ Matthew C. Wolsfeld, CPA 

			 Matthew C. Wolsfeld, CPA 

Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 

			 (principal financial and accounting officer) 

November 19, 2024 

/s/ Richard J. Nigon 

			 Richard J. Nigon 

Chairman of the Board 

November 19, 2024 

/s/ Nancy E. Calderon 

			 Nancy E. Calderon 

Director 

November 19, 2024 

/s/ Sarah E. Kemp 

			 Sarah E. Kemp 

Director 

November 19, 2024 

/s/ Sunggyu Lee, Ph.D. 

			 Sunggyu Lee, Ph.D. 

Director 

November 19, 2024 

/s/ Ramani Narayan, Ph. D. 

			 Ramani Narayan, Ph.D. 

Director 

November 19, 2024 

/s/ Cristina Pinho 

			 Cristina Pinho 

Director 

November 19, 2024 

/s/ Konstantin von Falkenhausen 

			 Konstantin von Falkenhausen 

Director 

November 19, 2024 

90

<EX-3.2>
 2
 ex_748876.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.2

ex_748876.htm 

Exhibit 3.2 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED 

BYLAWS 

OF 

NORTHERN TECHNOLOGIES INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION 

A Delaware corporation 

(As amended through November 14, 2024) 

ARTICLE I 
 OFFICES 

Section 1. Registered Office . The registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware shall be in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware. The name of the Corporation s registered agent shall be The Corporation Trust Company. 

Section 2. Other Offices . The Corporation may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require. 

ARTICLE II 
 MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 

Section 1. Place of Meetings . Meetings of the stockholders shall be held at any place within or without the State of Delaware as determined by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely be means of remote communication as authorized by Section 211(a)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). In the absence of any such designation or determination, meetings of stockholders shall be held at the Corporation s principal executive offices. 

Section 2. Annual Meetings . If required by applicable law, an annual meeting of the stockholders shall be held for the purpose of electing directors and conducting such other business as may properly come before the meeting each year on a date and at a time designated by the Board of Directors. 

Section 3. Special Meetings . Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation, may be called by the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the President and shall be called by the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary at the request in writing of stockholders owning a majority in the amount of the entire capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. At such meetings, the only business which may be transacted is that relating to the purpose or purposes set forth in the notice or waivers of notice thereof. 

Section 4. Notice of Meetings . Except as otherwise required by law, written, printed or electronic notice stating the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be prepared and delivered by the Corporation not less than ten (10) days nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the U.S. mail with postage thereon prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at such stockholder s address as it appears on the stock transfer books of the Corporation. Notice given by electronic transmission directed to the stockholder s electronic mail address shall be effective when directed to such stockholder s electronic mail address, unless the stockholder has notified the Corporation in writing or by electronic transmission of an objection to receiving notice by electronic mail or such notice is prohibited as provided by law. A notice by electronic mail must include a prominent legend that the communication is an important notice regarding the Corporation. For purposes of these Bylaws, unless the context otherwise requires, electronic transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, including the use of, or participation in, one or more electronic networks or databases (including one or more distributed electronic networks or databases), that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such recipient through an automated process. Meetings may be held without notice if all stockholders entitled to vote are present (except as otherwise provided by law), or if notice is waived by those not present. Any previously scheduled meeting of the stockholders may be postponed, rescheduled or cancelled, and (unless the Corporation s Certificate of Incorporation otherwise provides) any special meeting of the stockholders may be postponed, rescheduled or cancelled, by the Corporation. An affidavit of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or of the transfer agent or other agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. 

1

Section 5. Waiver of Notice . Whenever any notice is required to be given under any provisions of law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing or by telecopy or any other means of communication permissible by law, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to such notice. In addition, any stockholder attending a meeting of stockholders in person or by proxy without protesting prior to the conclusion of the meeting the lack of notice thereof to such stockholder, shall be conclusively deemed to have waived notice of such meeting. 

Section 6. Stockholders List . The officer having charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of the stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting or any adjournment thereof, arranged in alphabetical order, specifying the address of and the number and class or series, if any, of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. The Corporation shall not be required to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting or during ordinary business hours, at the Corporation s principal place of business. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. Such list shall presumptively determine the identity of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and the number of shares held by each of them. 

Section 7. Quorum; Adjournment and Postponement . The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders except as otherwise provided by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation. Whether or not a quorum is present, any meeting of stockholders, annual or special, may be adjourned from time to time for any reasonable purpose and to any other time or place, if any, at which a meeting of stockholders may be held under these Bylaws by the chair of the meeting or the Board of Directors. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, if any, (including an adjournment taken to address a technical failure to convene or continue a meeting using remote communication) unless these Bylaws otherwise require, no notice of the adjourned meeting need be given if (a) the time and place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, are (i) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment was taken, (ii) displayed during the time scheduled for the meeting on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxy holders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication or (iii) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with these Bylaws; and (b) the date is not more than thirty (30) days after the date for which the meeting was originally noticed, or if a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, notice of the place, if any, date and time of the adjourned meeting shall be sent, as provided in this Section 7 of Article II. The Board of Directors may, at any time prior to the holding of a meeting of stockholders, annual or special, and for any reasonable reason, postpone, reschedule or cancel such meeting. At the adjourned meeting the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. 

Section 8. Vote Required . In all matters, other than the election of directors and except as otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders. Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the voting power of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. 

2

Section 9. Voting Rights . At each meeting of stockholders, each holder of record of shares of stock entitled to vote shall be entitled to vote in person or by proxy, and each such holder shall be entitled to one vote for every share standing in such holder s name on the books of the Corporation as of the record date fixed by the Board of Directors or prescribed by law. 

Section 10. Proxies . At all meetings of stockholders, a stockholder may vote by proxy executed in writing by the stockholder or as may be permitted by law, or by the stockholder s duly authorized attorney-in-fact. Such proxy must be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation or the Secretary s representative, or otherwise delivered telephonically or electronically as set forth in the applicable proxy statement, at or before the time of the meeting. No proxy shall be valid after the expiration of three (3) years from its date, unless a longer period is provided for in the proxy. A proxy may be executed in writing (or by a transmission permitted by applicable law, including Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (such act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Exchange Act )) by the stockholder, or by such stockholder s duly authorized attorney in fact. A proxy may be in the form of an electronic transmission which sets forth or is submitted with information from which it can be determined that the transmission was authorized by the stockholder. Unless and until voted, every proxy shall be revocable at the pleasure of the person who executed it, or such person s legal representatives or assigns except in those cases where an irrevocable proxy permitted by statute has been given. Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board of Directors. 

Section 11. Conduct of Meetings . The Board of Directors may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations adopted by the Board of Directors, the person presiding over any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and (for any or no reason) to recess, adjourn and/or postpone the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such presiding person, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the presiding person at the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (a) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (b) the determination of when the polls shall open and close for any given matter to be voted on at the meeting; (c) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present (including, without limitation, rules and procedures for removal of disruptive persons from the meeting); (d) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the presiding person of the meeting shall determine; (e) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (f) limitations on the time allotted to questions or concerns by participants. The presiding person at any meeting of stockholders, in addition to making any other determinations that may be appropriate to the conduct of the meeting (including, without limitation, determinations with respect to the administration and/or interpretation of any of the rules, regulations or procedures of the meeting, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the presiding person), shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a matter or business was not properly brought before the meeting and, if such presiding person should so determine, such presiding person shall so declare to the meeting, and any such matter or business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted or considered. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the person presiding over the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. The presiding person of the meeting shall have the power to adjourn or postpone the meeting to another place, if any, date and time. 

Section 12. Consents in Lieu of Meeting . Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or by the laws of the State of Delaware, any action required by the laws of the State of Delaware to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if: (a) a consent in writing, or by facsimile, telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed or, in the case of a facsimile, telegram, cablegram or other electronic submission, authorized by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than a minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted; and (b) prompt notice of the taking of such action by less than unanimous written consent is given to the other stockholders to the extent and in the manner required by the laws of Delaware. 

3

Section 13. Notice of Stockholder Proposed Business . At any annual meeting of stockholders, only such business shall be conducted, and only such proposals shall be acted on, as are properly brought before the meeting. In order for business to be properly brought before the meeting, the business must be either (a) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors; (b) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (c) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by any stockholder of record of the Corporation who (i) was a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 13 of Article II and at the time of the annual meeting, (ii) is entitled to vote at such meeting and (iii) has complied with the procedures set forth in this Section 13 of Article II as to such business. Except for proposals properly made pursuant to Rule 14a-8 promulgated under the Exchange Act and included in the Corporation s notice of meeting, the foregoing clause (c) shall be exclusive means for a stockholder to propose business to be considered by the stockholders at an annual meeting of stockholders. For business to be properly brought before an annual meeting of stockholders by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder s notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than ninety (90) days nor more than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting; provided , however , that in the event that the annual meeting with respect to which such notice is to be tendered is not held within thirty (30) days before or after such anniversary date, to be timely, notice by the stockholder must be received not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which notice of the date of the annual meeting or public disclosure thereof was given or made, whichever first occurs. In no event shall the adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the public disclosure thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 

To be in proper written form, a stockholder s notice to the Secretary must set forth: (a) as to each matter such stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting, the text of any resolution proposed to be adopted at the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting and (b) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf such business is proposed (each, a party as used herein) (i) the name and record address of such party, (ii) (1) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record by each such party; (2) any agreement, arrangement or understanding, written or oral (including any derivative, long or short position, profit interest, forward, future, swap, option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right or similar right, hedging transaction, repurchase agreement or arrangement borrowed or loaned shares and so-called stock borrowing agreement or arrangement), with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class or series of shares of capital stock of the Corporation or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares of capital stock of the Corporation, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss, manage risk or benefit from changes in the price of any securities of the Corporation, to transfer to or from any person or entity, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any security of the Corporation, to maintain, increase or decrease the voting power of any person or entity with respect to securities of the Corporation or to provide any person or entity, directly or indirectly, with the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from, or to otherwise benefit economically from, any increase or decrease in the value of any security of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in the underlying class or series of capital stock of the Corporation or otherwise and without regard to whether such agreement, arrangement or understanding is required to be reported on a Schedule 13D, 13F or 13G in accordance with the Exchange Act (a Derivative Instrument to which such party is a party or that is directly or indirectly owned beneficially by any such party, which Derivative Instruments shall be disclosed without regard to whether (x) any such Derivative Instrument conveys any voting rights in shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation to such party, (y) any such Derivative Instrument is required to be, or is capable of being, settled through delivery of shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation or (z) such party may have entered into other transactions that hedge or mitigate the economic effect of such Derivative Instrument; (3) any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding, or relationship pursuant to which either party has a right to vote, directly or indirectly, any shares of any security of the Corporation; (4) any short interest in any security of the Corporation held by each such party (for purposes of this Section 13 of Article II, a person shall be deemed to have a short interest in a security if such person directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the value of the subject security); (5) any rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially directly or indirectly by each such party that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation; (6) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which such party is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner; and (7) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that such party is directly or indirectly entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, as of the date of such notice, including without limitation any such interests held by members of each such party s immediate family sharing the same household (which information set forth in this clause (ii) shall be supplemented by such stockholder or such beneficial owner, as the case may be, not later than ten (10) days after the record date for the meeting to disclose such ownership as of the record date); (iii) a description of all arrangements or understandings between each such party and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder and any material interest of each such party in such business; (iv) any direct or indirect interest of such party in any contract with the Corporation or any affiliate of the Corporation (including any employment agreement, collective bargaining agreement or consulting agreement); (v) a complete and accurate description of any pending, or to such party s knowledge, threatened, legal proceeding in which such party is a party or participant involving the Corporation or, to such party s knowledge, any current or former officer, director, affiliate or associate of the Corporation; (vi) identification of the names and addresses of other stockholders (including beneficial owners) known by such party to financially support the proposal of such business by such stockholder and, to the extent known, the class and number of all shares of the Corporation s capital stock owned beneficially or of record by such other stockholder(s) or other beneficial owner(s); (vii) all information that would be required to be set forth in a Schedule 13D filed pursuant to Rule 13d-1(a) under the Exchange Act or an amendment pursuant to Rule 13d-2(a) under the Exchange Act if such a statement were required to be filed under the Exchange Act by such party (regardless of whether such party is actually required to file a Schedule 13D); (viii) any other information relating to such party that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, the proposal or the election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act (whether or not such party intends to deliver a proxy statement or conduct a proxy solicitation); provided , however , that the disclosures in the foregoing subclauses (i) through (viii) shall not include any such disclosures with respect to the ordinary course business activities of any broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee who is a party solely as a result of being the stockholder directed to prepare and submit the notice required by these Bylaws on behalf of a beneficial owner; (ix) a representation that the stockholder giving the notice is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting; and (x) a representation whether or not either party intends to, or is part of a group that intends to, deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to the holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation s voting shares required under applicable law to adopt the business and/or whether or not either such party intends to otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such business. 

4

Notwithstanding anything in these Bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at the annual meeting of stockholders except business brought before the annual meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 13 of Article II; provided , however , that once business has been properly brought before the annual meeting in accordance with such procedures, nothing in this Section 13 of Article II shall be deemed to preclude discussion by any stockholder of any such business. The chair of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Section 13 of Article II, and if the chair should so determine, the chair shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. 

Affiliate and Associate shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (such act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Securities Act and the term beneficial owner or beneficially owned shall have the meaning set forth for such terms in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act. 

At any special meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 13 of Article II, (a) a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 13 of Article II; provided , however , that any reference in this Section 13 of Article II to the Exchange Act or the rules promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to proposals of business to be considered pursuant to clause (c) of the first paragraph of Section 13 of Article II and nothing in this Section 13 of Article II shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 promulgated under the Exchange Act and (b) stockholder nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors shall be governed by Section 14 of this Article II. 

5

Section 14. Stockholder Nomination of Directors . Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 14 of Article II shall be eligible to serve as directors of the Corporation, except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation with respect to the rights of holders of preferred stock of the Corporation to nominate and elect a specified number of directors, if any. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation to be made at any annual meeting of stockholders or any special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting must be made (a) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, or (b) provided that the Board of Directors has determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting, as indicated in the notice, by any stockholder of the Corporation who (i) is a stockholder of record at the time of giving the notice provided for in this Section 14 of Article II and at the time of the meeting, (ii) is entitled to vote for the election of directors at the meeting and (iii) complies with the procedures set forth in this Section 14 of Article II as to such nominations. Except for nominations properly made pursuant to Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act, the foregoing clause (b) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors at an annual meeting of stockholders or a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting. Any such nominations (other than those made by or at the direction of the Board of Directors) must be made pursuant to timely notice in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder s notice in the case of a special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which notice of the date of the special meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the special meeting was made, whichever first occurs, and, in the case of any annual meeting, must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than ninety (90) days nor more than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting; provided , however , that in the event that the annual meeting with respect to which such notice is to be tendered is not held within thirty (30) days before or after such anniversary date, to be timely, notice by the stockholder must be received no later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which notice of the meeting or public disclosure thereof was given or made, whichever first occurs. In no event shall the adjournment or postponement of an annual or special meeting or the public disclosure thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 

To be in proper written form, a stockholder s notice to the Secretary must set forth: (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director, (i) all information relating to the individual subject to such nomination that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to and in accordance with Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, without regard to the application of the Exchange Act to either the nomination or the Corporation; (ii) such individual s written consent to serving as director, if elected, for the entire term; and (iii) a statement whether such person would be in compliance if elected as a director of the Corporation and will comply with all applicable corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Corporation; and (b) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made (each, a party as used herein), (i) the name and record address of such party, (ii) (1) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record by each such party; (2) any Derivative Instrument to which such party is a party or that is directly or indirectly owned beneficially by any such party, which Derivative Instruments shall be disclosed without regard to whether (x) any such Derivative Instrument conveys any voting rights in shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation to such party, (y) any such Derivative Instrument is required to be, or is capable of being, settled through delivery of shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation or (z) such party may have entered into other transactions that hedge or mitigate the economic effect of such Derivative Instrument; (3) any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding, or relationship pursuant to which either party has a right to vote, directly or indirectly, any shares of any security of the Corporation; (4) any short interest in any security of the Corporation held by each such party (for purposes of this Section 14 of Article II, a person shall be deemed to have a short interest in a security if such person directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the value of the subject security); (5) any rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially directly or indirectly by each such party that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation; (6) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which such party is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner; and (7) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that each such party is directly or indirectly entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, as of the date of such notice, including without limitation any such interests held by members of such party s immediate family sharing the same household (which information set forth in this clause (ii) shall be supplemented by such stockholder or such beneficial owner, as the case may be, not later than ten (10) days after the record date for the meeting to disclose such ownership as of the record date); (iii) a description of all arrangements or understandings between each such party and each proposed nominee and any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are to be made; (iv) any direct or indirect interest of such party in any contract with the Corporation or any affiliate of the Corporation (including any employment agreement, collective bargaining agreement or consulting agreement); (v) a complete and accurate description of any pending, or to such party s knowledge, threatened, legal proceeding in which such party is a party or participant involving the Corporation or, to such party s knowledge, any current or former officer, director, affiliate or associate of the Corporation; (vi) identification of the names and addresses of other stockholders (including beneficial owners) known by such party to financially support the nomination by such stockholder and, to the extent known, the class and number of all shares of the Corporation s capital stock owned beneficially or of record by such other stockholder(s) or other beneficial owner(s); (vii) all information that would be required to be set forth in a Schedule 13D filed pursuant to Rule 13d-1(a) under the Exchange Act or an amendment pursuant to Rule 13d-2(a) under the Exchange Act if such a statement were required to be filed under the Exchange Act by such party (regardless of whether such party is actually required to file a Schedule 13D); (viii) any other information relating to such party that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, the proposal or the election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act (whether or not such party intends to deliver a proxy statement or conduct a proxy solicitation); provided , however , that the disclosures in the foregoing subclauses (i) through (viii) shall not include any such disclosures with respect to the ordinary course business activities of any broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee who is a party solely as a result of being the stockholder directed to prepare and submit the notice required by these Bylaws on behalf of a beneficial owner; (ix) a representation that the stockholder giving the notice is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in the notice; (x) a representation whether or not either party intends to, or is part of a group that intends to, deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to a sufficient number of holders of the Corporation s voting shares reasonably believed by such party to elect its nominee or nominees and/or whether or not either such party intends to otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such nominee or nominees; and (xi) a representation as to whether or not the party or any of their respective affiliates, associates of others acting in concert therewith, intended to solicit proxies in support of director nominees in accordance with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

6

To be eligible to be a nominee for election as a director of the Corporation, the proposed nominee must be nominated in the manner prescribed in this Section 14 of Article II and must deliver (in accordance with the time periods prescribed for delivery in a notice to such proposed nominee given by or on behalf of the Board of Directors), to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, (a) a completed written questionnaire (in a form provided by the Corporation) with respect to the background, qualifications, stock ownership and independence of such proposed nominee and (b) a written representation and agreement (in a form provided by the Corporation) that such nominee (i) is not and, if elected as a director during such director s term of office, will not become a party to (1) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given and will not give any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such proposed nominee, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment or (2) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such proposed nominee s ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such proposed nominee s fiduciary duties under applicable law; (ii) is not, and will not become, a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation or reimbursement for service as a director; and (iii) if elected as a director of the Corporation, will comply with the applicable corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Corporation (and, if requested by any proposed nominee, the Secretary of the Corporation shall provide to such proposed nominee all such policies and guidelines then in effect). 

In addition to the information required pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 14 of Article II, the Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as an independent director of the Corporation or that could be material to a reasonable stockholder s understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee. Such information will be considered timely if provided to the Corporation promptly upon request by the Corporation but in any event within five (5) business days after such request. In addition, the Board of Directors may require any proposed nominee to submit to interviews with the Board of Directors or any committee thereof, and such proposed nominee shall make such proposed nominee available for any such interviews within ten (10) days following the date of any reasonable request therefor from the Board of Directors or any committee thereof. 

7

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 14 of Article II, unless otherwise required by law, (a) no stockholder making such a nomination shall solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Corporation s nominees unless such stockholder has complied with Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act in connection with the solicitation or such proxies, including the provision to the Corporation of notices required thereunder in a timely manner unless the information required by Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act has been provided in a preliminary or definitive proxy statement previously filed by such person and (b) if any stockholder making such a nomination (i) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act and (ii) subsequently fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any other rules and regulations thereunder, including the provision to the Corporation of notices required thereunder in a timely manner, then the Corporation shall disregard any proxies or votes solicited for any proposed nominees on the Corporation s proxy card other than the Corporation s nominees and such nomination shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in favor thereof may have been received by the Corporation. In addition, any stockholder that provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act shall notify the Secretary within two (2) business days of any change in such stockholder s intent to solicit proxies from the holders of shares representing at least sixty-seven percent (67 of the voting power of shares entitled to vote on the election of directors in support of director nominees other than the Corporation s nominees. Upon request by the Corporation, if any stockholder making such a nomination provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act, such stockholder shall deliver to the Corporation, no later than five (5) business days prior to the applicable meeting, reasonable evidence that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 14 of Article II. If the chair of the meeting determines that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedures, the chair shall declare to the meeting that the nomination was defective and such defective nomination shall be disregarded. 

ARTICLE III 
 DIRECTORS 

Section 1. Number, Election and Term of Office . Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the Board of Directors shall consist of one or more directors, the number thereof to be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of the stockholders, except as provided in Section 5 of this Article III, and each director elected shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until such director s earlier death, resignation or removal as hereinafter provided. 

8

Section 2. Management By Board of Directors . The business of the Corporation shall be managed by its Board of Directors, which may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. 

Section 3. Resignation . Any director may resign at any time upon notice given in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation. A resignation is effective when the resignation is delivered unless the resignation specifies a later effective date or an effective date determined upon the happening of an event or events. A resignation which is conditioned upon the director failing to receive a specified vote for reelection as a director may provide that it is irrevocable. 

Section 4. Removal . Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock then outstanding, any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares of stock of the Corporation then entitled to vote at an election of directors, except as otherwise provided by statute. 

Section 5. Vacancies . Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock then outstanding, vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office though less than a quorum, and each director so chosen shall hold office until the next annual election or until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until such director s earlier death, resignation or removal as hereinafter provided. 

Section 6. Place of Meetings; Meetings by Telephone . The Board of Directors may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, members of the Board of the Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 

Section 7. Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors. 

Section 8. Special Meetings; Notice . Special meetings of the Board of Directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Secretary or a majority of the Board of Directors. The person(s) authorized to call special meetings of the Board of Directors may fix the time and place of the meeting. Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be: (a) delivered personally by hand, by courier or by telephone, (b) sent by United States first-class mail, postage prepaid, (c) sent by facsimile or (d) sent by electronic mail, directed to each director at that director s address, telephone number, facsimile number or electronic mail address, as the case may be, as shown on the Corporation s records. If the notice is (i) delivered personally by hand, by courier or by telephone, (ii) sent by facsimile or (iii) sent by electronic mail, it shall be delivered or sent at least twenty-four (24) hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. If the notice is sent by United States mail, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least four (4) days before the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral notice may be communicated either to the director or to a person at the office of the director who the person giving notice has reason to believe will promptly communicate such notice to the director. The notice need not specify the place of the meeting if the meeting is to be held at the Corporation s principal executive office nor the purpose of the meeting. 

Section 9. Waiver of Notice . Whenever any notice is required to be given under any provisions of law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing, or by telecopy or any other means of communication permissible by law, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to such notice. In addition, any director attending a meeting of the Board of Directors without protesting prior to the meeting or at its commencement such lack of notice, shall be conclusively deemed to have waived notice of such meeting. 

Section 10. Quorum and Voting . At all meetings of the Board of Directors, a majority of the whole Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, unless otherwise provided by any applicable provision of law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws. The vote of a majority of directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors, unless otherwise provided by any applicable provision of law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. 

9

Section 11. Committees . The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board of Directors, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation which to the extent provided in such resolution shall have and may exercise the powers of the Board of Directors in the management and affairs of the Corporation except as otherwise limited by statute. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee. Such committee or committees shall have such name or names as may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board of Directors when required. 

Section 12. Committee Rules . Each committee of the Board of Directors may fix its own rules of procedure and shall hold its meetings as provided by such rules, except as may otherwise be provided by the resolution of the Board of Directors designating such committee, but in all cases the presence of at least a majority of the members of such committee shall be necessary to constitute a quorum. In the event that a member and that member s alternate, if alternates are designated by the Board of Directors as provided in Section 11 of this Article III, of such committee is/are absent or disqualified, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified members. 

Section 13. Consent in Lieu of Meeting . Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, or by electronic transmission and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 

Section 14. Compensation . The directors shall have authority to fix the compensation, including fees and reimbursement of expenses, of directors for services to the Corporation in any capacity and no such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. 

ARTICLE IV 
 OFFICERS 

Section 1. Number . The officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the Board of Directors and shall consist of a Chair of the Board, President, a Secretary, a Chief Financial Officer, a Treasurer, and such other officers and assistant officers as may be deemed necessary or desirable by the Board of Directors. In its discretion, the Board of Directors may choose not to fill any office for any period as it may deem advisable, except the offices of President and Secretary. The Board of Directors may also designate from such officers (a) a Chief Executive Officer who shall have general supervision and authority over the business and affairs of the Corporation subject to the control of the Board of Directors, (b) a Chief Operating Officer who shall have general supervision and authority over the operations of the Corporation subject to the control of the Chief Executive Officer, if that designation has been made, and subject to the control of the Board of Directors or (c) both a Chief Executive Officer and a Chief Operating Officer. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person. 

Section 2. Election and Term of Office . The officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors at the first meeting of the Board of Directors held after each annual meeting of stockholders. If the election of officers shall not be held at such meeting, such election shall be held as soon thereafter as conveniently may be. Vacancies may be filled or new offices created and filled at any meeting of the Board of Directors. Each officer shall hold office until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until such officer s earlier death, resignation or removal as hereinafter provided. 

10

Section 3. Resignation . Any officer may resign at any time upon notice given in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation. A resignation is effective when the resignation is delivered unless the resignation specifies a later effective date or an effective date determined upon the happening of an event or events. 

Section 4. Removal . Any officer or agent elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed either with or without cause by the Board of Directors, but such removal shall be without prejudice of the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. 

Section 5. Vacancies . A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification or otherwise, may be filled by the Board of Directors for the unexpired portion of the term by a majority vote of the directors then in office. 

Section 6. Compensation . Compensation of all officers shall be fixed by the Board of Directors or by such officers or a committee of the Board of Directors to which the Board of Directors has delegated such authority, and no officer shall be prevented from receiving such compensation by virtue of the fact that such officer is also a director of the Corporation. 

Section 7. Chair of the Board . The Chair of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and Board of Directors and shall have such other power and perform such additional duties as may from time to time be assigned to the Chair by the Board of Directors. 

Section 8. The Chief Executive Officer . The Chief Executive Officer shall be the senior officer of the Corporation and shall, in the absence of the Chair of the Board, preside at all meetings of the stockholders; shall have general and active management of the business of the Corporation; and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are carried into effect. The Chief Executive Officer shall execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts in the name of the Corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed, except where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors to some other officer or agent of the Corporation. 

Section 9. The President . In the absence of a Chief Executive Officer or if there be none, the President shall be the senior officer of the Corporation and perform all such other duties as are incident to such office or are properly required by the Board of Directors. If there is a Chief Executive Officer, the President shall be the chief operating officer of the Corporation and shall be subject to the general supervision, direction and control of the Chief Executive Officer unless the Board of Directors provides otherwise. One person may hold both the Chief Executive Officer and the President offices. 

Section 10. The Secretary and Assistant Secretaries . The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board of Directors and all meetings of the stockholders and record all the proceedings of the meetings of the Corporation and of the Board of Directors in a book to be kept for that purpose and shall perform like duties for the standing committees when required. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the President, under whose supervision he or she shall be. The Assistant Secretary, if there be one or if there be more than one, the Assistant Secretaries in the order determined by the Board of Directors, shall, in the absence or disability of the Secretary, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. 

Section 11. The Chief Financial Officer . The Chief Financial Officer shall keep accurate financial records for the Corporation; render to the Chief Executive Officer, the President and the Board of Directors, whenever requested, an account of all transactions by the Chief Financial Officer and of the financial condition of the Corporation; and prepare and sign, where required, reports of the financial condition of the Corporation submitted from time to time to the stockholders and such financial reports as may be required to be filed under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission or any securities exchange upon which shares of the Corporation s capital stock may be listed. 

11

Section 12. The Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers . The Treasurer shall have charge and custody of and be responsible for all funds and securities of the Corporation; receive and give receipts for monies due and payable to the Corporation from any source whatsoever; deposit all such monies in the name of the Corporation for safekeeping in appropriate banks, trust companies and or other depositories; and in general perform all of the duties incident to the office of the Treasurer and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned by the Board of Directors or by the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Chief Financial Officer. The Assistant Treasurer, if there be one or if there be more than one, the Assistant Treasurers shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as may be assigned by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Treasurer from time to time. 

Section 13. Other Officers, Assistant Officers and Agents . Officers, assistant officers and agents, if any, other than those whose duties are provided for in these Bylaws, shall have such authority and perform such duties as may from time to time be prescribed by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE V 
 CERTIFICATES OF STOCK 

Section 1. Form . Unless the Board of Directors has determined that some or all of any or all classes or series of stock shall be uncertificated shares, the interest of each stockholder of the Corporation shall be evidenced by certificates for shares of stock. Notwithstanding the adoption of any resolution of the Board of Directors providing for uncertificated shares, every holder of stock theretofore represented by certificates and, upon request, every holder of uncertificated shares, shall be entitled to have a certificate, signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by the Chair of the Board or the President and the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation, certifying the number of shares owned by such stockholder in the Corporation. Where a certificate is signed (a) by a transfer agent or an assistant transfer agent other than the Corporation or its employee or (b) by a registrar, other than the Corporation or its employee, the signature of the Chair of the Board, President, Treasurer, Assistant Treasurer, Secretary or Assistant Secretary may be facsimile. In case any officer or officers who have signed, or whose facsimile signature or signatures have been used on, any such certificate or certificates shall cease to be such officer or officers of the Corporation whether because of death, resignation or otherwise before such certificate or certificates have been delivered by the Corporation, such certificate or certificates may nevertheless be issued and delivered as though the person or persons who signed such certificate or certificates or whose facsimile signature or signatures have been used thereon had not ceased to be such officer or officers of the Corporation. 

Section 2. Lost Certificates . The Board of Directors may direct a new certificate or certificates or uncertificated shares to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed. When authorizing such issue of a new certificate or certificates or uncertificated shares, the Board of Directors may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate or certificates, or such owner s legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond in such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed. 

Section 3. Fixing a Record Date . The Board of Directors may fix in advance a date, not more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days preceding the date of any meeting of stockholders, or the date for the payment of any dividend, or the date for the allotment of rights, or the date when any change or conversion or exchange of capital stock shall go into effect, or a date in connection with obtaining such consent, as a record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, any such meeting, and any adjournment thereof, or entitled to receive payment of any such dividend, or to any such allotment of rights, or to exercise the rights in respect to any such change, conversion, or exchange of capital stock, or to give such consent, and in such case such stockholders and only such stockholders as shall be stockholders of record on the date so fixed shall be entitled to such notice of, and to vote at, such meeting and any adjournment thereof, or to receive payments of such dividend, or to receive such allotment or rights, or to exercise such rights, or to give such consents, as the case may be notwithstanding any transfer of any stock on the books of the Corporation after any such record date fixed as aforesaid. If no record date is fixed, the time for determining stockholders shall be at the close of business, on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. The time for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the date on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided , however , that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 

12

Section 4. Registered Stockholders . The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of the other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware. 

Section 5. Stock Certificates and Legend . If the Corporation shall be authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate which the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock, provided that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the DGCL, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate which the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock, a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. 

ARTICLE VI 
 GENERAL PROVISIONS 

Section 1. Dividends . Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting, or consent in lieu of a meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the directors from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for such other purpose as the directors shall think in the best interest of the Corporation, and the directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created. 

Section 2. Checks . All checks or demands for money and notes of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate. 

Section 3. Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

Section 4. Seal . The Corporation will not have a corporate seal. 

Section 5. Securities Owned By Corporation . Voting securities in any other Corporation held by the Corporation shall be voted by the Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Vice President, unless the Board of Directors specifically confers authority to vote with respect thereto, which may be general or confined to specific instances, upon some other person or officer. Any person authorized to vote securities shall have the power to appoint proxies, with general power of substitution. 

Section 6. Manner of Notice . Except as otherwise provided herein or permitted by applicable law, notices to directors shall be in writing and delivered personally or mailed to the directors at their addresses appearing on the books of the corporation. Notice to directors may be given by telecopier, telephone or other means of electronic transmission. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders may be given by electronic transmission in the manner provided in Section 232 of the DGCL or as set forth in Section 4 of Article II of these Bylaws. 

13

ARTICLE VII 
 INDEMNITY 

Section 1. Indemnification Rights . To the maximum extent permitted by law as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, the Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless any Eligible Person (as defined below) (including such person s heirs, executors and personal representatives) against any and all Amounts (as defined below) incurred or imposed in connection with, or which result from, any Proceeding (as defined below) (other than a proceeding initiated by such person) in which such person is or may become involved by reason of being an Eligible Person. 

Section 2. Advancement of Expenses . In connection with any Proceeding, the Corporation may advance Expenses (as defined below) to any Eligible Person upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such person to repay such advance if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification by the Corporation. 

Section 3. Rights Not Exclusive . The rights provided in this Article may not be determined exclusive of any other right or rights to which any Eligible Person may be entitled under any agreement, vote of stockholders or otherwise. 

Section 4. Definitions . For purposes of this Article: 

(a) Amounts shall include judgments, penalties, fines, amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the Eligible Person in connection with the Proceeding if the Eligible Person acted in good faith and in a manner the Eligible Person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the Eligible Person s conduct was unlawful, and Expenses. 

(b) Corporation shall mean the Corporation and any Corporation at least a majority of whose voting securities have ordinary voting power for the election of directors (other than securities having such voting power only by reason of the occurrence of a contingency) which is, at the time of alleged events giving rise to the Proceeding, owned by the Corporation and/or one or more of its majority-owned subsidiaries. 

(c) Eligible Person shall mean: 

(i) A director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation; or 

(ii) An individual who is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise; or 

(iii) A fiduciary or co-fiduciary of an employee benefit plan of the Corporation as those terms are defined in the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 

(d) Expenses shall mean all reasonable attorneys fees and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding. 

(e) Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation). 

Section 5. Amendment or Repeal . Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article VII shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any Eligible Person in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification. 

14

Section 6. Other Indemnification and Prepayment of Expenses . This Article VII shall not limit the right of the Corporation, to the maximum extent permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than Eligible Persons when and as authorized by appropriate corporate action. 

ARTICLE VIII 
 INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENTS 

The Corporation shall have the express authority to enter into such agreements as the Board of Directors deems appropriate for the indemnification of present of future directors and officers of the Corporation, entity or enterprise with whom such person is serving at the express written request of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE IX 
 AMENDMENTS 

These Bylaws may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed at any meeting of the Board of Directors by majority vote. The fact that the power to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws has been conferred upon the Board of Directors shall not divest the stockholders of the same powers. 

ARTICLE X 

 EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR CERTAIN ACTIONS 

Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action, suit or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (b) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim of or for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee or stockholder of the Corporation to the Corporation or to the Corporation s stockholders (including any claim alleging aiding and abetting of such breach of fiduciary duty), (c) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against the Corporation or against any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time), or (d) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against the Corporation or against any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 

Subject to the preceding provisions of this Article X, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause or causes of action arising under the Securities Act, including all causes of action asserted against any defendant to such complaint. Additionally, the provisions of this Article X shall not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction. 

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to this Article X. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the first sentence of this Article X, is filed in a court other than the courts in the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (a) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the provisions of the first sentence of this Article X and (b) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. 

For the avoidance of doubt, this provision is intended to benefit and may be enforced by the Corporation, its officers and directors, the underwriters to any offering giving rise to such complaint, and any other professional or entity whose profession gives authority to a statement made by that person or entity and who has prepared or certified any part of the documents underlying the offering. 

15

If any provision or provisions of this Article X shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any circumstance for any reason whatsoever, (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of such provision in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Article X (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Article X containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the application of such provision to other persons or entities and circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

ARTICLE XI 

 EMERGENCY BYLAWS 

Section 1. Emergency Bylaws . This Article XI shall be operative during any emergency, disaster or catastrophe, as referred to in Section 110 of the DGCL, or other similar emergency condition, irrespective of whether a quorum of the Board of Directors or a standing committee thereof can readily be convened for action (each, an Emergency ), notwithstanding any different or conflicting provision of the preceding Articles of these Bylaws or in the Certificate of Incorporation. To the extent not inconsistent with the provisions of this Article XI, the preceding Articles of these Bylaws and the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation shall remain in effect during such Emergency, and upon termination of such Emergency, the provisions of this Article XI shall cease to be operative unless and until another Emergency shall occur. 

Section 2. Meetings; Notice . During any Emergency, a meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may be called by any member of the Board of Directors or such committee or the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary of the Corporation. Notice of the place, date and time of the meeting shall be given by any available means of communication by the person calling the meeting to such of the directors or committee members and Designated Officers (as defined below) as, in the judgment of the person calling the meeting, it may be feasible to reach. Such notice shall be given at such time in advance of the meeting as, in the judgment of the person calling the meeting, circumstances permit. 

Section 3. Quorum . At any meeting of the Board of Directors called in accordance with Section 2 of this Article XI, one-third (1/3) of the total number of directors fixed by or in the manner provided in these Bylaws shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and at any meeting of any committee of the Board of Directors called in accordance with Section 2 of this Article XI, one-third (1/3) of the number of directors serving on such committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. In the event that no directors are able to attend a meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, then the Designated Officers in attendance shall serve as directors, or committee members, as the case may be, for the meeting, without any additional quorum requirement and will have full powers to act as directors, or committee members, as the case may be, of the Corporation. 

Section 4. Liability . No officer, director or employee of the Corporation acting in accordance with the provisions of this Article XI shall be liable except for willful misconduct. 

Section 5. Amendments . At any meeting called in accordance with Section 2 of this Article XI, the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, as the case may be, may modify, amend or add to the provisions of this Article XI as it deems it to be in the best interest of the Corporation so as to make any provision that may be practical or necessary for the circumstances of the Emergency. 

Section 6. Repeal or Change . The provisions of this Article XI shall be subject to repeal or change by further action of the Board of Directors or by action of the stockholders, but no such repeal or change shall modify the provisions of Section 4 of this Article XI with regard to action taken prior to the time of such repeal or change. 

Section 7. Definitions . For purposes of this Article XI, the term Designated Officer means an officer identified on a numbered list of officers of the Corporation who shall be deemed to be, in the order in which they appear on the list up until a quorum is obtained, directors of the corporation, or members of a committee of the Board of Directors, as the case may be, for purposes of obtaining a quorum during an Emergency, if a quorum of directors or committee members, as the case may be, cannot otherwise be obtained during such emergency, which officers have been designated by the Board of Directors from time to time but in any event prior to such time or times as an Emergency may have occurred. 

16

</EX-3.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex_744438.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Name of Subsidiary 

State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

Ownership Interest 

Names Under Which Subsidiary Does Business 

NTI ASEAN LLC 

Nevada 

60 

Same 

Northern Technologies Holding Company, LLC 

Minnesota 

100 

Same 

Natur-Tec India Private Limited 

India 

75 

Same 

Natur Tec Lanka (Pvt) Ltd 

Sri Lanka (1) 

75 

Same 

Zerust Preven o de Corros o S.A. 

Brazil 

85 

Same 

NTIC (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 

China 

100 

Same 

ZERUST-EXCOR MEXICO, S. de R.L. de C.V 

Mexico 

100 

Same 

NTIC Europe GmbH 

Germany 

100 

Same 

Zerust Singapore Pte Ltd 

Singapore (2) 

60 

Same 

Zerust Vietnam Co. Ltd 

Vietnam (3) 

60 

Same 

Zerust Taiwan Co. Ltd 

Taiwan (3) 

60 

Same 

HNTI Limited 

India 

100 

Same 

(1) 

Natur Tec Lanka (Pvt) Ltd. is 100 owned by Natur-Tec India Private Limited and, therefore, indirectly owned by Northern Technologies International Corporation. 

(2) 

Zerust Singapore Pte Ltd is 100 owned by NTI Asean LLC and, therefore, indirectly owned by Northern Technologies International Corporation. 

(3) 

Zerust Vietnam Co. Ltd and Zerust Taiwan Co., Ltd are 100 owned by Zerust Singapore Pte Ltd and, therefore, indirectly owned by NTIC. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex_744439.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File No. 333-140244, 333-140245, 333-171828, 333-229391, 333-252197 and 333-276642) of Northern Technologies International Corporation and Subsidiaries of our report dated November 19, 2024, relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears on page 55 of this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2024. 

/s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP 

Minneapolis, Minnesota 

 November 19, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex_744440.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302( a OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, G. Patrick Lynch, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Northern Technologies International Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and: 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2024 
			 /s/ G. Patrick Lynch 

G. Patrick Lynch 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex_744441.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302( a OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Matthew C. Wolsfeld, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Northern Technologies International Corporation; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and: 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2024 
			 /s/ Matthew C. Wolsfeld, CPA 

Matthew C. Wolsfeld, CPA 

Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 

(principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex_744442.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT 
 TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Northern Technologies International Corporation (the Company for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, G. Patrick Lynch, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ G. Patrick Lynch 

			 G. Patrick. Lynch 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

			 (principal executive officer) 

Circle Pines, Minnesota 

 November 19, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex_744443.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

HTML Editor 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT 
 TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Northern Technologies International Corporation (the Company for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Matthew C. Wolsfeld, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Matthew C. Wolsfeld, CPA 

			 Matthew C. Wolsfeld, CPA 

Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 

			 (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

Circle Pines, Minnesota 

 November 19, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ntic-20240831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ntic-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ntic-20240831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ntic-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 ntic-20240831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

