<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-K_edgar_data_814547_0001628280-24-045719.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12299379</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>340893</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2519473</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4665980</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2358336</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2150022</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-045719.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106161604
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-045719
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FAIR ISAAC CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000814547
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				941499887
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11689
		FILM NUMBER:		241431189

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 WEST MENDENHALL
		STREET 2:		SUITES 105
		CITY:			BOZEMAN
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59715
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(406) 982-7276

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5 WEST MENDENHALL
		STREET 2:		SUITES 105
		CITY:			BOZEMAN
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59715

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FAIR ISAAC & COMPANY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-045719.txt : 20241106

10-K
 1
 fico-20240930.htm
 FY2024 10-K

fico-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2024 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 
 oration 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 -982 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 
 As of March 31, 2024, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the last transaction price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on such date. This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purposes. 
 The number of shares of common stock outstanding on October 24, 2024 was (excluding 64,508,880 shares held by the Company as treasury stock). 

Table of Contents 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 29 
 Item 2. Properties 
 31 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 34 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 48 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 85 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 85 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 86 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 86 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 87 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 88 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 88 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 88 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 88 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 89 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 93 
 Signatures 
 94 

1 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Statements contained in this report that are not statements of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the PSLRA ). In addition, certain statements in our future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), in press releases, and in oral and written statements made by us or with our approval that are not statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the PSLRA. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (i) projections of revenue, income or loss, expenses, earnings or loss per share, the payment or nonpayment of dividends, share repurchases, capital structure and other statements concerning future financial performance; (ii) statements of our plans and objectives by our management or Board of Directors, including those relating to products or services, research and development, and the sufficiency of capital resources; (iii) statements of assumptions underlying such statements, including those related to economic conditions; (iv) statements regarding results of business combinations or strategic divestitures; (v) statements regarding business relationships with vendors, customers or collaborators, including the proportion of revenues generated from international as opposed to domestic customers; and (vi) statements regarding products and services, their characteristics, performance, sales potential or effect in use by customers. Words such as believes, anticipates, expects, intends, targeted, should, potential, goals, strategy, outlook, plan, estimated, will, variations of these terms and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in such statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, below. The performance of our business and our securities may be adversely affected by these factors and by other factors common to other businesses and investments, or to the general economy. Forward-looking statements are qualified by some or all of these risk factors. Therefore, you should consider these risk factors with caution and form your own critical and independent conclusions about the likely effect of these risk factors on our future performance. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which statements are made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or circumstances. Readers should carefully review the disclosures and the risk factors described in this and other documents we file from time to time with the SEC, including our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 GENERAL 
 
 Fair Isaac Corporation (NYSE: FICO) (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the Company, which may also be referred to in this report as we, us, our, and FICO is a leading applied analytics company. We were founded in 1956 on the premise that data, used intelligently, can improve business decisions. Today, FICO s software and the widely used FICO Score operationalize analytics, enabling thousands of businesses in more than 80 countries to uncover new opportunities, make timely decisions that matter, and execute them at scale. Most leading banks and credit card issuers rely on our solutions, as do insurers, retailers, telecommunications providers, automotive lenders, consumer reporting agencies, public agencies, and organizations in other industries. We also serve consumers through online services that enable people to access and understand their FICO Scores the standard measure in the United States U.S. of consumer credit risk empowering them to increase financial literacy and manage their financial health. More information about us can be found on our website, www.fico.com. We make our Annual Reports on Forms 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-Q, and Current Reports on Forms 8-K, as well as amendments to those reports, available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). References to our website address in this report do not constitute an incorporation by reference. Information on our website is not part of this report. 
 
 PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 
 Our business consists of two operating segments: Scores and Software. 
 Our Scores segment includes our business-to-business B2B scoring solutions and services which give our clients access to predictive credit and other scores that can be easily integrated into their transaction streams and decision-making processes. This segment also includes our business-to-consumer B2C scoring solutions, including our myFICO.com subscription offerings. 
 Our Software segment includes pre-configured analytic and decision management solutions designed for a specific type of business need or process such as account origination, customer management, customer engagement, fraud detection, and marketing as well as associated professional services. This segment also includes FICO Platform, a modular software offering designed to support advanced analytic and decision use cases, as well as stand-alone analytic and decisioning software that can be configured by our customers to address a wide variety of business use cases. Our offerings are available to our customers as software-as-a-service SaaS or as on-premises software. 
 
 Scores 
 Our B2B scoring solutions include the FICO Score, which is the standard measure of consumer credit risk in the U.S. It is used in most U.S. credit decisions, by nearly all major banks, credit card issuers, mortgage lenders, and auto loan originators. Our B2B scoring solutions are primarily distributed through major consumer reporting agencies worldwide. Our B2C scores are sold directly to consumers through our myFICO.com website and other direct-to-consumer channels. 
 The FICO Score is a three-digit number ranging from 300-850. Our proprietary analytic algorithms are applied to credit data collected and maintained by the three U.S. national consumer reporting agencies Experian, TransUnion and Equifax to produce standard scores that are used across the credit lifecycle, including in origination, account management and consumer marketing. Users of our scores generally pay the consumer reporting agencies a fee for each individual score generated by our algorithms, and the consumer reporting agencies pay an associated fee to us. Except for product development using de-personalized data, FICO does not collect or store the consumer credit data used in the calculation of our scores, and in most cases, we do not sell our scores directly to lenders or other end-users. 
 Since the introduction of the FICO Score in the U.S. in 1989, we have regularly updated the score to take advantage of newly available data and enhanced analytics. FICO Score 9 introduced the utilization of reported rental payment history, while also de-emphasizing medical debt and disregarding paid collections. Our most recent and most predictive scores, FICO Score 10 and 10 T, were introduced in 2020. To increase its predictive power, FICO Score 10 T builds on FICO Score 10 but also incorporates trended credit data. Trended data considers a longer historical view, giving lenders even more insight into how individuals are managing their credit. Updated versions of our FICO Scores are generally designed to provide greater predictive accuracy than the scores they replace, and to be compatible with prior versions of the FICO Score. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to the FICO Score, we offer several other broad-based scores, including specific FICO Industry Scores. For example, in 2021 we introduced Bankcard and Auto Industry versions of FICO Score 10. We also develop various custom scores for our financial services clients. 
 The FICO Resilience Index offering is designed to complement FICO Score models by identifying those consumers who are more resilient to economic stress relative to other consumers within the same FICO Score bands. The FICO Resilience Index is designed to enable lenders to continue to lend and better manage risk by providing a more precise assessment of loan default risk during periods of economic stress. 
 FICO has invested significant resources in the development of scores that can help expand credit access and lower borrowing costs for consumers that have limited credit history or who have sparse or inactive credit files. These scores use alternative data sources to enhance conventional credit bureau data and generate scores for otherwise un-scorable consumers and in many cases improve the credit scores of scorable consumers. 
 FICO Score XD uses public records and property data, and a consumer s history with mobile phone, landline phone and cable payments, to generate scores on the same 300-850 scale as standard FICO Scores. FICO Score XD is available to lenders through our distribution partners, LexisNexis Risk Solutions and Equifax. 
 The UltraFICO TM Score uses consumer-permissioned data such as checking, savings, or money market account data, to generate scores on the same 300-850 scale as standard FICO Scores. Incorporating consumer-permissioned data helps empower consumers to establish or improve their creditworthiness by using data that reflects sound financial activity, but that is not part of a conventional credit report. 
 Both scores maintain the same score to risk relationship as standard FICO Scores, enhancing their compatibility with existing credit underwriting systems and models. 
 Outside the U.S., we offer FICO Scores for consumer loans, and in some cases for small and medium business loans. These scores are typically sold to end-users through consumer reporting agencies in those countries, as they are in the U.S. FICO Scores have been made available in over 40 countries and we have also developed client-specific versions of the FICO Score in over ten countries that we sell directly to end-user customers. 
 We also provide FICO Scores to consumers in the U.S. through our B2C scoring solutions. These Scores are distributed directly by us through our myFICO.com subscription offering and indirectly through our licensed distribution partners, including Experian and certain lenders through the FICO Score Open Access Program. Through myFICO.com and other direct-to-consumer channels, consumers can purchase their FICO Scores, including credit reports associated with the scores, explanations of the factors affecting their scores, and customized educational information on how to manage their scores. Consumers can use products to simulate how taking specific actions could affect their FICO Score. Consumers can also subscribe to credit monitoring, which delivers alerts via email and text when changes to a user s FICO Scores or other credit report content are detected. In addition, consumers can purchase identity theft monitoring products that alert them to potential risks of identity fraud. 
 
 Software 
 Our software harnesses the power of analytics and digital decisioning technology to help businesses automate, improve, and connect decisions across their enterprise. Most of our solutions address customer engagement, including acquisition and pricing, onboarding, servicing and management, and fraud protection. We also help businesses improve non-customer facing decisions such as supply chain optimization, scheduling management and policy adherence. 
 FICO provides software solutions to business customers in more than 80 countries around the world. Our software can be deployed in the cloud utilizing third-party cloud services, or on-premises using our customers IT infrastructure. We typically sell our software as multi-year subscriptions, with payments based on usage metrics such as the number of accounts, transactions or decisioning use cases deployed, often subject to contracted minimum payments. 
 A significant and growing number of our software solutions run natively on FICO Platform, a modular software offering designed to support advanced analytics and decisioning use cases. While not all our software runs on FICO Platform today, we are continuing to invest significant development resources to enable substantially all of our software to run on FICO Platform in the future. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Principal Areas of Expertise 
 We specialize in solutions that empower businesses to operationalize analytics to uncover new opportunities, make timely decisions that matter, and execute them at scale. With more than 65 years of analytics and software experience, we have found that bringing human and digital intelligence together allows our customers to target and acquire customers more efficiently, increase customer value, reduce fraud and credit losses, lower operating expenses, and enter new markets more profitably. 
 Our principal areas of research and development expertise are focused on the following four analytic domains. 
 Predictive Modeling 
 Predictive modeling identifies and mathematically represents underlying relationships in historical data to make predictions or classifications about future events. Predictive models typically analyze current and historical data about individuals to produce easily understood metrics such as scores. These scores rank-order individuals or specific transactions against a particular variable such as the likelihood of making credit payments on time, the likelihood of a transaction being fraudulent or the probability of responding to a particular offer for services. Our predictive models are frequently used in mission-critical transactional systems and drive decisions and actions in near real time. 
 Several analytic methodologies underlie our products in this area. These include proprietary applications of both linear and nonlinear optimization algorithms, advanced neural systems, machine learning and AI. We also apply various statistical techniques for analysis and pattern detection within large datasets and can derive insights and predictive features from various forms of data, including unstructured data. 
 Decision Analysis and Optimization 
 Decision analysis refers to the broad quantitative field that deals with modeling, analyzing, and optimizing decisions made by individuals, groups, and organizations. Whereas predictive models analyze multiple aspects of individual behavior to forecast future behavior, decision analysis analyzes multiple aspects of a given decision to identify the most effective action to take to reach a desired result. This is often referred to as prescriptive analytics. Our integrated approach to decision analysis incorporates a decision model that mathematically maps the entire decision structure; proprietary optimization technology that identifies the most effective strategies, given both the performance objective and constraints; testing and simulation required for active, continuous learning; and the robust extrapolation of an optimized strategy to a wider set of scenarios than historically encountered. Our optimization capabilities also include native support for Python modeling, as well as our own proprietary mathematical modeling and programming language, an easy-to-use authoring environment, a configurable business simulation and scenario management interface and a set of pre-built optimization algorithms. 
 Transaction Profiling 
 Transaction profiling is a patent-protected technique used to extract meaningful information and reduce the complexity of transaction data used in modeling. Many of our products operate using transactional data, such as credit card purchase transactions, consumer interactions, or other types of data that change over time. In its raw form, this data is very difficult to use in predictive models for several reasons. First, an isolated transaction contains very little information about the behavior of the individual who generated the transaction. Second, transaction patterns change rapidly over time. Third, this type of data can often be highly complex. To overcome these issues, we have developed a set of techniques that transform raw transactional data into a mathematical representation that reveals latent information, and which make the data more usable by predictive models. This profiling technology accumulates data across multiple transactions of many types to create and update profiles of transaction patterns. These profiles enable our neural network models to efficiently and effectively make accurate assessments of, for example, fraud risk and credit risk within real-time transaction streams. 
 Customer Data Integration 
 Decisions made about customers or prospects can benefit from data stored in multiple sources, both inside and outside the enterprise. In the areas of analytics and digital decisioning, more data is generally better. We have developed proprietary data ingestion and management tools that are able to assemble and integrate disparate data sources into a unified view of the customer, household, or other subject through the application of persistent keying technology. This data can include structured or unstructured data. In addition, our technology can integrate multiple data sources in real-time and make them available for rapid analysis and decisions such as credit approval, fraud detection and next best offer workflows. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 We believe our analytic tools and solutions are among the best commercially available, and that we are uniquely positioned to integrate advanced analytic, software and data technologies into mission-critical business solutions that offer superior returns on investment. 
 
 FICO Platform 
 FICO Platform is an analytic and decisioning environment that empowers businesses to configure solutions that orchestrate and operationalize high velocity decisions that matter, at scale. Users of FICO Platform can bring together data from multiple sources, apply advanced analytics to derive insights, and translate those insights into actions and workflows that can be executed in real-time. Based on a modular cloud architecture, FICO Platform can be configured by our customers to solve a vast array of business challenges. FICO Platform delivers increasing value to our customers over time as they add additional analytic capabilities, configure their own solutions or utilize pre-configured solutions to address a diverse set of use cases and integrate disparate analytic and decisioning silos onto a centralized, scalable platform. This drives additional subscription software revenue for FICO over time as customers purchase more FICO Platform capabilities and pay for more usage of those capabilities. 
 Our goal is to move substantially all of FICO s current software products onto FICO Platform. For example, FICO s industry leading rules-based decisioning engine, FICO Blaze Advisor decision rules management system, is now available on FICO Platform as FICO Decision Modeler. In addition, many core capabilities of FICO s current software products are now part of FICO Platform, enabling solutions such as Originations and Customer Management. We believe this strategy of moving our software products to FICO Platform will result in revenue growth through follow-on land and expand sales to existing FICO Platform customers and more sales to medium-sized businesses typically served through value-added resellers and systems integrators. 
 Our annual recurring revenue ARR from FICO Platform based products was 227.0 million as of September 30, 2024, representing 31 of our total software ARR. For information about ARR, refer to Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Annual Recurring Revenue , in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Our Offerings 
 We sell our software primarily as analytic and decisioning software or pre-configured solutions. Our software offerings are sold both individually and as integrated bundles of multiple products. 
 
 Analytic and Decisioning Software 
 FICO analytic and decisioning software offerings use proprietary and open source microservices and capabilities to enable both business users and data scientists to develop and execute advanced analytics and decision modeling. Our key products in this category include: 
 FICO Decision Modeler and FICO Blaze Advisor are our core decision rules modeling tools, which enable users to flexibly author and manage decision rules and strategies. FICO Decision Modeler delivers the functionality of our industry leading FICO Blaze Advisor product, with the added benefit of seamless integration into FICO Platform. FICO Blaze Advisor, the predecessor to FICO Decision Modeler, is available as an off-platform product. 
 FICO Xpress Optimization provides operations research professionals and business analysts with world-class solvers and productivity tools to determine optimal outcomes for a wide range of industry problems. FICO Xpress Optimization includes a powerful modeling and programming language to quickly model and solve even the largest optimization problems. FICO Xpress Optimization runs on FICO Platform. 
 FICO Analytics Workbench TM is a predictive analytics tool that allows businesses to create and deploy explainable machine learning models for use in decisions that typically require strict governance and compliance, often including regulatory oversight. FICO Analytics Workbench runs on FICO Platform. 
 FICO Data Orchestrator is a data retrieval and mapping solution that can access, gather, and transform data from corporate or public facing information services. FICO Data Orchestrator runs on FICO Platform. 
 FICO DMP Streaming is a real-time and batch data ingestion solution that uniquely delivers in-stream analytics for real-time data insights and complex event processing. 
 FICO Business Outcome Simulator enables business users to run a wide variety of insightful scenarios to assess how their business is likely to perform under varying conditions and assumptions. It unlocks insights into how key outcomes will likely shift in the face of changing competitor strategy, macroeconomic changes, evolving customer preferences, and more. FICO Business Outcome Simulator runs on FICO Platform. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 FICO Decision Optimizer helps business users understand how different customers will react to a variety of different actions that are being considered. Once that link is understood, FICO Decision Optimizer identifies the combination of actions most likely to lead to the desired portfolio outcomes through decisions such as who to offer a new product, what limit and/or price to offer, or how to treat delinquent customers. FICO Decision Optimizer runs on FICO Platform. 
 
 Pre-Configured Solutions 
 FICO's pre-configured solutions optimize customer interactions in real-time, driving greater customer engagement and improving business results. They enable acquisition and growth marketing, account activation and management, omni-channel communication, risk assessment, and fraud detection and prevention. Key FICO solutions currently offered include: 
 FICO Fraud Solutions empower organizations to safeguard the business and their customers from payments fraud and application fraud. Leveraging advanced analytic capabilities on a large scale and in real-time, FICO Fraud Solutions identify fraud and enable strategies designed to prevent fraud across payment cards, money transfers, and instances where stolen or synthetic identities are exploited to open accounts. Our models are continually improved using a proprietary, global data set of transaction data contributed by more than 10,000 institutions that participate in the FICO Falcon Intelligence Network. Certain Fraud Solutions capabilities are available on FICO Platform today, and we plan to make additional Fraud Solutions capabilities available on FICO Platform in the future. 
 FICO Originations Solution is an application-to-decision credit originations solution. It enables banks, credit unions, finance companies, online lenders, auto lenders, and other companies to automate and improve the processing of requests for credit. Our Originations Solution increases the speed, consistency and efficiency with which requests are handled, reducing losses, and increasing approval rates through the application of sophisticated policies and analytics that assess applicant risk and reduce the need for manual review by underwriters. Certain Originations capabilities are available on FICO Platform today, and we plan to make additional Originations capabilities available on FICO Platform in the future. 
 FICO Customer Communication Service is an intelligent omnichannel digital communication manager for resolving customer interactions. It enables businesses to automate individualized customer dialogues with the same consistency and regulatory compliance as their human agents. With Customer Communication Service, businesses can be available 24/7 for one-way or two-way communication through any channel their consumers choose. Businesses can rapidly launch mobile alerts, messaging, virtual agents, self-service options, and other auto-resolution capabilities. It helps make the full customer journey more efficient and raises the level of data-driven digital intelligence behind lifecycle communications. Certain Customer Communication capabilities are available on FICO Platform today, and we plan to make additional Customer Communication capabilities available on FICO Platform in the future. 
 FICO Strategy Director and FICO TRIAD Customer Manager enable businesses to automate and improve risk-based decisions for their existing credit customers. These products help businesses apply advanced analytics in credit account and customer decisions to increase portfolio revenue and reduce risk exposure and losses, while improving customer retention. They also allow users to manage risk and communications at both the account and customer level from a single place. FICO Strategy Director runs on FICO Platform. FICO TRIAD Customer Manager, the predecessor to FICO Strategy Director, is available as an off-platform product. 
 
 FICO Professional Services 
 FICO offers a range of professional services designed to help customers install and configure our software, develop and deploy advanced analytics using our software, and improve customer satisfaction and retention. 
 FICO Implementation Services. We often sell software implementation and configuration services in conjunction with our on-premises and SaaS subscriptions, and our license sales. The FICO implementation services team leverages their deep expertise in our products and their extensive industry-specific knowledge to help our customers implement and configure FICO software rapidly and effectively. 
 FICO Analytic Services. We build custom analytics, decision models and related analytics, and perform machine learning projects for clients in multiple industries. These analytic services help to improve critical business processes and operationalize analytics using FICO software products. Most of our engagements utilize predictive analytics, decision modeling and optimization to provide greater insight into customer preferences and help predict future customer behavior. 
 FICO Advisors. FICO Advisors are business consultants accelerating the practical use of FICO solutions through data-driven analytics, strategic design, and software applications. Our seasoned practitioners are uniquely valued for their credit lifecycle risk and fraud knowledge and can help drive measurable results in an ever-dynamic economic market. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Our professional services are sold on an hourly time and materials basis or for a fixed project fee. 
 
 MARKETS AND CUSTOMERS 
 Our scores and software products and services serve clients in multiple industries, including banking, insurance, retail, healthcare and public agencies. End users of our products include three-quarters of each of the largest 100 financial institutions in the U.S. and the largest 100 banks in the world. Our clients also include more than 600 insurers, including eight of the top ten U.S. property and casualty insurers; more than 300 retailers and general merchandisers; and more than 200 government or public agencies. Seven of the top ten companies on the 2024 Fortune 500 list use one or more of our solutions. In addition, our consumer solutions are marketed to more than 200 million U.S. consumers whose credit relationships are reported to the three major U.S. consumer reporting agencies. 
 The majority of our scores are marketed and sold through consumer reporting agencies. During fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, revenues generated from our agreements with Experian, TransUnion and Equifax collectively accounted for 45 , 41 and 39 of our total revenues, respectively. We also sell our scores and credit monitoring directly to consumers through our myFICO.com on-line subscription offerings. Outside of the U.S., we sell our scores through consumer reporting agencies, other third-party distributors, and in some cases directly to large end-users. 
 We market our software products and services primarily through our own direct sales organization that is organized around vertical and geographic markets. Sales teams are based in our headquarters and in field offices strategically located around the world. We also market our products through indirect channels, including alliance partners and other resellers. As more capabilities are made available on FICO Platform, we expect our sales through indirect channels to grow. We are investing significant resources to develop our indirect channel relationships. 
 Our largest market segment is financial services, representing 92 of our total revenue during fiscal 2024. Our largest geographic market is the Americas, representing 84 of our total revenue during fiscal 2024. 
 
 COMPETITION 
 The market for our solutions is intensely competitive and is constantly changing. Our competitors vary both in size and in the scope of the products and services they offer. We encounter competition from several sources, including: 
 in-house analytic and systems developers; 
 neural network developers and artificial intelligence system builders; 
 fraud solution providers; 
 scoring model builders; 
 providers of credit reports and credit scores; 
 software companies supplying predictive analytic modeling, rules, or analytic development tools; 
 entity resolution and social network analysis solutions providers; 
 providers of customer engagement and risk management solutions; 
 providers of account workflow management software; 
 business process management and decision rules management providers; 
 enterprise resource planning and customer relationship management solutions providers; 
 business intelligence solutions providers; 
 providers of automated application processing services; and 
 third-party professional services and consulting organizations. 
 
 We believe we offer customers a unique mix of products, expertise and capabilities that allows us to compete effectively in our target markets. However, many of our competitors are larger than FICO, have more development, sales and marketing resources than FICO, and some have larger shares of our target geographic or product markets. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 We believe the principal competitive factors affecting our markets include technical performance; access to unique proprietary analytical models and data; product attributes like adaptability, scalability, interoperability, functionality, and ease-of-use; on-premises and SaaS product availability; product price; customer service and support; the effectiveness of sales and marketing efforts; existing market penetration; and reputation. Although we believe our products and services compete favorably with respect to these factors, we may not be able to maintain our competitive position against current and future competitors. 
 
 Scores 
 In our Scores segment, we compete with both outside suppliers and in-house analytics. Primary competitors among outside suppliers of scoring models are the three major consumer reporting agencies in the U.S. and Canada, which are also our partners in offering our scoring solutions, and VantageScore (a joint venture entity established by the three major U.S. consumer reporting agencies), which is selling a credit scoring product competitive with our products. Additional competitors include consumer reporting agencies outside the U.S. like CRIF Ratings, which operates in the European Union, and other data providers like LexisNexis and ChoicePoint, some of which also are our partners. 
 For our offerings that deliver credit scores, credit reports and consumer credit education solutions directly to consumers, we compete with other direct to consumer credit and identity services such as Credit Karma, Credit Sesame, Experian and TransUnion, some of which are also our partners. 
 
 Software 
 The competition in our Software segment varies by application. In the fraud market for banking, we compete primarily with Nice Actimize, Experian, Pegasystems, BAE Systems Applied Intelligence, SAS, ACI Worldwide, IBM, Feedzai and Featurespace. In the customer origination market, we compete with Experian, Equifax, Moody s, Meridian Link, and CGI, among others. In the customer management market, we compete with Experian and SAS, among others. In the marketing services market, we compete with Pegasystems, Equifax, Experian, SAS, Adobe and Salesforce, among others. In the decision platform market, we compete with Pegasystems, IBM and SAS, among others. 

PRODUCT PROTECTION AND TRADEMARKS 
 
 We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements and procedures to protect our proprietary rights. 
 We retain the title to and protect the suite of models and software used to develop scoring models as a trade secret. We also restrict access to our source code and limit access to and distribution of our software, documentation, and other proprietary information. We have generally relied upon the laws protecting trade secrets and upon contractual nondisclosure safeguards and restrictions on transferability to protect our software and proprietary interests in our product and service methodology and know-how. Our confidentiality procedures include invention assignment and proprietary information agreements with our employees and independent contractors, and nondisclosure agreements with our distributors, strategic partners, and customers. We also claim copyright protection for certain proprietary software and documentation. 
 We have patents on many of our technologies and have patent applications pending on other technologies. The patents we hold may not be upheld as valid and may not prevent the development of competitive products. In addition, patents may never be issued on our pending patent applications or on any future applications that we may submit. As of September 30, 2024, we held 198 U.S. and 29 foreign patents, with 75 applications pending. 
 Despite our precautions, it may be possible for competitors or users to copy or reproduce aspects of our software or to obtain information that we regard as trade secrets. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the U.S. Patents and other protections for our intellectual property are important, but we believe our success and growth will depend principally on such factors as the knowledge, ability, experience and creative skills of our personnel, new products, frequent product enhancements and name recognition. 
 We have developed technologies for research projects conducted under agreements with various U.S. government agencies or their subcontractors. Although we have acquired commercial rights to these technologies, the U.S. government typically retains ownership of intellectual property rights and licenses in the technologies that we develop under these contracts. In some cases, the U.S. government can terminate our rights to these technologies if we fail to commercialize them on a timely basis. In addition, under U.S. government contracts, the government may make the results of our research public, which could limit our competitive advantage with respect to future products based on funded research. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 We have used, registered and/or applied to register certain trademarks and service marks for our technologies, products and services. As of September 30, 2024, we had 24 trademarks registered in the U.S. and select foreign countries. 
 GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION 
 
 We are subject to a number of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that involve matters central to our business. Laws and governmental regulation affect how our business is conducted and, in some cases, subject us to the possibility of government supervision or enforcement and future lawsuits arising from our products and services. Laws and governmental regulations also influence our current and prospective customers activities, as well as their expectations and needs in relation to our products and services. Laws and regulations that may affect our business and our current and prospective customers activities include, but are not limited to, those summarized below. 
 Many U.S. and foreign jurisdictions have passed, or are currently contemplating, a variety of consumer protection, data privacy, and cyber and data security laws and regulations that may relate to our business or the business of our customers or affect the demand for our products and services. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR in the United Kingdom U.K. and the European Union E.U. imposes, among other things, strict obligations and restrictions on the collection and use of U.K. and E.U. personal data, a requirement for prompt notice of data breaches in certain circumstances, a requirement for implementation of certain approved safeguards (such as the use of approved standard contractual clauses and the performance of appropriate data transfer impact assessments) for transfers of personal data to other countries that have not been determined by the E.U. or the U.K. to provide adequate data privacy protections, and possible substantial fines for any violations. Our implementation of processes to meet such requirements for affected data flows, which may involve interpretive issues, and may have an adverse impact on cross-border transfers of personal data, may subject us or our customers to additional scrutiny from E.U. and U.K. regulators or may increase our costs of compliance associated with maintaining appropriate certifications, performing any necessary assessments, engaging in contract negotiations with third parties and implementing approved standard contractual clauses, and/or (if appropriate) localizing certain data processing activities. Numerous other countries have introduced and, in some cases, enacted, similar data privacy and cyber and data security laws. 
 The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA gives California residents certain privacy rights in the collection and disclosure of their personal information and requires businesses to make certain disclosures and take certain other acts in furtherance of those rights. Additionally, effective January 1, 2023, the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA revised and significantly expanded the scope of the CCPA. The CPRA also created a new agency, the California Privacy Protection Agency, authorized to implement and enforce the CCPA and the CPRA. Numerous other U.S. states have considered similar privacy laws, with many of those states having passed such laws with respective effective dates ranging from 2023 through 2026. 
 The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ("GLBA") regulates, among other things, the receipt, use, disclosure, and security of non-public personal information of consumers held by financial institutions and applies indirectly to companies that provide services to financial institutions. As a provider of services to financial institutions, portions of our business are subject to obligations to comply with certain GLBA provisions, including limitations on the use or disclosure of the underlying data and rules relating to the technological, physical and administrative safeguarding of non-public personal information. 
 The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 HIPAA and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), and their respective implementing regulations impose specified requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s security standards directly applicable to business associates. We function as a business associate for certain of our customers that are HIPAA-covered entities and service providers and, in that context, we are regulated as a business associate for the purposes of HIPAA. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act prohibits unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices UDAAP with respect to the offering of consumer financial products and services and provides the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB with enforcement authority to enforce those provisions as well as certain enumerated federal consumer financial laws. In certain circumstances, the CFPB also has examination and supervision powers with respect to service providers who provide a material service to a covered financial institution offering consumer financial products and services. Further, the CFPB has authority to issue rules designating non-depository larger participants in certain markets for consumer financial services and products for purposes of the CFPB s supervisory authority under the Dodd-Frank Act, which the CFPB has done for several markets including the consumer reporting market. Such designated larger participants are subject to reporting and on-site compliance examinations by the CFPB, which may result in increased compliance costs and potentially greater enforcement risks based on these supervisory activities. In addition, the laws and regulations issued by U.S. and foreign regulators of some of our largest financial institution customers may require them to flow down certain contractual obligations, exercise greater oversight, and perform more rigorous audits of their key service providers such as us. 
 The Federal Trade Commission Act (the FTC Act prohibits unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive acts or practices. Under the FTC Act, the FTC s jurisdiction includes the ability to bring enforcement actions based on the security measures we employ to safeguard the personal data of consumers. Allegations that we failed to safeguard or handle such data in a reasonable manner may subject us to regulatory scrutiny or enforcement action. 
 The U.S. Fair Credit Reporting Act (the FCRA applies to consumer reporting agencies, as well as data furnishers, and users of consumer reports such as banks and other companies, many of which are our customers. The FCRA provisions govern the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies that engage in the practice of assembling or evaluating information relating to consumers for certain specified purposes. The FCRA limits the type of information that may be reported by consumer reporting agencies, limits the distribution and use of consumer reports, establishes consumer rights to access and dispute their own credit files, includes provisions designed to prevent identity theft and assist fraud victims, requires consumer reporting agencies to make a free annual credit report available to consumers and imposes many other requirements on consumer reporting agencies, data furnishers and users of consumer report information. These requirements can affect the manner and extent to which our customers use our products and services. 
 A number of states have enacted requirements similar to the FCRA. Some of these state laws impose additional, or more stringent, requirements than the FCRA, especially in connection with investigations and responses to reported inaccuracies in consumer reports. The FCRA preempts some of these state laws, but the scope of preemption continues to be defined by the courts. Various consumer credit laws and regulations in the foreign countries where we conduct business also affect the products and services we offer to our customers. 
 The Credit Repair Organizations Act (the CROA regulates companies that claim to be able to assist consumers in improving their credit standing. There have been efforts to apply the CROA to credit monitoring services offered by consumer reporting agencies and others, which may impact certain of our products and services. 
 Special requirements may apply to us when providing services directly or indirectly to U.S. federal, state and local government agencies. The applicable requirements depend upon the monetary value of the awarded contract, the particular government agency awarding or funding the contract, the scope of services to be delivered, and the level of access that the agency will need to provide to us to enable us to perform the contract. For example, we may need to abide by the Privacy Act of 1974, the Internal Revenue Service s Publication 4812, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation and associated supplemental contract clauses. Each of these laws, regulations and contract clauses imposes certain requirements, including measures for the protection of personal information or information that is otherwise categorized as sensitive by the government. Government agencies frequently modify or supplement these requirements, and consequences for violations of applicable requirements may include penalties, civil liability and for severe infractions, criminal liability. 
 There has been an increased focus on laws and regulations related to our business and the business of our customers, including by U.S. regulators such as the CFPB, relating to policy concerns regarding the operation of consumer reporting agencies, the use and accuracy of credit and alternative data, the costs of consumer reports and credit scores, the use of credit scores and fair lending, and the use, transparency, and fairness of algorithms, artificial intelligence, and machine learning in business processes. For example, the CFPB has initiated a public request for information relating to fees charged by providers of mortgages and related settlement services, including fees for consumer reports and credit scores. In addition, the CFPB has indicated that it intends to issue rules under the FCRA that would extend the FCRA to certain business practices not currently subject to that statute. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 The European Commission has finalized the EU AI Act, which establishes requirements for the provision and use of products that leverage artificial intelligence systems, including in credit scoring. The EU AI Act entered into force on August 1, 2024 and its provisions take effect between six and 36 months after that date, with most of those provisions becoming effective in 2026. Other countries, as well as the executive branch of the U.S. government and a number of U.S. states, are considering or have implemented regulations or standards applicable to artificial intelligence technologies. 
 Additional laws and regulations that may affect our business and our current and prospective customers activities include, but are not limited to, those in the following significant regulatory areas: 
 Laws and regulations that limit the use of credit scoring models (e.g., state mortgage trigger or inquiries laws, state insurance restrictions on the use of credit-based insurance scores, and the E.U. Consumer Credit Directive). 
 Fair lending laws (e.g., the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Regulation B, and the Fair Housing Act) and laws and regulations that may impose requirements relating to algorithmic fairness or accountability. 
 The Cybersecurity Act of 2015; the U.S. Department of Commerce s National Institute of Standards and Technology s Cybersecurity Framework; the Clarifying Lawful Overseas Use of Data Act; cyber incident notice requirements for banks and their service providers under rules and regulations issued by federal banking regulators; cybersecurity incident disclosure requirements for public companies under regulations issued by the SEC; and identity theft, file freezing, and similar state privacy laws. 
 Laws and regulations related to extension of credit to consumers through the Electronic Fund Transfers Act and Regulation E, as well as non governmental VISA and MasterCard electronic payment standards. 
 Laws and regulations applicable to secondary market participants (e.g., The Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae and The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac )) that could have an impact on our scoring products and revenues, including 12 CFR Part 1254 (Validation and Approval of Credit Score Models) issued by the Federal Housing Finance Agency in accordance with Section 310 of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 115-174), and any regulations, standards or criteria established pursuant to such laws or regulations, including the ongoing validation and approval of the use of the FICO Score by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and the Federal Housing Finance Agency. 
 Laws and regulations applicable to our customer communication clients and their use of our products and services (e.g., the Telemarketing Sales Rule, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the CAN-SPAM Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, and regulations promulgated thereunder, and similar state laws and similar laws in other countries). 
 Laws and regulations applicable to our insurance clients and their use of our insurance products and services. 
 The application or extension of consumer protection laws, including implementing regulations (e.g., the Consumer Financial Protection Act, the Truth In Lending Act and Regulation Z, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and Regulation F, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, and the Military Lending Act, and similar state consumer protection laws). 
 Laws and regulations governing the use of the Internet and social media, telemarketing, advertising, endorsements and testimonials. 
 Anti-money laundering laws and regulations (e.g., the Bank Secrecy Act and the USA PATRIOT Act). 
 Laws and regulations restricting transactions with sanctioned parties and regarding export controls as they apply to FICO products delivered in non-U.S. countries or to foreign nationals (e.g., Office of Foreign Asset Control sanctions and Export Administration Regulations). 
 Financial regulatory standards (e.g., Sarbanes-Oxley Act requirements to maintain and verify internal process controls, including controls for material event awareness and notification). 
 Laws and regulations that apply to outsourcing of services by our clients, and that set forth requirements for managing third parties (e.g., vendors, contractors, suppliers and distributors). 
 Laws and regulations relating to the environmental, social and governance, or sustainability, practices of companies, including enhanced climate-related disclosure requirements from regulators, such as California and the SEC, and the E.U. s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive. 
 We are also subject to federal and state laws that are generally applicable to any U.S. business with national or international operations, such as antitrust laws, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, state unfair or deceptive practices acts and various employment laws. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our People 
 As of September 30, 2024, we employed 3,586 persons across 27 countries. Of these, our largest representation includes 1,309 (36 based in the U.S., 1,367 (38 based in India and 264 (7 based in the U.K. Other than to the extent mandated by applicable law in certain foreign jurisdictions, none of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and no work stoppages were experienced during fiscal 2024. 
 Our Board of Directors (our Board and executive leadership team believe that our people are vital to our success. The Leadership Development and Compensation Committee (the LDCC of our Board oversees all human capital management policies, programs, and strategies, including but not limited to those regarding talent recruitment, development, retention, health and safety, organizational culture, employee engagement, diversity, and compensation and benefit programs. The LDCC also periodically reviews and reports to the Board with respect to succession planning for our Chief Executive Officer and other senior management positions. In addition, our Chief Human Resources Officer reports to our Board periodically on people-focused programs. 
 
 Employee Engagement 
 For the past decade, we have conducted quarterly workforce surveys to measure employee engagement and gain feedback and insights from our people about ways to improve the employee experience and the effectiveness of our business operations. Detailed findings from these surveys are promptly communicated to all employees, individual managers, the executive team and our Board and the findings are leveraged to drive positive organizational change. We involve designated human resources business partners and learning consultants who work with senior leaders to explore findings, identify high value actions and amplify messaging to help our people understand how survey participation can connect to positive change. 
 Examples of organizational changes that have been driven by the insights from these surveys include investments in expanded workforce capacity, policies designed to ensure applicant pools are appropriately diverse prior to hiring decisions taking place, broadened and more frequent company-wide communications, increased employee stock ownership by significantly expanding the recipients of equity-based awards, expanded benefit programs including paid parental leave, well-being, family building, childcare reimbursement and company-funded transportation programs, enhanced incentive plan funding, and expanded investments in professional development targeting leadership and technical skills, as well as culture-based initiatives to promote inclusiveness and belonging. 
 Our engagement scores have steadily strengthened over the past year, and nearly all driver scores remain well above their published external benchmark. We have recently experienced a remarkably low undesired attrition rate which, over the past 12-month period, is the lowest we have experienced in decades and well below competitive market rates. 
 
 Organizational Culture 
 FICO is committed to building and reinforcing a culture where individual differences and perspectives are valued. We believe that diverse teams can better relate to and deliver against the many and varied needs of our clients. We also believe that promoting a culture where individual differences are both welcomed and valued allows us to attract the best talent while allowing people to reach their full potential. 
 Foundationally, we have adopted a Commitment to Inclusion and Belonging Policy which provides that all employment-related decisions be made in compliance with established equal opportunity statutes. Accordingly, all decisions to employ, transfer, promote, train, compensate, or otherwise provide access to benefit programs are to be made in accordance with these statutes. In addition, in the U.S. we have established an Affirmative Action Program and underlying plans for office locations with 50 or more employees to formally measure, report on, and identify needed actions to close any gaps involving the utilization and advancement of women, minorities, disabled persons, and veterans. All employees receive mandatory training and testing on this and other foundational and compliance policies during the on-boarding process and every two years thereafter, with people managers receiving training regarding their unique leadership responsibilities. As examples, we have a mandatory training program to identify, prevent and combat prohibited harassment, as well as training and dialogue sessions designed to build understanding of unconscious biases and strategies to overcome them. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Building on this foundation, we sponsor and provide dedicated funding to multiple employee resource groups ERGs that help support our goals of workforce engagement and a strong sense of inclusion and belonging. FICO ERGs focus on women, race/ethnicity, LGBTQ+, and community support groups. All FICO ERGs are open to everyone at FICO to join. Our FICO Cares ERG encourages our people to connect with and contribute to their community. We encourage employees to participate in volunteer activities by providing work schedule flexibility and paid Community Volunteer Leave. We also encourage and match employee cash donations to qualified charitable organizations through our Corporate Matching Gift Program. 
 Across our global workforce, as of September 30, 2024, the percentage of males and females was 67 and 33 , respectively. Looking at our U.S. workforce, as of September 30, 2024, 45 were racially/ethnically diverse employees who are members of a protected class. 
 As one strategy to accelerate progress in expanding workforce diversity, we engage in targeted campus recruiting efforts. In the U.S., we maintain and continue to expand our partnership with the Management Leadership for Tomorrow (MLT.org) organization which helps us connect with racially diverse college students for summer internships followed by offers of full-time employment upon graduation. Also in the U.S., our FICO Educational Analytics Challenge program involves close partnerships with Historically Black Colleges and Universities through which we sponsor data science-focused projects with these experiences helping to fuel diversity recruiting efforts. In addition, our campus recruiting program in India, which targets software engineering and data science graduates, has yielded a female hiring ratio averaging near 50 annually in each of the past several years, helping us increase the percentage of women in our organization. 
 Additional information on our diversity programs and efforts are available on the Corporate Responsibility page of our website at www.fico.com/en/corporate-responsibility . Information contained on our website is not deemed part of or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Talent Recruitment 
 We leverage organizational culture as a competitive advantage in our efforts to attract people from the broadest possible talent pool. We deploy selection practices designed to ensure strong alignment between candidate qualifications and knowledge and skills needed for success in each role, while avoiding unconscious biases through hiring manager education and use of decision tools. We have adopted a policy that seeks a level of qualified applicant pool diversity to be achieved prior to offer extension as a strategy for building workforce diversity along with high quality hires. Further, in the U.S., we detail our targeted base pay ranges on all public job postings and prohibit our recruiters from inquiring about a candidate s current level of compensation. Our focus on the professional development of our people drives the internal posting of virtually all job opportunities. And, consistent with our remarkably low undesired attrition rate, FICO has significantly strengthened its position as an employer of choice over the past year, resulting in very attractive external candidate pools. 
 
 Professional Development 
 To support professional development, we offer a structured onboarding program with training specific to a variety of identified career paths to help new employees become rapidly engaged and productive. We have invested in building the FICO Integrated Learning Organization ILO ), which is led by our Chief Learning Officer. The ILO develops customized learning content for colleagues, clients and partners around the world. We deliver high quality, targeted new hire onboarding, technology and product skill training, compliance and management and leadership education through this FICO Learning platform. This allows our employees to obtain the knowledge and skills to effectively perform in their current roles, while also preparing them for new opportunities. We also offer financial support for degreed or certificated programs through a tuition reimbursement program. 
 We have defined specific career paths for all major functions in our organization so that our people understand how they can progress in their career by expanding their knowledge and skills. In doing so, our job titling system reflects both individual contributor (or technical) career tracks and people management career tracks to reinforce our philosophy that people can grow professionally in either track. 
 To further consistent administration, we conduct annual company-wide performance reviews supported by the use of performance rubrics for each major function. These rubrics set forth clear behavioral expectations for each function through a set of objective descriptors organized across our three levels of performance (Improvement Needed, Achieved Expectations, and Outstanding). In addition to rubrics, outcome-based goals are established for each individual based upon his/her specific role and priorities. Evaluation across both behavioral and outcome-based dimensions yields an overall performance assessment. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We define a promotion as an increase in pay band linked to the proven ability to be successful in the next level of responsibility. Our structured promotion process takes place twice annually with promotions to all job levels including senior job levels occurring with our year-end cycle (October/November) and promotions to lower and middle job levels taking place with our mid-year cycle (April/May). This process supports an integrated approach yielding improved consistency in promotion decisions, including that all groups are representatively recognized. Approximately 20 of our people are recognized via promotion each year. 
 
 Succession Planning 
 We actively assess talent across the organization to optimize deployment of resources, encourage professional development, drive accountability, and identify and take actions to mitigate undesired attrition risk. At the mid-point of each fiscal year, talent assessments are performed by people managers for each team member. These assessments include a mid-year performance rating and a leadership strength rating, the combination of which yields a Talent Management Score ranging from one to nine with recommended follow-up actions associated with each score. In addition, managers identify any significant attrition risks and underlying drivers and develop related mitigation plans. Finally, for each senior leader role, managers identify potential successor candidates along with targeted development needs to encourage readiness. 
 For vice president-level roles, the executive team plays a central role through a process we refer to as Session C. This process involves a detailed evaluation of each vice president incumbent using several tools including a personal biography written by the incumbent identifying key accomplishments, career growth aspirations, and champions that can articulate their contributions. In addition, managers complete a Leader Profile for each vice president incumbent highlighting key strengths, development progress over the past year, go-forward development plans, attrition risks and drivers, and succession insights. All of these materials are centrally reviewed and discussed by the executive team during a multi-day meeting. After discussing incumbent vice presidents, the executive team evaluates any proposed candidates for promotion to vice president using a combination of promotion recommendation forms prepared by the sponsoring manager, a 360-degree performance evaluation involving self-evaluation, manager evaluation, direct report evaluation, and insights gathered from key stakeholders. Candidates for vice president-level promotion are placed on-deck for a one- to three-year period for observation prior to any promotion decision being finalized. This approach drives high quality, consistent decisions while ensuring our highest potential candidates are properly developed and ready when promoted. 
 
 Compensation and Benefit Programs 
 We regularly participate in market-based compensation surveys, seek the advice of outside experts, and leverage new hire, peer equity, and unplanned attrition trend data to ensure that our base pay and incentive structures are competitive. We create a strong sense of shared purpose by having our CEO and each member of our executive leadership team participate in the same annual cash incentive bonus plan, as all non-sales employees across our organization. 
 Beyond our structured promotion cycles, all compensation actions are determined in November following the conclusion of the year-end performance review process in October. This includes promotion and market-based base pay adjustments, annual bonus awards, and long-term incentive awards. This rewards-planning cycle ensures strong linkage between performance and rewards, and it allows for centralized review and refinement of reward recommendations leading to high quality and representative decisions. 
 Over the course of the past decade, we ve steadily and significantly expanded participation in our annual performance-based equity program from 7 to just over 33 of our workforce. In addition, we offer an Employee Stock Purchase Plan for eligible employees, which is designed to promote even broader equity participation. 
 We offer competitive health and welfare benefit plans with significant company subsidies to offset premiums, retirement plans with a competitive company match to encourage participation and flexible paid-time-off programs including vacation, sick time and disability time. We have paid Maternity and Parental Leave benefits totaling up to 12 weeks, and we have adopted a Well-Being Program designed to provide broad-based physical and mental health education and personal health coaching, as well as quarterly cash Wellness Awards designed to help employees fund wellness-related purchases which they find most valuable. In addition, we have a global Family Building Benefit program, which provides infertility, cryopreservation, surrogacy and adoption support services. In India, we have a Childcare Reimbursement program to assist parents of young children. 
 
 Promoting a Healthy and Safe Work Environment 
 We are committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace. We continuously strive to meet or exceed compliance with all laws, regulations and accepted practices pertaining to workplace safety. All employees and contractors are required to comply with established safety policies, standards, and procedures. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 We foster a healthy work/life balance for our people via both remote and hybrid work location policies that provide significant flexibility surrounding work location and work schedules. We have also substantially reduced employee travel to only essential business needs in favor of ongoing video-based meetings. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Business, Market and Strategy Risks 
 We may not be successful in executing the business strategy for our Software segment, which could cause our growth prospects and results of operations to suffer. 
 We have increasingly focused our Software segment s business strategy on investing significant development resources to enable substantially all of our software to run on FICO Platform, our modular software offering designed to enable advanced analytics and decisioning use cases. This business strategy is designed to enable us to increase our business by selling multiple connectable and extensible products to clients, as well as to enable the development of custom client solutions and to allow our clients to more easily expand their usage and the use cases they enable over time. The market may be unreceptive to our general business approach, including being unreceptive to our cloud-based offerings, unreceptive to purchasing multiple products from us, or unreceptive to our customized solutions. As we continue to pursue this business strategy, we may experience volatility in our Software segment s revenues and operating results caused by various factors, including the differences in revenue recognition treatment and timing between our cloud-based offerings and on-premises software licenses, the timing of investments and other expenditures necessary to develop and operate our cloud-based offerings, and the adoption of new sales, delivery and distribution methods. If this business strategy is not successful, we may not be able to grow our Software segment s business, growth may occur more slowly than we anticipate, or revenues and profits may decline. 
 We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of products and services, and if the market does not continue to accept these products and services, our revenues will decline. 
 We expect that revenues derived from our scoring solutions, fraud solutions, customer communication services, customer management solutions and decision management software will continue to account for a substantial portion of our total revenues for the foreseeable future. Our revenues will decline if the market does not continue to accept these products and services. Factors that might affect the market acceptance of these products and services include the following: 
 changes in the business analytics industry; 
 changes in technology; 
 our inability to obtain or use key data for our products; 
 saturation or contraction of market demand; 
 loss of key customers; 
 industry consolidation; 
 failure to successfully adopt cloud-based technologies; 
 our inability to obtain regulatory approvals for our products and services, including credit score models; 
 the increasing availability of free or relatively inexpensive consumer credit, credit score and other information from public or commercial sources; 
 failure to execute our selling approach; and 
 inability to successfully sell our products in new vertical markets. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to successfully develop new products or new versions of products, or if we experience defects, failures or delays associated with the introduction of new products or of new versions of products, our business could suffer serious harm. 
 Our growth and the success of our business strategy depend upon our ability to develop and sell new products and new versions of products, including the development and sale of our cloud-based product offerings and our scoring solutions. If we are unable to develop new or enhanced products, or if we are not successful in introducing new or enhanced products, we may not be able to grow our business or growth may occur more slowly than we anticipate. In addition, significant undetected errors or delays in new products or new versions of products may affect market acceptance of our products and could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. In the past, we have experienced delays while developing and introducing new products and product enhancements, primarily due to difficulties developing models, acquiring data, and adapting to particular software operating environments and certain client or other systems. We have also experienced errors or bugs in our software products, despite testing prior to release of the products. Software errors in our products could affect the ability of our products to work with other hardware or software products, could delay the development or release of new products or new versions of products, and could adversely affect market acceptance of our products. Errors or defects in our products that are significant, or are perceived to be significant, could result in rejection of our products, damage to our reputation, loss of revenues, diversion of development resources, an increase in product liability claims, and increases in service and support costs and warranty claims. 
 Our ability to increase our revenues will depend to some extent upon introducing new products and services and upon introducing enhancements and improvements to existing products and services. If the marketplace does not accept these new, enhanced or improved products and services, our revenues may decline. 
 To increase our revenues, we must enhance and improve existing products and services, and continue to introduce new products and services that keep pace with technological developments, satisfy increasingly sophisticated customer requirements and achieve market acceptance. We believe much of the future growth of our business and the success of our business strategy will rest on our ability to continue to expand into newer markets for our products and services. Such areas are relatively new to our product development and sales and marketing personnel. Products and services that we plan to market in the future are in various stages of development. We cannot assure you that the marketplace will accept these products and services. If our current or potential customers are not willing to switch to or adopt our new products and services, either as a result of the quality of these products and services or due to other factors, such as economic conditions, our revenues will decrease. 
 We rely on relatively few customers, as well as our contracts with the three major consumer reporting agencies, for a significant portion of our revenues and profits. Many of our customers are significantly larger than we are and may have greater bargaining power. The businesses of our largest customers depend, in large part, on favorable macroeconomic conditions. If these customers are negatively impacted by weak global economic conditions, global economic volatility or the terms of these relationships otherwise change, our revenues and operating results could decline. 
 Most of our customers are relatively large enterprises, such as banks, credit card issuers, insurers, retailers, telecommunications providers, automotive lenders, consumer reporting agencies, public agencies, and organizations in other industries. As a result, many of our customers and potential customers are significantly larger than we are and may have sufficient bargaining power to demand reduced prices and favorable nonstandard terms. 
 In addition, the U.S. and other key international economies have periodically experienced downturns in which economic activity is impacted by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, increased volatility of interest rates, fluctuating rates of inflation, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets, bankruptcies and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. The potential for economic disruption presents considerable risks to our business, including potential bankruptcies or credit deterioration of financial institutions with which we have substantial relationships. Economic disruption could result in a decline in the sales of new products to our customers and the volume of transactions that we execute for existing customers. In addition, the volume of our Scores sales depends heavily on macroeconomic conditions, including, for example, the volume of transactions in the U.S. mortgage and credit card markets, which account for a significant portion of the revenues in our Scores segment. 
 We also derive a substantial portion of our Scores segment revenues and operating income from our contracts with the three major consumer reporting agencies in the U.S., Experian, TransUnion and Equifax, and other parties that distribute our products to certain markets. The loss of or a significant change in a relationship with one of the three consumer reporting agencies with respect to their distribution of our products or with respect to our myFICO offerings, the loss of or a significant change in a relationship with a major customer, the loss of or a significant change in a relationship with a significant third-party distributor (including payment card processors), or the loss of or delay of significant revenues from these sources, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Our revenues depend, to a great extent, upon conditions in the banking (including consumer credit) industry. If our clients industry experiences uncertainty, it will likely harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 During fiscal 2024, 92 of our revenues were derived from sales of products and services to the banking industry. Periods of global economic uncertainty experienced in the past have produced substantial stress, volatility, illiquidity and disruption of global credit and other financial markets, resulting in the bankruptcy or acquisition of, or government assistance to, several major domestic and international financial institutions. The potential for future stress and disruptions, including in connection with geopolitical tensions, military conflicts, the level of inflation and the volatility of interest rates, presents considerable risks to our businesses and operations. These risks include potential bankruptcies or credit deterioration of financial institutions, many of which are our customers. Such disruption would result in a decline in the revenue we receive from financial and other institutions. In addition, if consumer demand for financial services and products and the number of credit applications decrease, the demand for our products and services could also be materially reduced. These types of disruptions could lead to a decline in the volumes of products and services we provide our customers and could negatively impact our revenue and results of operations. 
 While the rate of account growth in the U.S. banking industry has been slow, we have generated most of our revenue growth in the banking industry by selling and cross-selling our products and services to large banks and other credit issuers. If the banking industry experiences contraction in the number of participating institutions, we may have fewer opportunities for revenue growth due to reduced or changing demand for our products and services that support customer acquisition programs of our customers. In addition, industry contraction could affect the base of recurring revenues derived from contracts in which we are paid on a per-transaction basis as formerly separate customers combine their operations under one contract. There can be no assurance that we will be able to prevent future revenue contraction or effectively promote future revenue growth in our businesses. 
 While we expand our sales into international markets, the risks are greater as these markets are also experiencing substantial disruption and we are less well-known in them. 
 If use of the FICO Score by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were to cease or decline, it could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations and stock price. 
 A significant portion of our revenues in our Scores segment is attributable to the U.S. mortgage market, which includes, for mortgages eligible for purchase by The Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae and The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac ), a requirement by those enterprises that U.S. lenders provide FICO Scores for each mortgage delivered to them. However, their continued use of the FICO Score is subject to ongoing validation and approval by those enterprises and the Federal Housing Finance Agency FHFA ). If other credit score models are approved for use with mortgages delivered to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, or the FICO Score is not approved for continued use with those mortgages, it could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations and stock price. Other changes implemented by FHFA, Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac could also affect the demand for FICO Scores and thus could have similar adverse effects on our business, including, for example, a change permitting mortgage originators to underwrite loans using credit scores from only two of the three national consumer reporting agencies (a bi-merge report rather than from all three (a tri-merge report ). 
 We are subject to significant competition in the markets in which we operate, and our products and pricing strategies, and those of our competitors, could decrease our product sales and market share. 
 Demand for our products and services may be sensitive to product and pricing changes we implement, and our product and pricing strategies may not be accepted by the market. If our customers fail to accept our product and pricing strategies, our revenues, results of operations and business may suffer. The market for our solutions is intensely competitive and is constantly changing, and we expect competition to persist and intensify. Our regional and global competitors vary in size and in the scope of the products and services they offer, and include: 
 in-house analytic and systems developers; 
 neural network developers and artificial intelligence system builders; 
 fraud solutions providers; 
 scoring model builders; 
 providers of credit reports and credit scores; 
 software companies supplying predictive analytic modeling, rules, or analytic development tools; 
 entity resolution and social network analysis solutions providers; 
 providers of customer engagement and risk management solutions; 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 providers of account workflow management software; 
 business process management and decision rules management providers; 
 enterprise resource planning and customer relationship management solutions providers; 
 business intelligence solutions providers; 
 providers of automated application processing services; and 
 third-party professional services and consulting organizations. 
 We expect to experience additional competition from other established and emerging companies. This could include customers of ours that develop their own scoring models or other products, and as a result no longer purchase or reduce their purchases from us. We also expect to experience competition from other technologies. For example, certain of our fraud solutions products compete against other methods of preventing payment card fraud, such as cardholder verification and authentication solutions; mobile device payments and associated biometric measures on devices including fingerprint and face matching; and other card authorization and user verification techniques. 
 Many of our existing and anticipated competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing, professional services and other resources than we do, and industry consolidation is creating even larger competitors in many of our markets. As a result, our competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. They may also be able to devote greater resources than we can to develop, promote and sell their products. Many of these companies have extensive customer relationships, including relationships with many of our current and potential customers. For example, Experian, TransUnion and Equifax have formed a joint venture that is selling a credit scoring product competitive with our products. Furthermore, new competitors or alliances among competitors may emerge and rapidly gain significant market share. If we are unable to respond as quickly or effectively to changes in customer requirements as our competition, our ability to expand our business and sell our products will be negatively affected. 
 Our competitors may be able to sell existing or new products competitive to ours at lower prices individually or as part of integrated suites of several related products. This ability may cause our customers to purchase products that directly compete with our products from our competitors, which could decrease our product sales and market share. Price reductions by our competitors could pressure us to reduce our product prices in a manner that negatively impacts our margins and could also harm our ability to obtain new long-term contracts and renewals of existing long-term contracts on favorable terms. 
 We rely on relationships with third parties for marketing, distribution and certain services. If we experience difficulties in these relationships, including competition from these third parties, our future revenues may be adversely affected. 
 Many of our products are sold by distributors or partners, and we intend to continue to market and distribute our products through these existing distributor and partner relationships, as well as invest resources to develop additional sales, distribution and marketing relationships. Our Scores segment relies on, among others, Experian, TransUnion and Equifax. Failure of our existing and future distributors to generate significant revenues or otherwise perform their expected services or functions, demands by such distributors to change the terms on which they offer our products, or our failure to establish additional distribution or sales and marketing alliances, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, certain of our distributors presently compete with us and may compete with us in the future, either by developing competitive products themselves or by distributing competitive offerings. For example, Experian, TransUnion and Equifax have developed a credit scoring product to compete directly with our products and are actively selling that product. Competition from distributors or other sales and marketing partners could significantly harm sales of our products and services. 
 We will continue to rely upon proprietary technology rights, and if we are unable to protect them, our business could be harmed. 
 Our success depends, in part, upon our proprietary technology and other intellectual property rights. To date, we have relied primarily on a combination of copyright, patent, trade secret, and trademark laws, and nondisclosure and other contractual restrictions on copying and distribution, to protect our proprietary technology. This protection of our proprietary technology is limited, and our proprietary technology could be used by others without our consent. In addition, patents may not be issued with respect to our pending or future patent applications, and our patents may not be upheld as valid or may not prevent the development of competitive products. Any disclosure, loss, invalidity of, or failure to protect our intellectual property could negatively impact our competitive position, and ultimately, our business. There can be no assurance that our protection of our intellectual property rights in the U.S. or abroad will be adequate or that others, including our competitors, will not use our proprietary technology without our consent. Furthermore, litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Some of our technologies were developed under research projects conducted under agreements with various U.S. government agencies or subcontractors. Although we have commercial rights to these technologies, the U.S. government typically retains ownership of intellectual property rights and licenses in the technologies developed by us under these contracts, and in some cases can terminate our rights in these technologies if we fail to commercialize them on a timely basis. Under these contracts with the U.S. government, the results of research may be made public by the government, limiting our competitive advantage with respect to future products based on our research. 
 If we are unable to access new markets or develop new sales and distribution channels, our business and growth prospects could suffer. 
 We expect our future growth to depend, in part, on the sale of products and service solutions in industries and markets we do not currently serve. We also expect to grow our business by delivering our solutions through additional sales and distribution channels. If we fail to penetrate these industries and markets to the degree we anticipate, or if we fail to develop additional sales and distribution channels, we may not be able to grow our business, growth may occur more slowly than we anticipate, or our revenues and profits may decline. 
 If we fail to keep up with rapidly changing technologies, our products could become less competitive or obsolete. 
 In our markets, technology changes rapidly, and there are continuous improvements in computer hardware, network operating systems, programming tools, programming languages, operating systems, database technologies, cloud-based technologies and the use of the Internet. For example, artificial intelligence technologies, including generative artificial intelligence, and their use are currently undergoing rapid change. If we fail to enhance our current products and develop new products in response to changes in technology or industry standards, or if we fail to bring product enhancements or new product developments to market quickly enough, our products could rapidly become less competitive or obsolete. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to: 
 innovate by internally developing new and competitive technologies; 
 use leading third-party technologies effectively; 
 continue to develop our technical expertise; 
 anticipate and effectively respond to changing customer needs; 
 initiate new product introductions in a way that minimizes the impact of customers delaying purchases of existing products in anticipation of new product releases; and 
 influence and respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes. 
 Our reengineering efforts may cause our growth prospects and profitability to suffer. 
 As part of our management approach, we pursue ongoing reengineering efforts designed to grow revenues through strategic resource allocation and improve profitability through cost reductions. Our reengineering efforts may not be successful over the long term should we fail to reduce expenses or increase revenues to anticipated levels or at all. If our reengineering efforts are not successful over the long term, our revenues, results of operations and business may suffer. 
 There can be no assurance that strategic divestitures will provide business benefits. 
 As part of our strategy, we continuously evaluate our portfolio of businesses. As a result of these reviews, we have made decisions to divest certain products and lines of business, and we may do so again in the future. These divestitures involve risks, including: 
 disruption of our operations or businesses; 
 reductions of our revenues or earnings per share; 
 difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel; 
 failure to effectively transfer liabilities, contracts, facilities and employees to a purchaser; 
 divestiture terms that contain potential future purchase price adjustments or require that assets or liabilities be divested, managed or run off separately; 
 diversion of management's attention from our other businesses; 
 the potential loss of key personnel; 
 adverse effects on relationships with our customers, suppliers or their businesses; 
 the erosion of employee morale or customer confidence; and 
 the retention of contingent liabilities and the possibility that we will become subject to third-party claims related to the divested business. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 If we do not successfully manage the risks associated with divestitures, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected as the potential strategic benefits may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected. 
 Our acquisition activities may disrupt our ongoing business and may involve increased expenses, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals contemplated at the time of a transaction. 
 We have acquired, and may in the future acquire, companies, businesses, products, services and technologies. Acquisitions involve significant risks and uncertainties, including: 
 our ongoing business may be disrupted and our management s attention may be diverted by acquisition, transition or integration activities; 
 an acquisition may not further our business strategy as we expected, we may not integrate acquired operations or technology as successfully as we expected or we may overpay for our investments, or otherwise not realize the expected return, which could adversely affect our business or operating results; 
 we may be unable to retain the key employees, customers and other business partners of the acquired operation; 
 we may have difficulties entering new markets where we have no or limited direct prior experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions; 
 our operating results or financial condition may be adversely impacted by known or unknown claims or liabilities we assume in an acquisition or that are imposed on us as a result of an acquisition, including claims by government agencies or authorities, terminated employees, current or former customers, former stockholders or other third parties; 
 we could incur material charges in connection with the impairment of goodwill or other assets that we acquire; 
 a company that we acquire may have experienced a security incident that it has yet to discover, investigate and remediate which we might not be identify in a timely manner and which could spread more broadly to other parts of our company during the integration effort; 
 we may incur material charges as a result of acquisition costs, costs incurred in combining and/or operating the acquired business, or liabilities assumed in the acquisition that are greater than anticipated; 
 we may not realize the anticipated increase in our revenues from an acquisition for a number of reasons, including if a larger than predicted number of customers decline to renew their contracts, if we are unable to incorporate the acquired technologies or products with our existing product lines in a uniform manner, if we are unable to sell the acquired products to our customer base or if contract models of an acquired company or changes in accounting treatment do not allow us to recognize revenues on a timely basis; 
 our use of cash to pay for acquisitions may limit other potential uses of our cash, including stock repurchases, and retirement of outstanding indebtedness; and 
 to the extent we issue a significant amount of equity securities in connection with future acquisitions, existing stockholders may be diluted and earnings per share may decrease. 
 Because acquisitions are inherently risky, our transactions may not be successful and may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Acquisitions of businesses having a significant presence outside the U.S. will increase our exposure to the risks of conducting operations in international markets. 
 Our revenues, results of operations and overall financial performance may be negatively impacted by health epidemics or other disease outbreaks. 
 Our customers, and therefore our business and revenues, are sensitive to negative changes in general economic conditions and lending activities. Health epidemics or disease outbreaks could impact the rate of spending on our solutions and could adversely affect our customers ability or willingness to purchase our products and services, cause prospective customers to change product selections or term commitments, delay or cancel their purchasing decisions, extend sales cycles, and potentially increase payment defaults, all of which could adversely affect our future revenues, results of operations and overall financial performance. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Operational Risks 
 If our cybersecurity measures are compromised or unauthorized access to customer or consumer data is otherwise obtained, our products and services may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or cease their use of our products and services, our reputation may be damaged and we could incur significant liabilities. 
 Because our business requires the storage, transmission and utilization of sensitive consumer and customer information, we will continue to routinely be the target of attempted cybersecurity and other security threats by technically sophisticated and well-resourced outside third parties, among others, attempting to access or steal the data we store. Many of our products are provided by us through the Internet. We may be exposed to additional cybersecurity threats as we migrate our software solutions and data from our legacy systems to cloud-based solutions. We operate in an environment of significant risk of cybersecurity incidents resulting from unintentional events or deliberate attacks by third parties or insiders, which may involve exploiting security vulnerabilities or sophisticated attack methods. These threats include social engineering attacks, phishing attacks and other cyber-attacks, including state-sponsored cyber-attacks, industrial espionage, insider threats, denial-of-service attacks, computer viruses, ransomware and other malware, payment fraud or other cyber incidents. As a software and technology vendor, we may incorporate or distribute software or other materials from third parties. Attacks or other threats to our supply chain for such software and materials may render us unable to provide assurances of the origin of such software and materials, and could put us at risk of distributing software or other materials that may cause harm to ourselves, our customers or other third parties. In addition, increased attention on and use of artificial intelligence increases the risk of cyber-attacks and data breaches, which can occur more quickly and evolve more rapidly when artificial intelligence is used. Further, use of artificial intelligence by our employees, whether authorized or unauthorized, increases the risk that our intellectual property and other proprietary information will be unintentionally disclosed. 
 Cybersecurity breaches could expose us to a risk of loss, the unauthorized disclosure of consumer or customer information, significant litigation, regulatory fines, penalties, loss of customers or reputational damage, indemnity obligations and other liability. There is no assurance that the programs, technologies and processes that we have put in place in an effort to maintain the security and protection of our non-public information and that of our customers will be fully implemented, complied with or effective. If our cybersecurity measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and as a result, someone obtains unauthorized access to our systems or to consumer or customer information, sensitive data may be accessed, stolen, disclosed or lost, our reputation may be damaged, our business may suffer and we could incur significant liability. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, or even for some time after, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, implement adequate preventative measures or remediate any intrusion on a timely or effective basis. Because a successful breach of our computer systems, software, networks or other technology asset could occur and persist for an extended period of time before being detected, we may not be able to immediately address the consequences of a cybersecurity incident. 
 Malicious third parties may also conduct attacks designed to temporarily deny customers, distributors and vendors access to our systems and services. Cybersecurity breaches experienced by our vendors, by our distributors, by our customers, by companies that we acquire, or by us may trigger governmental notice requirements and public disclosures, which may lead to widespread negative publicity, statutory damages, and lawsuits filed by individuals impacted by cybersecurity breaches under privacy and cybersecurity statutes that create rights of action. We may also be affected by cybersecurity breaches experienced by customers who use our products on-premises, and those breaches may occur due to factors not under our control, including a customer s failure to timely install updates and fixes to our products, vulnerabilities in a customer s own cybersecurity measures, and other factors. Any cybersecurity breach, whether actual or perceived, could harm our reputation, erode customer confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures, negatively impact our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to curtail or cease their use of our products and services, cause regulatory or industry changes that impact our products and services, or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 If we experience business interruptions or failure of our information technology and communication systems, the availability of our products and services could be interrupted which could adversely affect our reputation, business and financial condition. 
 Our ability to provide reliable products and services to our customers depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our data centers, information technology and communication systems, and increasingly those of our external service providers. Any disruption of or interference with our use of data centers, information technology or communication systems of our external service providers would adversely affect our operations and our business. As we continue to grow our Software segment s business, our dependency on the continuing operation and availability of these systems increases. Our systems and data centers, and those of our external service providers, could be exposed to damage or interruption. These interruptions can include software or hardware malfunctions, communication failures, outages or other failures of third-party environments or service providers, or be due to defective updates, fires, floods, earthquakes, pandemics, war, terrorist acts or civil unrest, power losses, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions, computer viruses, denial-of-service or other cybersecurity attacks, employee or insider malfeasance, human error and other events beyond our control. Any steps that we or our external service providers have taken to prevent or reduce disruption may not be sufficient to prevent an interruption of services and disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. 
 An operational failure or outage in any of these systems, or damage to or destruction of these systems, which causes disruptions in our services, could result in loss of customers, damage to customer relationships, reduced revenues and profits, refunds of customer charges and damage to our brand and reputation and may require us to incur substantial additional expense to repair or replace damaged equipment and recover data loss caused by the interruption. Any one or more of the foregoing occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 The failure to obtain certain forms of model construction data from our customers or others could harm our business. 
 Our business requires that we develop or obtain a reliable source of sufficient amounts of current and statistically relevant data to analyze transactions and update some of our products. In most cases, these data must be periodically updated and refreshed to enable our products to continue to work effectively in a changing environment. We do not own or control much of the data that we require, most of which is collected privately and maintained in proprietary databases. Customers and key business partners provide us with the data we require to analyze transactions, report results and build new models. Our business strategy depends in part upon our ability to access new forms of data to develop custom and proprietary analytic tools. If we fail to maintain sufficient data sourcing relationships with our customers and business partners, or if they decline to provide such data due to privacy, security, competitive concerns, regulatory concerns, or prohibitions or a lack of permission from their customers or partners, we could lose access to required data and our products. If this were to happen, our development of new products might become less effective. We could also become subject to increased legislative, regulatory or judicial restrictions or mandates on the collection, disclosure, transfer or use of such data, in particular if such data is not collected by our providers in a way that allows us to legally use the data. Third parties have asserted copyright and other intellectual property interests in these data, and these assertions, if successful, could prevent us from using these data. We may not be successful in maintaining our relationships with these external data source providers or in continuing to obtain data from them on acceptable terms or at all. Any interruption of our supply of data could seriously harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 The failure to recruit and retain qualified personnel could hinder our ability to successfully manage our business. 
 Our business strategy and our future success will depend in large part on our ability to attract and retain experienced sales, consulting, research and development, marketing, technical support and management personnel. The labor market for these individuals, particularly in the complex technical disciplines of software engineering, data science, and cyber security, is very competitive due to the limited number of people available with the necessary technical skills and understanding to support our complex products and it may become more competitive with general market and economic improvement. We cannot be certain that our compensation strategies will be perceived as competitive by current or prospective employees. This and other competitive factors could impair our ability to recruit and retain personnel. We have experienced past difficulty in recruiting and retaining qualified personnel, especially in these intensely competitive technical skill areas, and we may experience future difficulty in recruiting and retaining such personnel, at a time when we may need additional staff to support expanded research and development efforts, new customers and/or increased customer needs. We may also recruit skilled technical professionals from other countries to work in the U.S., and from the U.S. and other countries to work abroad. Limitations imposed by immigration laws in the U.S. and abroad and the availability of visas in the countries where we do business could hinder our ability to attract necessary qualified personnel and harm our business and future operating results. There is a risk that even if we invest significant resources in attempting to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, we will not succeed in our efforts, and our business could be harmed. The failure of the value of our stock to appreciate may adversely affect our ability to use equity and equity-based incentive plans to attract and retain personnel, and may require us to use alternative forms of compensation for this purpose. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
 Increased regulatory focus on U.S. residential mortgage closing costs may affect our ability to implement price changes for FICO Scores used in mortgage originations and thus limit the revenues and profitability of the FICO Score. If new laws, regulations or other governmental action affecting the FICO Score or our other products and services are implemented or carried out, it could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 There has been increased focus in the U.S. by federal regulators such as the CFPB and the FTC, as well as the current presidential administration and some states, related to the transparency and fairness of certain fees charged to consumers and the impacts on the costs of consumer goods and services. For example, in May 2024, the CFPB launched a public inquiry to obtain information on fees charged by providers of mortgages and related settlement services in the U.S. residential mortgage market, including fees for credit reports and credit scores. The CFPB indicated that it is looking into why closing costs are increasing, who is benefiting, and how costs for borrowers and lenders could be lowered. If new laws, regulations or other governmental action result from this inquiry, or otherwise, that limit the fees that can be charged for credit scores by us, consumer reporting agencies, or end users of our FICO Scores, or that place other restrictions on the sale or distribution of credit scores, our ability in the future to increase pricing for FICO Scores used in mortgage originations may be impacted and thus the revenues and profitability of the FICO Score may be adversely affected and the growth of our Scores business may be constrained. 
 There has also been increased focus more broadly on laws and regulations in the U.S. related to our business and the business of consumer reporting agencies, including by U.S. state and federal regulators such as the CFPB, relating to policy concerns with regard to the operation of consumer reporting agencies, the sale and distribution of credit scores and credit reports, the use and accuracy of credit and alternative data, the use of credit scores and fair lending, and the use, transparency, and fairness of algorithms, artificial intelligence, and machine learning in business processes. For example, the CFPB has indicated that it intends to issue rules under the FCRA that would extend the FCRA to certain business practices not currently subject to that statute. The costs and other burdens of compliance with such laws and regulations, and with new or revised laws and regulations that may be implemented addressing these topics, could negatively impact the use and adoption of our solutions, reduce overall demand for them, and harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad that apply to us and/or to our customers may expose us to liability, cause us to incur significant expense, affect our ability to compete in certain markets, limit the profitability of or demand for our products, or render our products obsolete. If these laws and regulations require us to change our products and services, it could adversely affect our business and results of operations. New legislation or regulations, or changes to existing laws and regulations, may also negatively impact our business and increase our costs of doing business. 
 Laws and governmental regulation affect how our business is conducted and, in some cases, subject us to the possibility of government supervision or enforcement and future lawsuits arising from our products and services. Laws and governmental regulations also influence our current and prospective customers activities, as well as their expectations and needs in relation to our products and services. Laws and regulations that may affect our business and/or our current and prospective customers activities include, but are not limited to, those in the following significant regulatory areas: 
 Privacy and security laws and regulations that limit the use and disclosure, require security procedures, or otherwise apply to the collection, processing, storage, use and transfer of personal data of individuals (e.g., the U.S. Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999, also known as the Gramm Leach Bliley Act; identity theft, file freezing, security breach notification and similar state privacy laws; and the data protection laws of other countries such as the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR in the European Union E.U. and the United Kingdom U.K. )); 
 Laws and regulations relating to the privacy, security and transmission of protected health information of individuals, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 HIPAA and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH and their respective implementing regulations; 
 Financial regulatory reform stemming from the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and the many regulations mandated by that Act, including regulations issued by, and the supervisory and investigative authority of, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB with respect to enumerated federal consumer financial laws and unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices UDAAP 
 The application or extension of consumer protection laws, including implementing regulations (e.g., the Consumer Financial Protection Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Truth In Lending Act and Regulation Z, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and Regulation F, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, the Military Lending Act, and the Credit Repair Organizations Act, and similar state consumer protection laws); 
 Use of data by creditors and consumer reporting agencies (e.g., the U.S. Fair Credit Reporting Act and similar state laws); 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Special requirements that may apply when we provide products or services directly or indirectly to U.S. federal, state and local government agencies (e.g., the Privacy Act of 1974, the Internal Revenue Service s Publication 4812, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation); 
 Laws and regulations that limit the use of credit scoring models (e.g., state mortgage trigger or inquiries laws, state insurance restrictions on the use of credit-based insurance scores, and the E.U. Consumer Credit Directive); 
 Fair lending laws (e.g., the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Regulation B, and the Fair Housing Act) and laws and regulations that may impose requirements relating to algorithmic fairness or accountability; 
 The Cybersecurity Act of 2015; the U.S. Department of Commerce s National Institute of Standards and Technology s Cybersecurity Framework; the Clarifying Lawful Overseas Use of Data Act; cyber incident notice requirements for banks and their service providers under rules and regulations issued by federal banking regulators; cybersecurity incident disclosure requirements for public companies under regulations issued by the SEC; and identity theft, file freezing, and similar state privacy laws; 
 Laws and regulations related to extension of credit to consumers through the Electronic Fund Transfers Act and Regulation E, as well as non governmental VISA and MasterCard electronic payment standards; 
 Laws and regulations applicable to secondary market participants (e.g., Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac) that could have an impact on our scoring products and revenues, including 12 CFR Part 1254 (Validation and Approval of Credit Score Models) issued by the FHFA in accordance with Section 310 of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 115-174), and any regulations, standards or criteria established pursuant to such laws or regulations, including the ongoing validation and approval of the use of the FICO Score by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and the FHFA; 
 Laws and regulations applicable to our customer communication clients and their use of our products and services (e.g., the Telemarketing Sales Rule, Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the CAN-SPAM Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, and regulations promulgated thereunder, and similar state laws and similar laws in other countries); 
 Laws and regulations applicable to our insurance clients and their use of our insurance products and services; 
 Laws and regulations governing the use of the Internet and social media, telemarketing, advertising, endorsements and testimonials; 
 Anti-money laundering laws and regulations (e.g., the Bank Secrecy Act and the USA PATRIOT Act); 
 Laws and regulations restricting transactions with sanctioned parties and regarding export controls as they apply to FICO products delivered in non-U.S. countries or to foreign nationals (e.g., Office of Foreign Asset Control sanctions and Export Administration Regulations); 
 Anti-bribery and corruption laws and regulations (e.g., the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act 2010); 
 Financial regulatory standards (e.g., Sarbanes-Oxley Act requirements to maintain and verify internal process controls, including controls for material event awareness and notification); 
 Laws and regulations that apply to outsourcing of services by our clients, and that set forth requirements for managing third parties (e.g., vendors, contractors, suppliers and distributors); and 
 Laws and regulations relating to the environmental, social and governance, or sustainability, practices of companies, including enhanced climate-related disclosure requirements from regulators, such as California and the SEC, and the E.U. s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive. 
 Many U.S. and foreign jurisdictions have passed, or are currently contemplating, a variety of consumer protection, data privacy, and cyber and data security laws and regulations that may relate to our business or the business of our customers or affect the demand for our products and services. For example, the GDPR in the E.U. and the U.K. imposes strict obligations and restrictions on the collection and use of E.U. and U.K. personal data, and also on the transfer of such data to countries that have not been determined by the E.U. or the U.K. to provide adequate data privacy protections, unless there are additional approved transfer safeguards in place (such as the use of standard contractual clauses and the performance of appropriate data transfer impact assessments). Our implementation of processes to meet such requirements for affected data flows may involve additional compliance costs associated with maintaining appropriate regulatory certifications, performing any necessary assessments, engaging in contract negotiations with third parties and implementing approved standard contractual clauses, and/or (if appropriate) localizing certain data processing activities. Furthermore, such data transfer restrictions, which may involve interpretive issues, may have an adverse impact on cross-border transfers of personal data and may subject us and our customers to additional scrutiny from E.U. or U.K. data protection authorities. 
 Numerous other countries have introduced and, in some cases, enacted, similar data privacy and cyber and data security laws. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA gives California residents certain privacy rights in the collection and disclosure of their personal information and requires businesses to make certain disclosures and take certain other acts in furtherance of those rights. Additionally, effective January 1, 2023, the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA revised and significantly expanded the scope of the CCPA. The CPRA also created a new agency, the California Privacy Protection Agency, authorized to implement and enforce the CCPA and the CPRA. Numerous other U.S. states have considered similar privacy laws, with many of those states having passed such laws with respective effective dates ranging from 2023 through 2026. 
 The European Commission has finalized the EU AI Act, which establishes requirements for the provision and use of products that leverage artificial intelligence systems, including in credit scoring. The EU AI Act entered into force on August 1, 2024, and its provisions take effect between six and 36 months after that date, with most of those provisions becoming effective in 2026. Other countries, as well as the executive branch of the U.S. government and a number of U.S. states, are considering or have implemented regulations or standards applicable to the provision and use of artificial intelligence technologies. 
 The costs and other burdens of compliance with such laws and regulations, along with the potential for increased regulatory actions, could negatively impact the use and adoption of our solutions and reduce overall demand for them. Additionally, concerns regarding data privacy and cyber and data security may cause our customers, or their customers and potential customers, to resist providing the data necessary to allow us to deliver our solutions effectively. Even the perception that the privacy or security of personal information is not satisfactorily protected or does not meet regulatory requirements could inhibit sales of our solutions and any failure to comply with such laws and regulations could lead to significant fines, penalties or other liabilities. Any such decrease in demand or incurred fines, penalties or other liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 In addition to existing laws and regulations, changes in the U.S. or foreign legislative, judicial, regulatory or consumer environments could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. The laws and regulations above, and changes to them or their interpretation by the courts, could affect the demand for or profitability of our products, including scoring and consumer products. New laws and regulations pertaining to our customers could cause them to pursue new strategies, reducing the demand for our products. We expect there will continue to be an increased focus on laws and regulations related to our business and/or the business of our clients, including with regard to the operation of consumer reporting agencies, the collection, use, accuracy, correction and sharing of personal information, credit scoring, the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning, and algorithmic accountability and fair lending. 
 
 If we are subject to infringement claims, it could harm our business. 
 Products in the industry segments in which we compete, including software products, are often subject to claims of patent and other intellectual property infringement, and such claims could increase as the number of products and competitors in our industry segments grow. We may need to defend claims that our products infringe intellectual property rights, and as a result we may: 
 incur significant defense costs or substantial damages; 
 be required to cease the use or sale of infringing products; 
 expend significant resources to develop or license a substitute non-infringing technology; 
 discontinue the use of some technology; or 
 be required to obtain a license under the intellectual property rights of the third-party claiming infringement, which license may not be available or might require substantial royalties or license fees that would reduce our margins. 
 Moreover, in recent years, individuals and groups that are non-practicing entities, commonly referred to as patent trolls, have purchased patents and other intellectual property assets for the purpose of making claims of infringement in order to extract settlements. From time to time, we may receive threatening letters or notices or may be the subject of claims that our solutions and underlying technology infringe or violate the intellectual property rights of others. Responding to such claims, regardless of their merit, can be time consuming, costly to defend in litigation, divert management's attention and resources, damage our reputation and brand, and cause us to incur significant expenses. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Global Operational Risks 
 In operations outside the U.S., we are subject to additional risks that may harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 A large portion of our revenues is derived from international sales. During fiscal 2024, 27 of our revenues were derived from business outside the U.S. As part of our growth strategy, we plan to continue to pursue opportunities outside the U.S., including opportunities in countries with economic systems that are in early stages of development and that may not mature sufficiently to result in growth for our business. Accordingly, our future operating results could be negatively affected by a variety of factors arising out of international commerce, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include: 
 general economic and political conditions in countries where we sell our products and services; 
 difficulty in staffing and efficiently managing our operations in multiple geographic locations and in various countries; 
 effects of a variety of foreign laws and regulations, including restrictions on access to personal information; 
 data privacy and consumer protection laws and regulations; 
 import and export licensing requirements; 
 longer payment cycles; 
 difficulties in enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable; 
 reduced protection for intellectual property rights; 
 currency fluctuations; 
 unfavorable tax rules or changes in tariffs and other trade barriers; 
 the presence and acceptance of varying levels of business corruption in international markets; 
 geopolitical tensions, instability, terrorism, and military conflicts; 
 natural disasters and pandemics, including individual countries reactions to them; and 
 difficulties and delays in translating products and related documentation into foreign languages. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully address each of these challenges. Additionally, some of our business is and will be conducted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Substantial movements in foreign exchange rates relative to the dollar could adversely impact our cash flows, results of operations and financial position. 
 In addition to the risk of depending on international sales, we have risks incurred in having research and development personnel located in various international locations. We currently have a substantial portion of our product development staff in international locations, some of which have political and developmental risks. If such risks materialize, our business could be damaged. 
 Material adverse developments in global economic conditions, or the occurrence of certain other world events, could affect demand for our products and services and harm our business. 
 Purchases of technology products and services and decisioning solutions are subject to adverse economic conditions. When an economy is struggling, companies in many industries delay or reduce technology purchases, and we experience softened demand for our decisioning solutions and other products and services. Global economic uncertainty has produced, and continues to produce, substantial stress, volatility, illiquidity and disruption of global credit and other financial markets. Various factors contribute to the uncertain economic environment, including geopolitical tensions, military conflicts, the level and volatility of interest rates, the level of inflation, an actual recession or fears of a recession, trade policies and tariffs, and political and governmental instability. 
 Economic uncertainty has and could continue to negatively affect the businesses and purchasing decisions of companies in the industries we serve. Such disruptions present considerable risks to our businesses and operations. As global economic conditions experience stress and negative volatility, or if there is an escalation in regional or global conflicts, or terrorism, we will likely experience reductions in the number of available customers and in capital expenditures by our remaining customers, longer sales cycles, deferral or delay of purchase commitments for our products and increased price competition, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and liquidity. 
 As a result of these conditions, risks and uncertainties, we may need to modify our strategies, businesses or operations, and we may incur additional costs in order to compete in a changed business environment. Given the volatile nature of the global economic environment and the uncertainties underlying efforts to stabilize it, we may not timely anticipate or manage existing, new or additional risks, as well as contingencies or developments, which may include regulatory developments and trends in new products and services. Our failure to do so could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Risks 
 Our products have long and variable sales cycles. If we do not accurately predict these cycles, we may not forecast our financial results accurately, and our stock price could be adversely affected. 
 In our Software segment, the length of our sales cycles makes it difficult for us to predict the quarter in which sales will occur. In addition, our selling approach is complex as we look to sell multiple products and services across our customers organizations. This makes forecasting of revenues in any given period more difficult. For example, the sales cycle of our products can extend to greater than a year and as a result, revenues and operating results may vary significantly from period to period. Customers are often cautious in making decisions to acquire our products because purchasing our products typically involves a significant commitment of capital and may involve shifts by the customer to a new software and/or hardware platform or changes in the customer s operational procedures. This may cause customers, particularly those experiencing financial stress, to make purchasing decisions more cautiously. Delays in completing sales can arise while customers complete their internal procedures to approve large capital expenditures and test and accept our applications. Consequently, we face difficulty predicting the quarter in which sales to expected customers will occur and experience fluctuations in our revenues and operating results. 
 In our Scores segment, a majority of our revenues come from the sale of our Scores through partners. We have limited visibility on those sales until we receive royalty reports from those partners at the end of each billing period. Furthermore, the volume of our Scores sales depends heavily on macroeconomic conditions that are hard to forecast, including, for example, the volume of transactions in the U.S. mortgage and credit card markets, which account for a significant portion of the revenues in our Scores segment. 
 If we are unable to accurately forecast our revenues, our ability to plan, budget or provide accurate guidance could be limited, and our stock price could be adversely affected. 
 Our financial results and key metrics fluctuate within each quarter and from quarter to quarter, making our future revenue, annual recurring revenue ARR ), and financial results difficult to predict, which may cause us to miss analyst expectations and may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 Our quarterly financial results and key metrics have fluctuated in the past and will continue to do so in the future, and therefore period-to-period comparisons should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. These fluctuations could cause our stock price to change significantly or experience declines. We also may provide investors with quarterly and annual financial forward-looking guidance that could prove to be inaccurate as a result of these fluctuations and other factors. In addition to the other risks described in these risk factors, some of the factors that could cause our financial results and key metrics to fluctuate include: 
 variability in demand from our existing customers; 
 the lengthy and variable sales cycle of many products, combined with the relatively large size of orders for our products, increases the likelihood of short-term fluctuation in revenues; 
 consumer or customer dissatisfaction with, or problems caused by, the performance of our products; 
 the timing of new product announcements and introductions in comparison with our competitors; 
 the level of our operating expenses; 
 changes in demand and competitive and other conditions in the consumer credit, banking and insurance industries; 
 the level and volatility of interest rates and the level of inflation; 
 fluctuations in domestic and international economic conditions; 
 our ability to complete large installations, and to adopt and configure cloud-based deployments, on schedule and within budget; 
 announcements relating to litigation or regulatory matters; 
 changes in senior management or key personnel; 
 acquisition-related expenses and charges; and 
 timing of orders for and deliveries of software systems. 
 Our operating expenses are based in part on our expectations for future revenue and many are fixed and cannot be quickly adjusted as revenue changes. Accordingly, any revenue shortfall below expectations has had, and in the future could have, an immediate and significant adverse effect on our operating results and profitability. Greater than anticipated expenses or a failure to maintain rigorous cost controls would also negatively affect profitability. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 General Risk Factors 
 If we experience changes in tax laws or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns, it could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We are subject to federal and state income taxes in the U.S. and in certain foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. Our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws, by our ability to generate taxable income in foreign jurisdictions in order to utilize foreign tax losses, and by the valuation of our deferred tax assets. In addition, we are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from such examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from such examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 Our stock price has been subject to fluctuations, and will likely continue to be subject to fluctuations, or may decline, regardless of our operating performance. 
 Our stock price has been subject to fluctuations due to a number of factors, including variations in our revenues and operating results. The financial markets have at various times experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected the stock prices of many technology companies and financial services companies, and these fluctuations sometimes have been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market fluctuations, as well as industry-specific and general economic conditions, may negatively affect our business and require us to record an impairment charge related to goodwill, which could adversely affect our results of operations, stock price and business. 
 Our anti-takeover defenses could make it difficult for another company to acquire control of FICO, thereby limiting the demand for our securities by certain types of purchasers or the price investors are willing to pay for our stock. 
 Certain provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, could make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving us difficult, even if such events would be beneficial to the interests of our stockholders. These provisions include giving our board the ability to issue preferred stock and determine the rights and designations of the preferred stock at any time without stockholder approval. The rights of the holders of our common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third-party to acquire, or discouraging a third-party from acquiring, a majority of our outstanding voting stock. These factors and certain provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or otherwise delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in our management, including transactions in which our stockholders might otherwise receive a premium over the fair market value of our common stock. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 
 We recognize the importance of assessing, identifying, and managing material risks associated with cybersecurity threats, as such term is defined in Item 106(a) of Regulation S-K. These risks include, among other things: operational risks, intellectual property theft, fraud, extortion, harm to employees or customers and violation of data privacy or security laws. 
 Identifying and assessing cybersecurity risk is integrated into our overall risk management systems and processes. Cybersecurity risks related to our business, technical operations, privacy and compliance issues are identified and managed through a multi-faceted approach including third-party assessments, internal IT Audit, IT security, governance, risk and compliance reviews. To defend, detect and respond to cybersecurity incidents, we, among other things: conduct proactive privacy and cybersecurity reviews of systems and applications, audit applicable data policies, perform penetration testing using external third-party tools and techniques to test security controls, conduct employee training, monitor emerging laws and regulations related to data protection and information security (including our consumer products) and implement appropriate changes. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 We employ an experienced team of cybersecurity professionals with a variety of backgrounds. We seek to address material cybersecurity risks through a company-wide approach that assesses, ranks and prioritizes cybersecurity threats, vulnerabilities and issues as they are identified to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information systems and the information that we collect and store. The Company s cybersecurity policies, standards, processes and practices are informed by recognized frameworks established by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the International Organization for Standardization and an array of other applicable standards-setting bodies, which are integrated into a broader risk management framework and related processes. We also hold various security-related industry certifications and attestations that have been validated by external auditors, including: SOC 1, SOC 2 Type II, ISO 27001, CSA STAR Level 2, PCI-DSS and others. 
 Leveraging threat intelligence and other signals, the Company undergoes periodic testing, audits and reviews of its policies, standards, processes and practices to identify, assess and address cybersecurity risks and events. The Company also undergoes routine internal and external penetration testing. The results of such tests and assessments are evaluated by management and periodically reported to the Audit Committee. The Company further adjusts its cybersecurity policies, standards, processes and practices based on these results. The Company also makes available to clients attestations of its various certifications, audits, and penetration tests. 
 We have not identified any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company, including its business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, we face ongoing and increasing cybersecurity risks, including from bad actors that are becoming more sophisticated and effective over time, as well as a result of potential defects or disruptions in our or our customers services. Additional information on the cybersecurity risks that could materially affect us is discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 
 Management Oversight and Governance 
 The Company s Chief Information Security Officer CISO ), who reports to the Executive Vice President, Software, is responsible for the design and implementation of our security program and strategy based on the mandate provided by the Board and senior management. The CISO has extensive experience in the management of cybersecurity risk management programs, having served in various leadership roles in information technology and information security for over 20 years, including serving as the Chief Security Officer of two other large public technology companies. We believe the Company s business leaders have the appropriate expertise, background and depth of experience to manage risks arising from cybersecurity threats. 
 The CISO, in coordination with other members of senior management, works collaboratively across the Company to implement a program designed to protect the Company s information systems from cybersecurity threats and to promptly respond to cybersecurity incidents in accordance with the Company s incident response and recovery plans. To facilitate the success of the Company s cybersecurity program, cross-functional teams throughout the Company are tasked with addressing cybersecurity threats and responding to cybersecurity incidents. Through ongoing communications with these teams, the CISO and senior management are informed promptly about, and monitor the prevention, detection, investigation, mitigation and remediation of, cybersecurity threats. These teams are expected to operate pursuant to documented plans and playbooks that include processes for escalation of incidents to leadership and to the Audit Committee and Board, as appropriate, based on the severity level of an incident. In addition, the Company periodically consults with outside advisors and experts to assist with assessing, identifying and managing cybersecurity risks, including to anticipate future threats and trends, and their impact on the Company s risk management environment. 
 Specifically, management implements the Company s cybersecurity and risk management strategy across several areas: 
 Identification and Reporting . The Company has implemented a robust, cross-functional approach to identifying, assessing and managing cybersecurity threats and risks. The Company s program includes controls and procedures designed to properly identify, classify, and escalate cybersecurity risks to provide management with visibility and prioritization of risk mitigation efforts and to publicly report material cybersecurity incidents if and when appropriate. 
 Threat Intelligence . The Company maintains a Threat Intelligence team focused on profiling, intelligence collection, and threat analysis supporting the Company s ongoing efforts to identify, assess and manage cybersecurity threats. The team s input supports both near-term response to cybersecurity events, and long-term strategic planning and development of the Company s cybersecurity risk management framework. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Technical Safeguards . The Company implements technical safeguards that are designed to protect both the Company s service offerings and other information systems it controls from cybersecurity threats, including firewalls, intrusion prevention and detection systems, anti-malware functionality, vulnerability management, encryption processes and access controls, all of which are periodically evaluated and improved through risk and control assessments and in response to cybersecurity threat intelligence as well as outside audits and certifications. 
 Incident Response and Recovery Planning . The Company has established and maintains robust incident response, business continuity and disaster recovery plans designed to address the Company s response to a cybersecurity incident, including any required public disclosure and reporting of material incidents in a timely manner. These plans and procedures serve to guide and document a rigorous incident response program that reflects the roles of an array of stakeholders, including personnel providing technical, operational, engineering, legal and other perspectives across the Company. The Company conducts regular tabletop exercises involving multiple operational teams, including senior management, to test these plans and to familiarize personnel with their roles in a response scenario. 
 Third-Party Risk Management . The Company maintains a robust, risk-based approach to identifying and overseeing cybersecurity threats presented by certain third parties, including vendors, service providers and other external users of the Company s systems, as well as the systems of third parties that could adversely impact our business in the event of a significant cybersecurity incident affecting those third-party systems. 
 Education and Awareness . The Company regularly provides employee training on security-related duties and responsibilities, including knowledge about how to recognize security incidents and how to proceed if an actual or suspected incident should occur. This training is mandatory for employees across the Company, and is intended to provide the Company s employees with effective tools to address cybersecurity threats, and to communicate the Company s evolving information security policies, standards, processes and practices. 
 
 Board Oversight and Governance 
 Our management is responsible for identifying the various risks facing the Company, formulating risk management policies and procedures, and managing the Company s risk exposures. Our Board of Directors responsibility is to monitor the Company s risk management processes by informing itself concerning our material risks and evaluating whether management has reasonable controls in place to address the material risks. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for discussing with management the Company s major risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures, including the Company s risk assessment and risk management policies. Accordingly, our internal risk management team regularly reports to the Audit Committee on our major risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures, including our risk assessment and risk management policies. The Audit Committee, in turn, reports on the matters discussed at the committee level to the full Board of Directors. 
 As part of its oversight of the Company s risk management noted above, the Audit Committee oversees, reviews and discusses with management the Company s risks from cybersecurity threats and management s role in assessing and managing such risks. The Audit Committee receives regular presentations, reports and updates from the CISO and other members of management on developments regarding the Company s cybersecurity program, broader cybersecurity trends, evolving industry standards, the threat environment and other topics. 
 The Company s processes also allow for the Board and the Audit Committee to be informed of key cybersecurity risks outside the regular reporting schedule. While regular meetings of the Audit Committee are scheduled on a quarterly cadence, the Audit Committee is authorized to meet with management at any time it deems appropriate to discuss matters relevant to the Audit Committee. The Company s policy is for the Board and the Audit Committee to receive prompt and timely information regarding any cybersecurity risk (including any incident) that meets pre-established reporting thresholds, as well as ongoing updates regarding any such risk. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 The Company s headquarters are located in Bozeman, Montana. As of September 30, 2024, the Company leased office facilities in geographically dispersed locations primarily for corporate functions, sales, research and development, data centers and other purposes. The Company believes its existing facilities, which are used by both reportable segments, are in good operating condition and are suitable to meet operating needs. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Not applicable. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol: FICO. According to records of our transfer agent, at October 24, 2024, we had 223 stockholders of record of our common stock. 
 Dividends 
 We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock since May 2017, and we do not presently plan to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Payment of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs, outstanding indebtedness, plans for expansion and restrictions imposed by our debt arrangements, if any. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Not applicable. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Period Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Purchased 
 as Part of 
 Publicly 
 Announced 
 Plans or 
 Programs (2) 
 Maximum Dollar 
 Value of Shares 
 that May Yet Be 
 Purchased Under 
 the Plans or 
 Programs (2) 
 July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024 54,370 1,561.79 53,777 1,000,000,000 August 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 69,769 1,721.45 69,503 880,324,741 September 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 64,985 1,853.71 64,661 760,475,383 189,124 1,721.00 187,941 760,475,383 
 
 (1) Includes 1,183 shares delivered in satisfaction of the tax withholding obligations resulting from the vesting of restricted stock units held by employees during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 (2) In January 2024, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program (the January 2024 program ), replacing our previously authorized October 2022 stock repurchase program, which was terminated prior to its expiration. The January 2024 program was open-ended and authorized repurchases of shares of our common stock from time to time up to an aggregate cost of 500.0 million in the open market or in negotiated transactions. In July 2024, our Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program (the July 2024 program ), replacing the January 2024 program, which was terminated prior to its expiration and under which 29.6 million was remaining for repurchase at the time of termination. The July 2024 program is open-ended and authorizes repurchases of shares of our common stock from time to time up to an aggregate cost of 1.0 billion in the open market or in negotiated transactions. The July 2024 program remains in effect until the total authorized amount is expended or until further action by our Board of Directors. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows the total stockholder return of an investment of 100 in cash on September 30, 2019, in (a) the Company s common stock, (b) the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index and (c) the Standard Poor s 500 Application Software Index, in each case with reinvestment of dividends. Our past performance may not be indicative of future performance. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A includes the following: a business overview that provides a high-level summary of our strategies and initiatives, highlights from fiscal year 2024 and key performance metrics for our Software segment; a more detailed analysis of our results of operations; our capital resources and liquidity, which discusses key aspects of our statements of cash flows, changes in our balance sheets and our financial commitments; and a summary of our critical accounting estimates that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty. Our MD A should be read in conjunction with Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from those referred to herein due to a number of factors, including but not limited to risks described in Item 1A, Risk Factors , in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our MD A focuses on discussion of year-over-year comparisons between fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023. Discussion of fiscal 2022 results and year-over-year comparisons between fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 
 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 Strategies and Initiatives 
 In fiscal 2024, our B2B scoring solutions, including the flagship FICO Score, continued to be the standard measure of consumer credit risk in the U.S. The adoption of our most predictive scores, FICO Score 10 and 10 T, gained increased traction for non-conforming mortgages and will be implemented for conforming mortgages based on the timeline set forth by the Federal Housing Finance Agency for enterprise credit scoring requirements. We continued the expansion of our financial inclusion initiatives through the FICO Educational Analytics Challenge, a program created to help promote diversity in data science, engineering, and technology at Historically Black Colleges and Universities. Additionally, we host free Score A Better Future TM financial education workshops for students and adults from traditionally underserved communities. Internationally, we launched a FICO Score based on Ukrainian Bureau of Credit Histories data, an innovative score to help Ukrainians gain credit access in Poland. We also remained committed to expanding usage of the FICO Resilience Index, a complement to FICO Scores that more precisely predicts a borrower s resilience to future economic disruptions, helping lenders manage latent risk. We continued to develop alternative data scores, including trended data cash flow attributes, to help lenders identify credit borrowers with positive financial profiles that extend beyond their traditional credit reports as well as offer credit score layering leveraging UltraFICO Score and FICO Score XD to help broaden accessibility and extend financial inclusion to borrowers with limited credit history. 
 During fiscal 2024, the strategy for our Software segment was to continue to advance and drive growth through our platform-first, cloud delivered products. A significant portion of our short-term opportunity remains in North America, where financial institutions are focused on digital transformation and understand the value of FICO Platform. We have also expanded our FICO Platform reach both by geography and customer type in order to enable organizations to operationalize analytics, and to power customer connections and decision making at scale. We continue to innovate and bring new capabilities to FICO Platform, demonstrating its value with new customers and expanding use cases with existing customers. 
 We also continued to enhance stockholder value by returning cash to stockholders through our stock repurchase program. During fiscal 2024, we repurchased 0.6 million shares at a total repurchase price of 833.3 million. 
 Highlights from Fiscal 2024 
 Total revenues were 1.7 billion during fiscal 2024, a 13 increase from fiscal 2023. 
 Revenues for our Scores segment were 919.7 million during fiscal 2024, a 19 increase from fiscal 2023. 
 Annual Recurring Revenue for our Software segment as of September 30, 2024 was 721.2 million, an 8 increase from September 30, 2023. 
 Dollar-Based Net Retention Rate for our Software segment was 106 as of September 30, 2024. 
 Operating income was 733.6 million during fiscal 2024, a 14 increase from fiscal 2023. 
 Net income was 512.8 million during fiscal 2024, a 19 increase from fiscal 2023. 
 Diluted EPS was 20.45 during fiscal 2024, a 21 increase from fiscal 2023. 
 Cash flow from operating activities was 633.0 million during fiscal 2024, compared with 468.9 million during fiscal 2023. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Cash and cash equivalents were 150.7 million as of September 30, 2024, compared with 136.8 million as of September 30, 2023. 
 Total debt balance was 2.2 billion as of September 30, 2024, compared with 1.9 billion as of September 30, 2023. 
 Total share repurchases during fiscal 2024 were 833.3 million, compared with 407.3 million during fiscal 2023. 
 Key performance metrics for Software segment 
 Annual Contract Value Bookings ACV Bookings 
 Management regards ACV Bookings as an important indicator of future revenues, but it is not comparable to, nor is it a substitute for, an analysis of our revenues and other U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP measures. We define ACV Bookings as the average annualized value of software contracts signed in the current reporting period that generate current and future on-premises and SaaS software revenue. We only include contracts with an initial term of at least 24 months and we exclude perpetual licenses and other software revenues that are non-recurring in nature. For renewals of existing software subscription contracts, we count only incremental annual revenue expected over the current contract as ACV Bookings. 
 ACV Bookings is calculated by dividing the total expected contract value by the contract term in years. The expected contract value equals the fixed amount including guaranteed minimums, if any stated in the contract, plus estimates of future usage-based fees. We develop estimates from discussions with our customers and examinations of historical data from similar products and customer arrangements. Differences between estimates and actual results occur due to variability in the estimated usage. This variability can be the result of the economic trends in our customers industries, individual performance of our customers relative to their competitors, and regulatory and other factors that affect the business environment in which our customers operate. For the periods presented, ACV Bookings related to estimates of future usage-based fees was approximately 30 of the total ACV Bookings amount on an annualized basis. Differences between the initial estimates of future usage-based fees and actual results historically have not been material and we do not currently expect that they will be materially different in the future. 
 We disclose estimated revenue expected to be recognized in the future related to remaining performance obligations in Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. However, we believe ACV Bookings is a useful supplemental measure of our business as it includes estimated revenues and future billings excluded from Note 9, such as usage-based fees and guaranteed minimums derived from our on-premises software licenses, among others. 
 The following table summarizes our ACV Bookings during the periods indicated: 
 Quarter Ended September 30, Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 
 (In millions) Total on-premises and SaaS software 22.1 28.0 84.7 93.9 
 
 ) We sold certain assets related to our Siron compliance business during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, and the amount above excludes this product line for the year ended September 30, 2023. 
 Annual Recurring Revenue ARR 
 Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, requires us to recognize a significant portion of revenue from our on-premises software subscriptions at the point in time when the software is first made available to the customer, or at the beginning of the subscription term, despite the fact that our contracts typically call for billing these amounts ratably over the life of the subscription. The remaining portion of our on-premises software subscription revenue including maintenance and usage-based fees are recognized over the life of the contract. This point-in-time recognition of a portion of our on-premises software subscription revenue creates significant variability in the revenue recognized period to period based on the timing of the subscription start date and the subscription term. Furthermore, this point-in-time revenue recognition can create a significant difference between the timing of our revenue recognition and the actual customer billing under the contract. We use ARR to measure the underlying performance of our subscription-based contracts and mitigate the impact of this variability. ARR is defined as the annualized revenue run-rate of on-premises and SaaS software agreements within a quarterly reporting period, and as such, is different from the timing and amount of revenue recognized. All components of our software licensing and subscription arrangements that are not expected to recur (primarily perpetual licenses) are excluded. We calculate ARR as the quarterly recurring revenue run-rate multiplied by four. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our ARR for on-premises and SaaS software exiting each of the dates presented: 
 December 31, 2022 
 March 31, 2023 June 30, 2023 September 30, 2023 December 31, 2023 March 31, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 ARR 
 (In millions) Platform 132.8 152.5 164.1 173.2 190.3 201.4 215.1 227.0 Non-Platform 450.1 461.0 481.8 496.2 497.4 495.6 494.5 494.2 Total 582.9 613.5 645.9 669.4 687.7 697.0 709.6 721.2 Percentage Platform 23 25 25 26 28 29 30 31 Non-Platform 77 75 75 74 72 71 70 69 Total 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 YoY Change Platform 46 60 53 53 43 32 31 31 Non-Platform 4 7 11 14 11 8 3 Total 11 17 20 22 18 14 10 8 
 
 ) We sold certain assets related to our Siron compliance business during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, and the amounts and percentages above exclude this product line at December 31, 2022. 
 Dollar-Based Net Retention Rate DBNRR 
 We consider DBNRR to be an important measure of our success in retaining and growing revenue from our existing customers. To calculate DBNRR for any period, we compare the ARR at the end of the prior comparable quarter base ARR to the ARR from that same cohort of customers at the end of the current quarter retained ARR we then divide the retained ARR by the base ARR to arrive at the DBNRR. Our calculation includes the positive impact among this cohort of customers of selling additional products, price increases and increases in usage-based fees, and the negative impact of customer attrition, price decreases, and decreases in usage-based fees during the period. However, the calculation does not include the positive impact from sales to any new customers acquired during the period. Our DBNRR may increase or decrease from period to period as a result of various factors, including the timing of new sales and customer renewal rates. 
 The following table summarizes our DBNRR for on-premises and SaaS software exiting each of the dates presented: 
 December 31, 2022 ) March 31, 2023 June 30, 2023 September 30, 2023 December 31, 2023 March 31, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 DBNRR Platform 130 146 142 145 136 126 124 123 Non-Platform 103 105 109 111 108 106 101 99 Total 110 114 117 120 114 112 108 106 
 
 ) We sold certain assets related to our Siron compliance business during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, and the percentages above exclude this product line at December 31, 2022. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 We are organized into two reportable segments: Scores and Software. Although we sell solutions and services into a large number of end user product and industry markets, our reportable business segments reflect the primary method in which management organizes and evaluates internal financial information to make operating decisions and assess performance. 
 Segment revenues, operating income, and related financial information, including disaggregation of revenue, for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 are set forth in Note 9 and Note 14 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Revenues 
 The following tables set forth certain summary information on a segment basis related to our revenues for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022: 
 Year Ended September 30, Period-to-Period Change Period-to-Period Percentage Change Segment 2024 2023 2022 2024 to 2023 2023 to 2022 2024 to 2023 2023 to 2022 (In thousands) (In thousands) Scores 919,650 773,828 706,643 145,822 67,185 19 10 Software 797,876 739,729 670,627 58,147 69,102 8 10 Total 1,717,526 1,513,557 1,377,270 203,969 136,287 13 10 
 Percentage of Revenues Year Ended September 30, Segment 2024 2023 2022 Scores 54 51 51 Software 46 49 49 Total 100 100 100 
 
 Scores 
 Scores segment revenues increased 145.8 million in fiscal 2024 from 2023 due to an increase of 150.8 million in our business-to-business scores revenue, partially offset by a decrease of 5.0 million in our business-to-consumer revenue. The increase in business-to-business scores revenue was primarily attributable to a higher unit price, partially offset by a decrease in volume of mortgage originations. The decrease in business-to-consumer revenue was primarily attributable to a decrease in direct sales generated from the myFICO.com website. 
 Software 
 The following table provides information about disaggregated revenue for our Software segment by revenue types: 
 Year Ended September 30, Period-to-Period Change Period-to-Period Percentage Change 2024 2023 2022 2024 to 2023 2023 to 2022 2024 to 2023 2023 to 2022 (In thousands) (In thousands) On-premises and SaaS software 
 711,340 640,182 564,751 71,158 75,431 11 13 Professional services 86,536 99,547 105,876 (13,011) (6,329) (13) (6) Total 797,876 739,729 670,627 58,147 69,102 8 10 
 The following table provides information about disaggregated revenue for on-premises and SaaS software within our Software segment by timing of revenue recognition: 
 Year Ended September 30, Period-to-Period Change Period-to-Period Percentage Change 2024 2023 2022 2024 to 2023 2023 to 2022 2024 to 2023 2023 to 2022 (In thousands) (In thousands) Software recognized at a point in time (1) 
 76,284 72,843 75,647 3,441 (2,804) 5 (4) Software recognized over contract term (2) 
 635,056 567,339 489,104 67,717 78,235 12 16 Total 
 711,340 640,182 564,751 71,158 75,431 11 13 
 
 (1) Includes license portion of our on-premises subscription software and perpetual license, both of which are recognized when the software is made available to the customer, or at the start of the subscription. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 (2) Includes maintenance portion and usage-based fees of our on-premises subscription software, maintenance revenue on perpetual licenses, as well as SaaS revenue. 
 Software segment revenues increased 58.1 million in fiscal 2024 from 2023 due to a 71.2 million increase in on-premises and SaaS software revenue, partially offset by a 13.0 million decrease in services revenue. The increase in our on-premises and SaaS software revenue was primarily attributable to an increase in revenue recognized over time largely driven by SaaS growth for our Platform products. The decrease in professional services revenue was primarily attributable to our strategy to emphasize higher-margin software over professional services. 
 
 Operating Expenses and Other Income (Expense), Net 
 The following tables set forth certain summary information related to our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022: 
 Year Ended September 30, Period-to-Period Change Period-to-Period Percentage Change 2024 2023 2022 2024 to 2023 2023 to 2022 2024 to 2023 2023 to 2022 (In thousands, except employees) (In thousands, except employees) Revenues 1,717,526 1,513,557 1,377,270 203,969 136,287 13 10 Operating expenses: Cost of revenues 348,206 311,053 302,174 37,153 8,879 12 3 Research and development 171,940 159,950 146,758 11,990 13,192 7 9 Selling, general and administrative 462,834 400,565 383,863 62,269 16,702 16 4 Amortization of intangible assets 917 1,100 2,061 (183) (961) (17) (47) Gain on product line asset sale (1,941) 1,941 (1,941) (100) Total operating expenses 983,897 870,727 834,856 113,170 35,871 13 4 Operating income 733,629 642,830 542,414 90,799 100,416 14 19 Interest expense, net (105,638) (95,546) (68,967) (10,092) (26,579) 11 39 Other income (expense), net 14,034 6,340 (2,138) 7,694 8,478 121 (397) Income before income taxes 642,025 553,624 471,309 88,401 82,315 16 17 Provision for income taxes 129,214 124,249 97,768 4,965 26,481 4 27 Net income 512,811 429,375 373,541 83,436 55,834 19 15 Number of employees at fiscal year-end 3,586 3,455 3,404 131 51 4 1 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Percentage of Revenues Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 Revenues 100 100 100 Operating expenses: Cost of revenues 20 21 22 Research and development 10 11 11 Selling, general and administrative 27 26 28 Amortization of intangible assets Gain on product line asset sale Total operating expenses 57 58 61 Operating income 43 42 39 Interest expense, net (6) (6) (5) Other income (expense), net 1 Income before income taxes 38 36 34 Provision for income taxes 8 8 7 Net income 30 28 27 
 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenues consists primarily of employee salaries, incentives, and benefits for personnel directly involved in delivering software products, operating SaaS infrastructure, and providing support, implementation and consulting services; overhead, facilities and data center costs; software royalty fees; credit bureau data and processing services; third-party hosting fees related to our SaaS services; travel costs; and outside services. 
 The fiscal 2024 over 2023 increase in cost of revenues of 37.2 million was primarily attributable to an 18.1 million increase in infrastructure and facilities costs, a 12.4 million increase in personnel and labor costs, a 4.3 million increase in direct materials costs, and a 2.4 million increase in outside services costs. The increase in infrastructure and facilities costs was primarily attributable to an increase in third-party data center hosting costs, a prior year one-time reimbursement from a third-party data center provider for implementation costs previously incurred, and an increase in software royalty costs. The increase in personnel and labor costs was primarily attributable to increased market base-pay adjustments and increased share-based compensation expense. The increase in direct materials costs was primarily attributable to increased telecommunications expenses to support FICO Customer Communications Services revenue. The increase in outside services costs was primarily attributable to increased consulting costs. Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues decreased to 20 during fiscal 2024 from 21 during fiscal 2023, primarily due to increased sales of our higher-margin Scores products. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses include personnel and related overhead costs incurred in the development of new products and services, including research of mathematical and statistical models and development of new versions of Software products. 
 The fiscal 2024 over 2023 increase in research and development expenses of 12.0 million was primarily attributable to an 8.2 million increase in personnel and labor costs, as a result of increases in share-based compensation expense, headcount, and incentive expense, a 2.4 million increase in infrastructure and facilities costs primarily attributable to increased third-party data center hosting costs, and a 1.8 million increase in consulting costs. Research and development expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased to 10 during fiscal 2024 from 11 during fiscal 2023. 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist principally of employee salaries, incentives, commissions and benefits; travel costs; overhead costs; advertising and other promotional expenses; corporate facilities expenses; legal expenses; and business development expenses. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 The fiscal 2024 over 2023 increase in selling, general and administrative expenses of 62.3 million was primarily attributable to a 38.6 million increase in personnel and labor costs, a 6.0 million increase in outside services costs, a 5.5 million increase in advertising and other promotional costs, a 4.9 million increase in non-income tax costs, a 3.7 million increase in travel costs, and a 2.6 million increase in infrastructure and facilities costs. The increase in personnel and labor costs was primarily attributable to increased share-based compensation expense, increased headcount, market base-pay adjustments, increased fringe benefit costs related to our supplemental retirement and savings plan, and increased incentive expense. The increase in outside services costs was primarily attributable to increased legal and consulting expenses. The increase in advertising and other promotional expenses was primarily attributable to increased costs for advertising campaigns and corporate events. The increase in non-income tax costs was primarily attributable to a tax law change related to transfer pricing effective in fiscal 2024 that impacted a non-U.S. subsidiary. The increase in travel costs was primarily attributable to promotional and corporate events. The increase in infrastructure and facilities costs was primarily attributable to the impact of a favorable adjustment in the prior year from the termination of an office lease. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues increased to 27 during fiscal 2024 from 26 during fiscal 2023. 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 Amortization of intangible assets consists of expense related to intangible assets recorded in connection with our acquisitions. Our finite-lived intangible assets, consisting primarily of completed technology and customer contracts and relationships, are amortized using the straight-line method over periods ranging from five to ten years. 
 Amortization expense was 0.9 million and 1.1 million for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Gain on Product Line Asset Sale 
 The 1.9 million gain on product line asset sale during fiscal 2023 was attributable to the sale of certain assets related to our Siron compliance business. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense includes interest on the senior notes issued in December 2021, December 2019, and May 2018, as well as interest and credit agreement fees on the revolving line of credit and term loans. On our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, interest expense is netted with interest income, which is derived primarily from the investment of funds in excess of our immediate operating requirements. 
 The fiscal 2024 from 2023 increase in net interest expense of 10.1 million was primarily attributable to a higher average interest rate and higher average outstanding balance of borrowings under our credit agreement during fiscal 2024. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net consists primarily of unrealized investment gains/losses and realized gains/losses on certain investments classified as trading securities, exchange rate gains/losses resulting from remeasurement of foreign-currency-denominated receivable and cash balances held by our various reporting entities into their respective functional currencies at period-end market rates, net of the impact of offsetting foreign currency forward contracts, and other non-operating items. 
 The fiscal 2024 over 2023 increase in other income, net of 7.7 million was primarily attributable to an increase in net unrealized and realized gains on investments classified as trading securities in our supplemental retirement and savings plan and a decrease in foreign currency exchange losses. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Our effective income tax rates were 20.1 , 22.4 and 20.7 in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 The decrease in our effective tax rate in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 was due to an increase in excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Income 
 The following tables set forth certain summary information on a segment basis related to our operating income for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022: 
 Year Ended September 30, Period-to-Period Change Period-to-Period Percentage Change Segment 2024 2023 2022 2024 to 2023 2023 to 2022 2024 to 2023 2023 to 2022 (In thousands) (In thousands) Scores 813,354 681,071 619,355 132,283 61,716 19 10 Software 257,529 241,191 183,122 16,338 58,069 7 32 Unallocated corporate expenses (186,898) (156,426) (142,647) (30,472) (13,779) 19 10 Total segment operating income 883,985 765,836 659,830 118,149 106,006 15 16 Unallocated share-based compensation (149,439) (123,847) (115,355) (25,592) (8,492) 21 7 Unallocated amortization expense (917) (1,100) (2,061) 183 961 (17) (47) Gain on product line asset sale 1,941 (1,941) 1,941 (100) Operating income 733,629 642,830 542,414 90,799 100,416 14 19 
 Scores 
 
 Year Ended September 30, Percentage of Revenues 2024 2023 2022 2024 2023 2022 (In thousands) Segment revenues 919,650 773,828 706,643 100 100 100 Segment operating expenses (106,296) (92,757) (87,288) (12) (12) (12) Segment operating income 813,354 681,071 619,355 88 88 88 
 Software 
 
 Year Ended September 30, Percentage of Revenues 2024 2023 2022 2024 2023 2022 (In thousands) Segment revenues 797,876 739,729 670,627 100 100 100 Segment operating expenses (540,347) (498,538) (487,505) (68) (67) (73) Segment operating income 257,529 241,191 183,122 32 33 27 
 The fiscal 2024 over 2023 increase in operating income of 90.8 million was primarily attributable to a 204.0 million increase in segment revenues, partially offset by a 55.3 million increase in segment operating expenses, a 30.5 million increase in corporate expenses, and a 25.6 million increase in share-based compensation cost. 
 At the segment level, the 118.1 million increase in segment operating income was the result of a 132.3 million increase in our Scores segment operating income and a 16.3 million increase in our Software segment operating income, partially offset by a 30.5 million increase in corporate expenses. 
 The 132.3 million increase in our Scores segment operating income was attributable to a 145.8 million increase in segment revenue, partially offset by a 13.5 million increase in segment operating expenses. Segment operating income as a percentage of segment revenue for Scores was 88 , consistent with fiscal 2023. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 The 16.3 million increase in our Software segment operating income was attributable to a 58.1 million increase in segment revenue, partially offset by a 41.8 million increase in segment operating expenses. Segment operating income as a percentage of segment revenue for Software decreased to 32 from 33 , primarily attributable to a prior year one-time reimbursement from a third-party data center provider for implementation costs previously incurred, partially offset by a decrease in sales of our lower-margin professional services. 
 
 CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
 Outlook 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 150.7 million in cash and cash equivalents, which included 124.4 million held by our foreign subsidiaries. We believe our cash and cash equivalents balances, including those held by our foreign subsidiaries, as well as available borrowings from our 600 million revolving line of credit and anticipated cash flows from operating activities, will be sufficient to fund our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future, including the 15.0 million principal payments on the 300 Million Term Loan (as defined below) due over the next 12 months. Under our current financing arrangements, we have no other significant debt obligations maturing over the next twelve months. For jurisdictions outside the U.S. where cash may be repatriated in the future, the Company expects the net impact of any repatriations to be immaterial to the Company s overall tax liability. 
 In the normal course of business, we evaluate the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with or investing in these businesses. We may elect to use available cash and cash equivalents to fund such activities in the future. In the event additional needs for cash arise, or if we refinance our existing debt, we may raise additional funds from a combination of sources, including the potential issuance of debt or equity securities. Additional financing might not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. If adequate funds were not available or were not available on acceptable terms, our ability to take advantage of unanticipated opportunities or respond to competitive pressures could be limited. 
 Summary of Cash Flows 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 (In thousands) Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 632,964 468,915 509,450 Investing activities (27,993) (15,954) (5,671) Financing activities (592,923) (455,001) (547,165) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 1,841 5,616 (18,766) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 13,889 3,576 (62,152) 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Our primary method for funding operations and growth has been through cash flows generated from operating activities. Net cash provided by operating activities totaled 633.0 million in fiscal 2024 compared to 468.9 million in fiscal 2023. The 164.1 million increase was attributable to an 83.4 million increase in net income, a 43.0 million increase that resulted from timing of receipts and payments in our ordinary course of business, and a 37.7 million increase in non-cash items. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities totaled 28.0 million in fiscal 2024 compared to 16.0 million in fiscal 2023. The 12.0 million increase was attributable to a 16.7 million increase in capitalized internal-use software costs and a 4.6 million increase in purchases of property and equipment, partially offset by a 6.1 million decrease in cash transferred, net of proceeds, from a product line asset sale and a 3.2 million increase in proceeds from sales, net of purchases, of marketable securities. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities totaled 592.9 million in fiscal 2024 compared to 455.0 million in fiscal 2023. The 137.9 million increase was primarily attributable to a 416.2 million increase in repurchases of common stock and a 62.5 million increase in taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards, partially offset by a 340.0 million increase in proceeds, net of payments, on our revolving line of credit and term loans. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Repurchases of Common Stock 
 In January 2024, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program (the January 2024 program ), replacing our previously authorized October 2022 stock repurchase program, which was terminated prior to its expiration. The January 2024 program was open-ended and authorized repurchases of shares of our common stock from time to time up to an aggregate cost of 500.0 million in the open market or in negotiated transactions. In July 2024, our Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program (the July 2024 program ), replacing the January 2024 program, which was terminated prior to its expiration and under which 29.6 million was remaining for repurchase at the time of termination. The July 2024 program is open-ended and authorizes repurchases of shares of our common stock from time to time up to an aggregate cost of 1.0 billion in the open market or in negotiated transactions. The July 2024 program remains in effect until the total authorized amount is expended or until further action by our Board of Directors. As of September 30, 2024, we had 760.5 million remaining under the July 2024 program. During fiscal 2024 and 2023, we expended 833.3 million and 407.3 million, respectively, under the July 2024 program and previously authorized stock repurchase programs, as applicable. 
 Revolving Line of Credit and Term Loans 
 We have a 600 million unsecured revolving line of credit and a 300 million unsecured term loan (the 300 Million Term Loan with a syndicate of banks that mature on August 19, 2026. Borrowings under the revolving line of credit and the 300 Million Term Loan can be used for working capital and general corporate purposes and may also be used for the refinancing of existing debt, acquisitions, and the repurchase of our common stock. The 300 Million Term Loan requires principal payments in consecutive quarterly installments of 3.75 million on the last business day of each quarter. Interest rates on amounts borrowed under the revolving line of credit and the 300 Million Term Loan are based on (i) an adjusted base rate, which is the greatest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.5 , and (c) one-month adjusted term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus 1 , plus, in each case, an applicable margin, or (ii) an adjusted term SOFR plus an applicable margin (or, if such rate is no longer available, a successor benchmark rate determined in accordance with the terms of the credit agreement) . Adjusted term SOFR is defined as term SOFR for the relevant interest period plus a SOFR adjustment of 0.10 per annum. The applicable margin for base rate borrowings and for SOFR borrowings is determined based on our consolidated leverage ratio. The applicable margin for base rate borrowings ranges from 0 to 0.75 per annum and for SOFR borrowings ranges from 1 to 1.75 per annum. In addition, we must pay certain credit facility fees. The revolving line of credit and the 300 Million Term Loan contain certain restrictive covenants including a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of 3.5 to 1.0, subject to a step up to 4.0 to 1.0 following certain permitted acquisitions and subject to certain conditions, and a minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.0 to 1.0. The credit agreement also contains other covenants typical of unsecured credit facilities. 
 On June 13, 2024, we amended our credit agreement to provide for the issuance of a new 450 million unsecured term loan (the 450 Million Term Loan with a syndicate of banks, increasing the total capacity of the credit agreement to 1.35 billion. The 450 Million Term Loan is subject to the same interest rate provisions and covenants as the revolving line of credit and the 300 Million Term Loan, and matures on August 19, 2026. We have no obligation to make scheduled principal payments on the 450 Million Term Loan prior to the maturity date, but may prepay the 450 Million Term Loan, without premium or penalty, in whole or in part. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 210.0 million in borrowings outstanding under the revolving line of credit at a weighted-average interest rate of 6.396 , 258.8 million in outstanding balance of the 300 Million Term Loan at an interest rate of 6.344 , and 450.0 million in outstanding balance of the 450 Million Term Loan at an interest rate of 6.281 . We were in compliance with all financial covenants under the credit agreement as of September 30, 2024. 
 Senior Notes 
 On May 8, 2018, we issued 400 million of senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2018 Senior Notes ). The 2018 Senior Notes require interest payments semi-annually at a rate of 5.25 per annum and will mature on May 15, 2026. On December 6, 2019, we issued 350 million of senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2019 Senior Notes ). The 2019 Senior Notes require interest payments semi-annually at a rate of 4.00 per annum and will mature on June 15, 2028. On December 17, 2021, we issued 550 million of additional senior notes of the same class as the 2019 Senior Notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2021 Senior Notes, and collectively with the 2018 Senior Notes and the 2019 Senior Notes, the Senior Notes ). The 2021 Senior Notes require interest payments semi-annually at a rate of 4.00 per annum and will mature on June 15, 2028, the same date as the 2019 Senior Notes. The indentures for the Senior Notes contain certain covenants typical of unsecured obligations. As of September 30, 2024, the carrying value of the Senior Notes was 1.3 billion and we were in compliance with all financial covenants under these obligations. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table presents a summary of our contractual obligations at September 30, 2024: 
 Year Ending September 30, Thereafter Total 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 (In thousands) Senior Notes (1) 
 400,000 900,000 1,300,000 Revolving line of credit and term loans (1) 
 15,000 903,750 918,750 Interest due on Senior Notes 57,000 57,000 36,000 36,000 186,000 Operating lease obligations 13,378 9,805 5,618 4,439 2,626 2,039 37,905 Finance lease obligations 3,625 3,625 3,625 441 11,316 Purchase obligations (2) 
 62,271 57,835 2,594 122,700 Unrecognized tax benefits (3) 
 19,879 Total commitments 151,274 1,432,015 47,837 940,880 2,626 2,039 2,596,550 
 (1) Represents the unpaid principal payments due under the Senior Notes, revolving line of credit, and term loans. 
 (2) Represents purchase obligations primarily consisting of commitments to purchase certain services. For services that have been delivered under these arrangements as of September 30, 2024, we recorded related liabilities within accounts payable or other accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet, which are excluded from the purchase obligations amount. 
 (3) Represents unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions. As we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of the payments or the amount by which the liability will increase or decrease over time, the related balances have not been reflected in the section of the table showing payment by fiscal year. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. These accounting principles require management to make certain judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We periodically evaluate our estimates including those relating to revenue recognition, goodwill resulting from business combinations and other long-lived assets impairment assessment, share-based compensation, income taxes, and contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable based on the specific circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates and such differences could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. Critical accounting estimates are those that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 and Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report, we believe the following accounting policies require the most critical accounting estimates, which involve significant subjectivity and judgment, and changes to such estimates or assumptions could have a material impact on our financial condition or operating results. Therefore, we consider an understanding of the variability and judgment required in making these estimates and assumptions to be critical in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue Recognition 
 For our SaaS subscriptions, we estimate the total variable consideration at contract inception subject to any constraints that may apply and update the estimates as new information becomes available and recognize the amount ratably over the SaaS service period, unless we determine it is appropriate to allocate the variable amount to each distinct service period and recognize revenue as each distinct service period is performed. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in our judgment, it is probable that a significant future reversal of cumulative revenue recognized under the contract will not occur. Variable consideration is estimated based on either the expected value or the most likely amount method depending on which method we expect to better predict the amount of consideration to which we will be entitled. Our estimates of variable consideration are based largely on an assessment of our anticipated performance and all information (historical, current and forecasted) that is reasonably available to us at contract inception and require judgment. For the periods presented, we have not experienced significant changes to our estimates and judgments related to variable consideration in our contracts. 
 For our professional services, significant judgment may be required to determine the timing of satisfaction of a performance obligation in certain professional services contracts with a fixed consideration, in which we measure progress using an input method based on labor hours expended. In order to estimate the total hours of the project, we make assumptions about labor utilization, efficiency of processes, the customer s specification and IT environment, among others. For certain complex projects, due to the risks and uncertainties inherent with the estimation process and factors relating to the assumptions, actual progress may differ due to the change in estimated total hours. Adjustments to estimates are made in the period in which the facts requiring such revisions become known and, accordingly, recognized revenues are subject to revisions as the contract progresses to completion. For the periods presented, we have not experienced significant changes to our estimates and judgments related to the timing of satisfaction of our professional services. 
 Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct and should be accounted for separately may require significant judgment. Specifically, when implementation service is included in the original software or SaaS offerings, judgment is required to determine if the implementation service significantly modifies or customizes the software or SaaS service in such a way that the risks of providing it and the customization service are inseparable. In rare instances, contracts may include significant modification or customization of the software of SaaS service and will result in the combination of software or SaaS service and implementation service as one performance obligation. For the periods presented, we have not experienced significant changes to our estimates and judgments related to the identification of performance obligations for our contracts. 
 We determine the standalone selling prices SSP using data from our historical standalone sales, or, in instances where such information is not available (such as when we do not sell the product or service separately), we consider factors such as the stated contract prices, our overall pricing practices and objectives, go-to-market strategy, size and type of the transactions, and effects of the geographic area on pricing, among others. When the selling price of a product or service is highly variable, we may use the residual approach to determine the SSP of that product or service. Significant judgment may be required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation when it involves the consideration of many market conditions and entity-specific factors discussed above. For the periods presented, we have not experienced significant changes to our estimates and judgments related to the determination of our SSPs. 
 Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets - Impairment Assessment 
 Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations. We assess goodwill for impairment for each of our reporting units on an annual basis during our fourth fiscal quarter using a July 1 measurement date unless circumstances require a more frequent measurement. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 We have determined that our reporting units are the same as our reportable segments. When evaluating goodwill for impairment, we may first perform an assessment qualitatively whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, referred to as a step zero approach. If, based on the review of the qualitative factors, we determine it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we would bypass the two-step impairment test. Events and circumstances we consider in performing the step zero qualitative assessment include macro-economic conditions, market and industry conditions, internal cost factors, share price fluctuations, and the operational stability and overall financial performance of the reporting units. If we conclude that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount, we would perform the first step step one of the two-step impairment test and calculate the estimated fair value of the reporting unit by using discounted cash flow valuation models and by comparing our reporting units to guideline publicly-traded companies. These methods require estimates of our future revenues, profits, capital expenditures, working capital, and other relevant factors, as well as selecting appropriate guideline publicly-traded companies for each reporting unit. We estimate these amounts by evaluating historical trends, current budgets, operating plans, industry data, and other relevant factors. Alternatively, we may bypass the qualitative assessment described above for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to performing step one of the goodwill impairment test. 
 Our other long-lived assets are assessed for potential impairment when there is evidence that events and circumstances related to our financial performance and economic environment indicate the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. When impairment indicators are identified, we test for impairment using undiscounted projected cash flows. If such tests indicate impairment, then we measure and record the impairment as the difference between the carrying value of the asset and the fair value of the asset. Significant management judgment is required in forecasting future operating results used in the preparation of the projected cash flows. Should different conditions prevail, material write downs of our other long-lived assets could occur. 
 As discussed above, while we believe that the assumptions and estimates utilized were appropriate based on the information available to management, different assumptions, judgments and estimates could materially affect our impairment assessments for our goodwill and other long-lived assets. For the periods presented, we have not experienced significant changes to our estimates and judgments related to our goodwill or other long-lived assets impairment assessment. We believe our projected operating results and cash flows would need to be significantly less favorable to have a material impact on our impairment assessment. However, based upon our historical experience with operations, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood of a significant change in our projections. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 We measure share-based compensation cost at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and recognize it as expense, net of estimated forfeitures, over the vesting or service period, as applicable, of the stock award (generally three to four years). We use the Black-Scholes valuation model to determine the fair value of our stock options and a Monte Carlo valuation model to determine the fair value of our market share units. Our valuation models and generally accepted valuation techniques require us to make assumptions and to apply judgment to determine the fair value of our awards. These assumptions and judgments include estimating the volatility of our stock price, expected dividend yield, employee turnover rates and employee stock option exercise behaviors. For the periods presented, we have not experienced significant changes to our estimates and judgments related to the fair value of our awards. See Note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our share-based employee benefit plans. 
 Income Taxes 
 We estimate our income taxes based on the various jurisdictions where we conduct business, which involves significant judgment in determining our income tax provision. We estimate our current tax liability using currently enacted tax rates and laws and assess temporary differences that result from differing treatments of certain items for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities recorded on our consolidated balance sheets using the currently enacted tax rates and laws that will apply to taxable income for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized or settled. We then assess the likelihood our deferred tax assets will be realized and to the extent we believe realization is not more likely than not, we establish a valuation allowance. When we establish a valuation allowance or increase this allowance in an accounting period, we record a corresponding income tax expense in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. In assessing the need for the valuation allowance, we consider future taxable income in the jurisdictions we operate; our ability to carry back tax attributes to prior years; an analysis of our deferred tax assets and the periods over which they will be realizable; and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. An increase in the valuation allowance would have an adverse impact, which could be material, on our income tax provision and net income in the period in which we record the increase. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 We recognize and measure benefits for uncertain tax positions using a two-step approach. The first step is to evaluate the tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return by determining if the technical merits of the tax position indicate it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon audit, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. For tax positions more likely than not of being sustained upon audit, the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount more than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement. Significant judgment is required to evaluate uncertain tax positions and they are evaluated on a quarterly basis. Our evaluations are based upon a number of factors, including changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, correspondence with tax authorities during the course of audits and effective settlement of audit issues. Changes in the recognition or measurement of uncertain tax positions could result in material increases or decreases in our income tax expense in the period in which we make the change, which could have a material impact on our effective tax rate and operating results. 
 Contingencies and Litigation 
 We are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits and claims relating to products and services, technology, labor, stockholder and other matters. We are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse outcomes and the potential range of probable losses in these matters. If the potential loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we accrue a liability for the estimated loss. If the potential loss is considered less than probable or the amount cannot be reasonably estimated, disclosure of the matter is considered. The amount of loss accrual or disclosure, if any, is determined after analysis of each matter, and is subject to adjustment if warranted by new developments or revised strategies. Due to uncertainties related to these matters, accruals or disclosures are based on the best information available at the time. Significant judgment is required in both the assessment of likelihood and in the determination of a range of potential losses. Revisions in the estimates of the potential liabilities could have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations. For the periods presented, we have not experienced significant changes to our estimates and judgments related to the assessment of likelihood and in the determination of a range of potential losses. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information about recent accounting pronouncements recently adopted and not yet adopted and the impact on our consolidated financial statements, refer to Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , Note 1, Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Market Risk Disclosures 
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. 
 Interest Rate 
 We maintain an investment portfolio consisting of bank deposits and money market funds. The funds provide daily liquidity and may be subject to interest rate risk and fall in value if market interest rates increase. We do not expect our operating results or cash flows to be affected to any significant degree by a sudden change in market interest rates. The following table presents the principal amounts and related weighted-average yields for our investments with interest rate risk at September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cost Basis Carrying Amount Average Yield Cost Basis Carrying Amount Average Yield (Dollars in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents 150,667 150,667 2.88 136,778 136,778 3.05 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 On May 8, 2018, we issued 400 million of senior notes in a private placement to qualified institutional investors (the 2018 Senior Notes ). On December 6, 2019, we issued 350 million of senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2019 Senior Notes ). On December 17, 2021, we issued 550 million of additional senior notes of the same class as the 2019 Senior Notes in a private placement to qualified institutional investors (the 2021 Senior Notes and collectively with the 2018 Senior Notes and 2019 Senior Notes, the Senior Notes ). The fair value of the Senior Notes may increase or decrease due to various factors, including fluctuations in market interest rates and fluctuations in general economic conditions. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital Resources and Liquidity for additional information on the Senior Notes. The following table presents the face values and fair values for the Senior Notes at September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Face Value Fair Value Face Value Fair Value (In thousands) The 2018 Senior Notes 400,000 399,500 400,000 386,000 The 2019 Senior Notes and the 2021 Senior Notes 900,000 864,000 900,000 803,250 Total 1,300,000 1,263,500 1,300,000 1,189,250 
 We have interest rate risk with respect to our unsecured revolving line of credit and term loans. Interest rates on amounts borrowed under the revolving line of credit and term loans are based on (i) an adjusted base rate, which is the greatest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.5 , and (c) one-month adjusted term SOFR plus 1 , plus, in each case, an applicable margin, or (ii) an adjusted term SOFR plus an applicable margin (or, if such rate is no longer available, a successor benchmark rate determined in accordance with the terms of the credit agreement). Adjusted term SOFR is defined as term SOFR for the relevant interest period plus a SOFR adjustment of 0.10 per annum. The applicable margin for base rate borrowings and for SOFR borrowings is determined based on our consolidated leverage ratio. The applicable margin for base rate borrowings ranges from 0 to 0.75 per annum and for SOFR borrowings ranges from 1 to 1.75 per annum. A change in interest rates on this variable rate debt impacts the interest incurred and cash flows, but does not impact the fair value of the instrument. As of September 30, 2024, we had 210.0 million in borrowings outstanding under the revolving line of credit at a weighted-average interest rate of 6.396 , 258.8 million in outstanding balance of the 300 Million Term Loan at an interest rate of 6.344 , and 450.0 million in outstanding balance of the 450 Million Term Loan at an interest rate of 6.281 . 
 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 
 We maintain a program to manage our foreign exchange rate risk on existing foreign-currency-denominated receivable and cash balances by entering into forward contracts to sell or buy foreign currencies. At period end, foreign-currency-denominated receivable and cash balances held by our various reporting entities are remeasured into their respective functional currencies at current market rates. The change in value from this remeasurement is then reported as a foreign exchange gain or loss for that period in our accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income and the resulting gain or loss on the forward contract mitigates the foreign exchange rate risk of the associated assets. All of our foreign currency forward contracts have maturity periods of less than three months. Such derivative financial instruments are subject to market risk. 
 The following tables summarize our outstanding foreign currency forward contracts, by currency, at September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 Contract Amount Fair Value Foreign Currency USD USD (In thousands) Sell foreign currency: Euro (EUR) EUR 13,000 14,531 Buy foreign currency: British pound (GBP) GBP 12,237 16,400 Singapore dollar (SGD) SGD 7,404 5,800 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 September 30, 2023 Contract Amount Fair Value Foreign Currency USD USD (In thousands) Sell foreign currency: Euro (EUR) EUR 12,900 13,621 Buy foreign currency: British pound (GBP) GBP 10,700 13,100 Singapore dollar (SGD) SGD 8,569 6,300 
 The foreign currency forward contracts were entered into on September 30, 2024 and 2023; therefore, their fair value was 0 at each of these dates. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Fair Isaac Corporation 
 Bozeman, Montana 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Fair Isaac Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, stockholders' deficit, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of operations and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition Contracts with Customers Refer to Note 1 and Note 9 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to the Company s customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The Company s revenue is primarily derived from on-premises software and software-as-a-service (SaaS) subscriptions, professional services, and scoring services. 
 For contracts with customers that contain various combinations of products and services, the Company evaluates whether the products or services are distinct distinct products or services will be accounted for as separate performance obligations, while non-distinct products or services are combined with others to form a single performance obligation. 
 For on-premises software, which includes a term-based license and post-contract support or maintenance, the transaction price is either a fixed fee, or a usage-based fee sometimes subject to a guaranteed minimum. Any usage-based fees not subject to a guaranteed minimum or earned in excess of the minimum amount are recognized when the subsequent usage occurs. 
 For SaaS products, the Company estimates the total variable consideration at contract inception subject to any constraints that may apply and updates the estimates as new information becomes available and recognizes the amount ratably over the SaaS service period, unless the Company determines it is appropriate to allocate the variable amount to each distinct service period and recognize revenue as each distinct service period is performed. 
 The Company s professional services include software implementation, consulting, model development and training. The transaction price can be a fixed amount or a variable amount based upon the time and materials expended. Revenue on fixed-price services is recognized using an input method based on labor hours expended, which the Company believes provides a faithful depiction of the transfer of services. 
 The Company s scoring services include both business-to-business and business-to-consumer offerings. The Company s business-to-business scoring services typically include a license that grants consumer reporting agencies the right to use the scoring solutions in exchange for a usage-based royalty. Revenue is generally recognized when the usage occurs. Business-to-consumer offerings provide consumers with access to their FICO Scores and credit reports, as well as other value-add services. These are provided as either a one-time or ongoing subscription service renewed monthly or annually, all with a fixed consideration. 
 Given the complexity of certain of the Company s contracts, together with the judgment involved in identifying performance obligations and estimating variable consideration, auditing the related revenue required both extensive audit effort due to the volume and complexity of the contracts and a high degree of auditor judgment when performing audit procedures and evaluating the results of those procedures . 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to revenue recognition over the Company s identification of performance obligations and estimation of variable consideration, included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over contract revenue, including management s controls over the identification of performance obligations and estimation of variable consideration. 
 We selected a sample of contracts and performed the following procedures: 
 Obtained and read the contract, including master agreements, renewal agreements, and other source documents that are part of the contract. 
 Confirmed the terms of the contract directly with the customer, including whether there are terms not formally included in the contract that may impact the identification of performance obligations and revenue recognition and performed alternative procedures in the event of nonreplies. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Tested management s identification of the performance obligations within the customer contract. 
 Tested management s estimation of variable consideration in the transaction price by evaluating the reasonableness of the inputs used in management s estimates. 

/s/ November 6, 2024 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2004. 

53 

Table of Contents 

 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 September 30, 2024 2023 (In thousands, except par value data) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Marketable securities Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and employee benefits Other accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Current maturities on debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding) 
 Common stock par value; shares authorized, shares issued and and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in-capital Treasury stock, at cost and shares at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively) 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 (In thousands, except per share data) Revenues: On-premises and SaaS software Professional services Scores Total revenues Operating expenses: Cost of revenues Research and development Selling, general and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Gain on product line asset sale ) Total operating expenses Operating income Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Comprehensive income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Shares used in computing basic earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in-Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders Deficit (In thousands) Shares Par Value Balance at September 30, 2021 ) ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of treasury stock under employee stock plans ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Balance at September 30, 2022 ) ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of treasury stock under employee stock plans ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of treasury stock under employee stock plans ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 (In thousands) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) Net (gain) loss on marketable securities ) ) Non-cash operating lease costs Provision of doubtful accounts Gain on product line asset sale ) Net loss on sales and abandonment of property and equipment Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued compensation and employee benefits ) Other liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Capitalized internal-use software costs ) Proceeds from sales of marketable securities Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Cash transferred, net of proceeds, from product line asset sale and business divestiture ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from revolving line of credit and term loans Payments on revolving line of credit and term loans ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of senior notes Payments on debt issuance costs ) ) Payments on finance leases ) Proceeds from issuance of treasury stock under employee stock plans Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds of , and during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 Cash paid for interest Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: Unsettled repurchases of common stock Purchase of property and equipment included in accounts payable Finance lease obligation incurred 
 See accompanying notes. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 
 1. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 The fair values of our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities investments are disclosed in Note 4. The fair value of our derivative instruments is disclosed in Note 5. The fair value of our senior notes is disclosed in Note 8. 
 
 years to years Internal-use software years Office furniture and equipment years to years Leasehold improvements Shorter of estimated useful life or lease term 
 Depreciation and amortization on property and equipment totaled million, million and million during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets 
 
 We did not recognize any impairment charges on other long-lived assets in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

61 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 million, ) million and million during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.). See Note 12 for further discussion of our share-based employee benefit plans. 
 Advertising and promotion costs totaled million, million and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 million. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 3. 
 Money market funds Bank time deposits Total Marketable Securities: Marketable securities 
 The assets included in marketable securities represent long-term marketable equity securities held under a supplemental retirement and savings plan for certain officers and senior management employees, which are distributed upon termination or retirement of the employees. These investments are treated as trading securities and recorded at fair value. 
 
 4. 
 Marketable securities (2) 
 Total 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 Marketable securities (2) 
 Total 
 (1) million and million at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) 
 See Note 8 for the fair value of our senior notes. 
 There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 or 2022. 
 
 5. 
 . 
 Buy foreign currency: British pound (GBP) GBP Singapore dollar (SGD) SGD 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 Buy foreign currency: British pound (GBP) GBP Singapore dollar (SGD) SGD 
 The foreign currency forward contracts were entered into on September 30, 2024 and 2023; therefore, their fair value was at each of these dates. 
 Gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments were recorded in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income as a component of other income (expense), net, and consisted of the following: 
 ) 
 
 6. 
 accumulated goodwill impairment loss. 
 Scores Software Total (In thousands) Balance at September 30, 2022 Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at September 30, 2023 Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at September 30, 2024 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 7. 
 Internal-use software Office furniture and equipment Leasehold improvements Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total Other accrued liabilities: Interest payable Other Total 
 
 8. 
 The 300 Million Term Loan Current maturities on debt Long-term debt: Revolving line of credit The 300 Million Term Loan The 450 Million Term Loan The 2018 Senior Notes The 2019 Senior Notes and the 2021 Senior Notes Less: debt issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt Total debt 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 million unsecured revolving line of credit and a million unsecured term loan (the 300 Million Term Loan with a syndicate of banks that mature on . Borrowings under the revolving line of credit and the 300 Million Term Loan can be used for working capital and general corporate purposes and may also be used for the refinancing of existing debt, acquisitions, and the repurchase of our common stock. The 300 Million Term Loan requires principal payments in consecutive quarterly installments of million on the last business day of each quarter. Interest rates on amounts borrowed under the revolving line of credit and the 300 Million Term Loan are based on (i) an adjusted base rate, which is the greatest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the Federal Funds rate plus , and (c) one-month adjusted term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus , plus, in each case, an applicable margin, or (ii) an adjusted term SOFR plus an applicable margin (or, if such rate is no longer available, a successor benchmark rate determined in accordance with the terms of the credit agreement) . Adjusted term SOFR is defined as term SOFR for the relevant interest period plus a SOFR adjustment of 0.10 per annum. The applicable margin for base rate borrowings and for SOFR borrowings is determined based on our consolidated leverage ratio. The applicable margin for base rate borrowings ranges from to per annum and for SOFR borrowings ranges from to per annum. In addition, we must pay certain credit facility fees. The revolving line of credit and the 300 Million Term Loan contain certain restrictive covenants including a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of to 1.0, subject to a step up to to 1.0 following certain permitted acquisitions and subject to certain conditions, and a minimum interest coverage ratio of to 1.0. The credit agreement also contains other covenants typical of unsecured credit facilities. 
 On June 13, 2024, we amended our credit agreement to provide for the issuance of a new million unsecured term loan (the 450 Million Term Loan with a syndicate of banks, increasing the total capacity of the credit agreement to billion. The 450 Million Term Loan is subject to the same interest rate provisions and covenants as the revolving line of credit and the 300 Million Term Loan, and matures on . We have no obligation to make scheduled principal payments on the 450 Million Term Loan prior to the maturity date, but may prepay the 450 Million Term Loan, without premium or penalty, in whole or in part. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had million in borrowings outstanding under the revolving line of credit at a weighted-average interest rate of , million in outstanding balance of the 300 Million Term Loan at an interest rate of , and million in outstanding balance of the 450 Million Term Loan at an interest rate of . We were in compliance with all financial covenants under the credit agreement as of September 30, 2024. 
 2026 Total 
 Senior Notes 
 On May 8, 2018, we issued million of senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2018 Senior Notes ). The 2018 Senior Notes require interest payments semi-annually at a rate of per annum and will mature on . 
 On December 6, 2019, we issued million of senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2019 Senior Notes ). The 2019 Senior Notes require interest payments semi-annually at a rate of per annum and will mature on . 
 On December 17, 2021, we issued million of additional senior notes of the same class as the 2019 Senior Notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the 2021 Senior Notes, and collectively with the 2018 Senior Notes and the 2019 Senior Notes, the Senior Notes ). The 2021 Senior Notes require interest payments semi-annually at a rate of per annum and will mature on , the same date as the 2019 Senior Notes. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 The 2019 Senior Notes and the 2021 Senior Notes Total 
 2027 2028 Total 
 
 9. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 During fiscal 2023, we sold certain assets related to our Siron compliance business. The comparability of the data below is impacted as a result of this sale. 
 Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Total 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Total 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2022 Scores Software Total Percentage (Dollars in thousands) Americas Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Total 
 The following table provides information about disaggregated revenue for on-premises and SaaS software within our Software segment by deployment method: 
 Year Ended September 30, Percentage of revenues 2024 2023 2022 2024 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) On-premises software SaaS software Total 
 The following table provides information about disaggregated revenue for on-premises and SaaS software within our Software segment by product features: 
 Year Ended September 30, Percentage of revenues 2024 2023 2022 2024 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Platform software Non-Platform software Total 
 The following table provides information about disaggregated revenue for on-premises and SaaS software within our Software segment by timing of revenue recognition: 
 Year Ended September 30, Percentage of revenues 2024 2023 2022 2024 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Software recognized at a point in time (1) 
 Software recognized over contract term (2) 
 Total 
 
 (1) Includes license portion of our on-premises subscription software and perpetual license, both of which are recognized when the software is made available to the customer, or at the start of the subscription. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 Business-to-consumer Scores Total 
 We derive a substantial portion of revenues from our contracts with the three major consumer reporting agencies, TransUnion, Equifax and Experian. Revenues collectively generated by agreements with these customers accounted for , and of our total revenues in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, with all consumer reporting agencies each contributing more than 10 of our total revenues in fiscal 2024 and 2023, and each contributing more than 10 of our total revenues in fiscal 2022. At each of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, individual customer accounted for 10 or more of total consolidated receivables. 
 Contract Balances 
 We record a receivable when we satisfy a performance obligation prior to invoicing if only the passage of time is required before payment is due or if we have an unconditional right to consideration before we satisfy a performance obligation. We record a contract asset when we satisfy a performance obligation prior to invoicing but our right to consideration is conditional. We record deferred revenue when the payment is made or due before we satisfy a performance obligation. 
 Unbilled Less: allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Net receivables Less: long-term receivables 
 ) ) Short-term receivables 
 
 ) Short-term receivables and long-term receivables were recorded in accounts receivable, net and other assets, respectively, within the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Add: expense Less: write-offs (net of recoveries) ) ) Allowance for doubtful accounts, ending balance 
 Deferred revenue primarily relates to our maintenance and SaaS contracts billed annually in advance and generally recognized ratably over the term of the service period. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 Revenue recognized that was included in the deferred revenues balance at the beginning of the period ) ) Increases due to billings, excluding amounts recognized as revenue during the period Deferred revenues, ending balance 

million and long-term portion of million that were recorded in deferred revenue and other liabilities, respectively, within the consolidated balance sheets. Deferred revenues at September 30, 2023 included current portion of million and long-term portion of million that were recorded in deferred revenue and other liabilities, respectively, within the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Payment terms and conditions vary by contract type, although terms generally include a requirement of payment within to days. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, we have determined our contracts generally do not include a significant financing component. The primary purpose of our invoicing terms is to provide customers with simplified and predictable ways of purchasing our products and services, not to provide customers with financing or to receive financing from our customers. Examples include multi-year on-premises licenses that are invoiced annually with revenue recognized upfront and invoicing at the beginning of a subscription term with revenue recognized ratably over the contract period. 
 Performance Obligations 
 Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations represents contracted revenue that will be recognized in future periods, which is comprised of deferred revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods. This does not include: 
 Usage-based revenue that will be recognized in future periods from on-premises software subscriptions; 
 Consumption-based variable fees from SaaS software that will be recognized in the distinct service period during which it is earned; and 
 Revenue from variable considerations that will be recognized in accordance with the right-to-invoice practical expedient, such as fees from our professional services billed based on a time and materials basis. 
 Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations was million as of September 30, 2024, approximately of which we expect to recognize over the next months and the remainder thereafter. Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations was million as of September 30, 2023. 
 Significant Judgments 
 Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct and should be accounted for separately may require significant judgment. Specifically, when implementation service is included in the original software or SaaS offerings, judgment is required to determine if the implementation service significantly modifies or customizes the software or SaaS service in such a way that the risks of providing it and the customization service are inseparable. 
 We determine the SSPs using data from our historical standalone sales, or, in instances where such information is not available (such as when we do not sell the product or service separately), we consider factors such as the stated contract prices, our overall pricing practices and objectives, go-to-market strategy, size and type of the transactions, and effects of the geographic area on pricing, among others. When the selling price of a product or service is highly variable, we may use the residual approach to determine the SSP of that product or service. Significant judgment may be required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation when it involves the consideration of many market conditions and entity-specific factors discussed above. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 million and million at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Capitalized commission costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over ten years determined using a portfolio approach based on the transfer of goods or services to which the assets relate, taking into consideration both the initial and future contracts as we do not typically pay a commission on a contract renewal. The amortization costs are included in selling, general, and administrative expenses of our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. The amount of amortization was million, million, and million during the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. There was impairment loss in relation to the costs capitalized. 
 We apply a practical expedient to recognize the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the assets that we otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. These costs are recorded within selling, general, and administrative expenses. 
 
 10. 
 of compensation, not to exceed statutory limits. We also provide a company matching contribution. Investment in FICO common stock is not an option under this plan. Our contributions into all 401(k) plans, including former-acquired-company-sponsored plans that have since merged into the Fair Isaac Corporation 401(k) plan or have been frozen, totaled million, million and million during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Employee Incentive Plans 
 We maintain various employee incentive plans for the benefit of eligible employees, including officers. The awards generally are based upon the achievement of certain financial and performance objectives subject to the discretion of management. For executive officers, such discretion is exercised by the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors. Total expenses under our employee incentive plans were million, million and million during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 11. 
 State Foreign Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total provision 
 The foreign provision was based on foreign pre-tax earnings of million, million and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Current foreign tax expense related to foreign tax withholdings was million, million and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Foreign withholding tax and related foreign tax credits are included in current tax expense above. 
 
 Compensation benefits Operating lease liabilities Research and development costs Other assets Less: valuation allowance ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets ) ) Deferred commission ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax assets, net 
 Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods that the deferred tax assets will reverse, management believes it is more likely than not that we will realize the benefits of the deferred tax assets at September 30, 2024. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 million. The U.S. federal NOLs were acquired in connection with our acquisitions of Adeptra in fiscal 2012 and Infoglide in fiscal 2013. The U.S. federal NOL carryforwards will expire at various dates beginning in fiscal 2026, if not utilized. Utilization of the U.S. federal NOLs is subject to an annual limitation due to the change in ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. We had available an excess California state research credit of approximately million as of September 30, 2024. 
 to income before provision for income taxes for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 is shown below: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 (In thousands) Income tax provision at U.S. federal statutory rate State income taxes, net of U.S. federal benefit Foreign tax rate differential Research credits ) ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) ) Excess tax benefits relating to share-based compensation ) ) GILTI, FDII, BEAT and FTC ) ) ) Other Recorded income tax provision 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately million of unremitted earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries. The Company has provided million of deferred tax liabilities for foreign withholding taxes on the undistributed earnings and profits from certain non-U.S. subsidiaries that are not permanently reinvested outside the U.S. For other jurisdictions permanently reinvested, the Company expects the net impact of any future repatriations to be immaterial to the Company s overall tax liability. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefit for Uncertain Tax Positions 
 We conduct business globally and, as a result, file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, we are subject to examination by taxing authorities. With a few exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, local, or foreign income tax examinations for fiscal years prior to 2021. 
 Gross increases for tax positions in prior years Gross decreases for tax positions in prior years ) ) Gross increases based on tax positions related to the current year Decreases for settlements and payments ) Decreases due to statute expiration ) ) ) Gross unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 
 We had million of total unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2024, including million of tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. Although the timing and outcome of audit settlements are uncertain, it is unlikely there will be a significant reduction of the uncertain tax benefits in the next twelve months. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 million related to the unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 12. 
 shares of our common stock, plus additional shares that become available due to the expiration, forfeiture or cancellation of awards outstanding under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. Under the terms of the 2021 Plan, the pool of shares available for issuance may be used for all types of equity awards available under the 2021 Plan, which include stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, stock unit awards and other share-based awards. All employees, consultants and advisors of FICO or any subsidiary, as well as all non-employee directors, are eligible to receive awards under the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan will remain in effect until the earliest of the following: all shares subject to the Plan are distributed, the Board terminates the Plan, or the tenth anniversary of the effective date of the Plan. 
 Stock option awards have a maximum term of . In general, stock option awards and stock unit awards not subject to market or performance conditions vest annually over . Stock unit awards subject to market or performance conditions generally vest annually over based on the achievement of specified criteria. At September 30, 2024, there were shares available for issuance as new awards under the 2021 Plan. 
 Description of Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 We maintain the 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2019 Purchase Plan under which we are authorized to issue up to shares of our common stock to eligible employees. Eligible employees may elect to have up to of their eligible pay withheld through payroll deductions to purchase FICO common stock during semi-annual offering periods. The purchase price of the stock is of the closing sales price of FICO common stock on the last trading day of each offering period. Offering period means approximately periods commencing (a) on the first trading day on or after September 1 and terminating on the last trading day in the following February, and (b) on the first trading day on or after March 1 and terminating on the last trading day in the following August. At September 30, 2024, there were shares available for issuance under the 2019 Purchase Plan. 
 We satisfy stock option exercises, vesting of stock units and the 2019 Purchase Plan issuances from treasury shares. 
 Share-Based Compensation Expense and Related Income Tax Benefits 
 We recorded share-based compensation expense of million, million and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The total tax benefit related to this share-based compensation expense was million, million and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under all equity compensation plans. Total unrecognized compensation cost will be adjusted for future changes in estimated forfeitures. We expect to recognize that cost over a weighted-average period of years. 
 In fiscal 2024 we received million in cash from stock option exercises, with the tax benefit realized for the tax deductions from these exercises of million. 
 Share-Based Activity 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 The fair value of restricted stock units RSUs granted is the closing market price of our common stock on the date of grant, adjusted for the expected dividend yield, if applicable. We amortize the fair value on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 Granted Released ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 The weighted-average fair value of the RSUs granted was , and during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The total intrinsic value of the RSUs that vested was million, million and million during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, determined as of the date of vesting. 
 Performance Share Units 
 Performance share units PSUs are granted to our senior officers and earned based on pre-established performance goals approved by the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors for any given performance period. The range of payout is to of the number of target PSUs, based on the outcome of the performance conditions. We estimate the fair value of the PSUs using the closing market price of our common stock on the date of grant, adjusted for the expected dividend yield if applicable, based on the performance condition that is probable of achievement. We amortize the fair values over the requisite service period for each vesting tranche of the award. We reassess the probability at each reporting period and recognize the cumulative effect of the change in estimate in the period of change. 
 Granted Released ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 The weighted-average fair value of the PSUs granted was , and during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The total intrinsic value of the PSUs that vested was million, million and million during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, determined as of the date of vesting. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 . We estimate the fair value of MSUs granted using the Monte Carlo valuation model and amortize the fair values over the requisite service period for each vesting tranche of the award. In addition, we do not reverse the compensation cost solely because the market condition is not satisfied, and the award is therefore not earned by the employee, provided the requisite service is rendered. 
 Expected volatility in Russell 3000 Index Correlation between FICO and the Russell 3000 Index 
 Risk-free interest rate Average expected dividend yield 
 The expected volatility was determined based on daily historical movements in our stock price and the Russell 3000 Index for the preceding the grant date. The correlation between FICO and the Russell 3000 Index was determined based on historical daily stock price movements for the preceding the grant date. The risk-free rate was determined based on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yields over the performance period. Because we have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock since May 2017, and we do not presently plan to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, we used an expected dividend yield of zero. 
 Granted Released ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 The weighted-average fair value of the MSUs granted was , and during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The total intrinsic value of the MSUs that vested was million, million and million during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, determined as of the date of vesting. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

Expected volatility (range) - - - Weighted-average volatility Risk-free interest rate (range) - - - Weighted-average expected dividend yield 
 Expected Term. The expected term represents the period that our stock options are expected to be outstanding. We estimate the expected term based on historical experience of similar awards, giving consideration to the contractual terms of the share-based awards, vesting schedules and expectations of future employee behavior. 
 Expected Volatility. We estimate the volatility of our common stock at the date of grant based on a combination of the implied volatility of publicly traded options on our common stock and our historical volatility rate. 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based on observed interest rates appropriate for the term of our employee options. 
 Dividends. We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock since May 2017, and we do not presently plan to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, we used an expected dividend yield of zero in the years presented. 
 Forfeitures. We use historical data to estimate pre-vesting option forfeitures and record share-based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest. 
 Granted Exercised ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 Vested or expected to vest at September 30, 2024 
 The weighted-average fair value of options granted was , and during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding at September 30, 2024 was calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying options and the market price of our common stock for the outstanding options that had exercise prices lower than the market price of our common stock at September 30, 2024. The total intrinsic value of options exercised was million, million and million during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, determined as of the date of exercise. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 discount offered to participants. A total of , , and shares of our common stock were issued under the 2019 Purchase Plan during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The weighted-average purchase price was , , and per share for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 , respectively. 
 
 13. 
 Denominator share: Basic weighted-average shares Effect of dilutive securities Diluted weighted-average shares Earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 Anti-dilutive share-based awards excluded from the calculations of diluted EPS were immaterial during the years presented. 
 
 14. 
 reportable segments: Scores and Software. Although we sell solutions and services into a large number of end user product and industry markets, our reportable business segments reflect the primary method in which management organizes and evaluates internal financial information to make operating decisions and assess performance. 
 Scores. This segment includes our business-to-business B2B scoring solutions and services which give our clients access to predictive credit and other scores that can be easily integrated into their transaction streams and decision-making processes. This segment also includes our business-to-consumer B2C scoring solutions, including our myFICO.com subscription offerings. 
 Software. This segment includes pre-configured analytic and decision management solutions designed for a specific type of business need or process such as account origination, customer management, customer engagement, fraud detection, and marketing as well as associated professional services. This segment also includes FICO Platform, a modular software offering designed to support advanced analytic and decision use cases, as well as stand-alone analytic and decisioning software that can be configured by our customers to address a wide variety of business use cases. These offerings are available to our customers as SaaS or as on-premises software. 
 Our chief operating decision maker CODM ), who is our Chief Executive Officer, evaluates segment financial performance based on segment revenues and segment operating income. Segment operating expenses consist of direct and indirect costs principally related to personnel, facilities, IT infrastructure, consulting, travel and depreciation. Indirect costs are allocated to the segments generally based on relative segment revenues, fixed rates established by management based upon estimated expense contribution levels and other assumptions that management considers reasonable. We do not allocate broad-based incentive expense, share-based compensation expense, restructuring and acquisition-related expense, amortization expense, various corporate charges and certain other income and expense measures to our segments. These income and expense items are not allocated because they are not considered in evaluating the segment s operating performance. Our CODM does not evaluate the financial performance of each segment based on its respective assets or capital expenditures; rather, depreciation and amortization amounts are allocated to the segments from their internal cost centers as described above. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 Professional services Scores Total segment revenues Segment operating expense ) ) ) ) Segment operating income ) Unallocated share-based compensation expense ) Unallocated amortization expense ) Operating income Unallocated interest expense, net ) Unallocated other income, net Income before income taxes Depreciation and amortization 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2023 Scores Software Unallocated Corporate Expenses Total (In thousands) Segment revenues: On-premises and SaaS software Professional services Scores Total segment revenues Segment operating expense ) ) ) ) Segment operating income ) Unallocated share-based compensation expense ) Unallocated amortization expense ) Unallocated gain on product line asset sale Operating income Unallocated interest expense, net ) Unallocated other income, net Income before income taxes Depreciation and amortization 

81 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 Professional services Scores Total segment revenues Segment operating expense ) ) ) ) Segment operating income ) Unallocated share-based compensation expense ) Unallocated amortization expense ) Operating income Unallocated interest expense, net ) Unallocated other expense, net ) Income before income taxes Depreciation and amortization 
 at September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 15. 
 months, the related lease assets and liabilities are recognized on our consolidated balance sheets as operating leases or finance leases at the commencement of an agreement where it is determined that a lease exists. We have lease agreements that contain both lease and non-lease components, and we have elected to combine these components together and account for them as a single lease component for all classes of assets. Leases with a lease term of months or less are not recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. Furthermore, we recognize lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 Finance leases ) Property and equipment, net Total lease assets Liabilities Current: Operating leases Other accrued liabilities Finance leases Other accrued liabilities Non-current: Operating leases Operating lease liabilities Finance leases Other liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 
 ) Finance leases were recorded net of accumulated depreciation of million at September 30, 2024. 
 Finance lease cost: Depreciation of lease assets Interest on lease liabilities Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) Total lease cost 
 The following table presents weighted-average remaining lease terms and weighted-average discount rates related to our operating and finance leases: 
 September 30, 2024 2023 Operating leases: Weighted-average remaining lease term (in months) Weighted-average discount rate Finance leases: Weighted-average remaining lease term (in months) Weighted-average discount rate 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 Operating cash outflow for finance leases Financing cash outflow for finance leases Lease assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities: Operating leases Finance leases 
 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Fiscal 2029 Thereafter Total future undiscounted lease payments Less imputed interest ) ) Total reported lease liabilities 
 The amounts above do not include contractual sublease income totaling million, million, and million during fiscal 2025, 2026, and 2027, respectively. 
 
 16. 
 2026 2027 Total 
 We are also a party to a management agreement with of our executives providing for certain payments and other benefits in the event of a qualified change in control of FICO, coupled with a termination of the officer during the following year. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Years Ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 

 17. 
 a material exposure, either individually or in the aggregate. 
 
 18. 
 days following delivery of our products. We have not incurred significant obligations under customer indemnification or warranty provisions historically and do not expect to incur significant obligations in the future. Accordingly, we do not maintain accruals for potential customer indemnification or warranty-related obligations. The indemnification agreements that we have executed with certain of our officers and directors would require us to indemnify such officers and directors in certain instances. We have not incurred obligations under these indemnification agreements historically and do not expect to incur significant obligations in the future. Accordingly, we do not maintain accruals for potential officer or director indemnification obligations. The maximum potential amount of future payments that we could be required to make under the indemnification provisions in our customer license and service agreements, and officer and director agreements is unlimited. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of FICO s management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of FICO s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that FICO s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by FICO in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. In addition, the disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, allowing timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 No change in FICO s internal control over financial reporting was identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, FICO s internal control over financial reporting. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our CEO and CFO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024 based on the guidelines established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has also audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, as stated in their attestation report included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) , modified or any contract, instruction, or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Exchange Act or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K). 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The required information regarding our Directors is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Our Director Nominees in our 2025 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2024. 
 Our executive officers as of September 30, 2024 were as follows: 
 Name Positions Held Age William J. Lansing January 2012 - present, Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors of the Company. February 2009-November 2010, Chief Executive Officer and President, Infospace, Inc. 2004-2007, Chief Executive Officer and President, ValueVision Media, Inc. 2001-2003, General Partner, General Atlantic LLC. 2000-2001, Chief Executive Officer, NBC Internet, Inc. 1998-2000, President/Chief Executive Officer, Fingerhut Companies, Inc. 1996-1998, Vice President, Corporate Business Development, General Electric Company. 1996, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Prodigy, Inc. 1986-1995, various positions, McKinsey Company, Inc. 66 Steven P. Weber May 2023 present, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Company. January 2023 May 2023, Vice President, Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company. March 2021 January 2023, Vice President, Treasurer, Tax and Investor Relations of the Company. November 2010 March 2021, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer of the Company. April 2003 November 2010, various positions with the Company. September 2001 April 2003, Senior Financial Analyst, Metris Companies. 1990 2001, various positions, Foodservice News. 61 Nikhil Behl July 2024 present, Executive Vice President, Software of the Company. August 2023 July 2024, Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer of the Company. April 2014 August 2023, Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer of the Company. October 2013 April 2014, Consultant to the Company. February 2012 October 2013, Chief Executive Officer of Supplizer. August 2011 January 2012, Chief Executive Officer of Zoostores.com. July 2010 August 2011, Chief Executive Officer Mercantila Business Unit of Infospace. 2007 2010, Chief Merchandising Officer of Mercantila. 1995 June 2007, various positions, including VP Sales Operations and VP Sales Customer Service, Home Home Office Store of Hewlett Packard. 50 Thomas A. Bowers August 2020-present, Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy of the Company. September 2019-August 2020, Vice President, Business Consulting of the Company. April 2018-September 2019, Founder and Managing Partner, M Cubed Development, LLC. August 2012-March 2018, Executive Vice President, American Savings Bank. 1987-2012, Senior partner and various positions, McKinsey Company, Inc. 69 Richard S. Deal November 2015 - present, Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company. August 2007-November 2015, Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company. January 2001-August 2007, Vice President, Human Resources of the Company. 1998-2001, Vice President, Human Resources, Arcadia Financial, Ltd. 1993-1998, managed broad range of human resources corporate and line consulting functions with U.S. Bancorp. 57 Michael S. Leonard November 2011 - present, Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer of the Company. November 2007-November 2011, Senior Director, Finance of the Company. July 2000-November 2007, Director, Finance of the Company. 1998-2000, Controller of Natural Alternatives International, Inc. 1994-1998, various audit staff positions at KPMG LLP. 59 Mark R. Scadina February 2009 - present, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company. June 2007-February 2009, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company. 2003-2007, various senior positions including Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Liberate Technologies, Inc. 1999-2003, various leadership positions including Vice President and General Counsel, Intertrust Technologies Corporation. 1994-1999, Associate, Pennie and Edmonds LLP. 55 James M. Wehmann April 2012 - present, Executive Vice President, Scores of the Company. November 2003-March 2012, Vice President/Senior Vice President, Global Marketing, Digital River, Inc. March 2002-June 2003, Vice President, Marketing, Brylane, Inc. September 2000-March 2002, Senior Vice President, Marketing, New Customer Acquisition, Bank One. 1993-2000, various roles, including Senior Vice President, Marketing, Fingerhut Companies, Inc. 59 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as applicable, and regarding material changes, if any, to the procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to the Company s Board of Directors is incorporated by reference from the information in our 2025 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2024. 
 FICO has adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Management that applies to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and other employees performing similar functions who have been identified by the Chief Executive Officer. We have posted the Code of Ethics on our website located at www.fico.com. FICO intends to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or a waiver from, this Code of Ethics by posting such information on its website. FICO also has a Code of Conduct and Business Ethics applicable to all directors, officers and employees, which is also available at the website cited above. 
 The required information regarding the Company s audit committee is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Board Committees in our 2025 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2024. 
 The required information regarding the Company s insider trading policies is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption in our 2025 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions Director Compensation for Fiscal 2024 and Executive Compensation in our 2025 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Executive Compensation Plan Information in our 2025 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Persons Transactions in our 2025 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our 2025 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2024. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Reference Page Form 10-K Report of independent registered public accounting firm (PCAOB ID: 
 51 
 Consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 54 
 Consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 55 
 Consolidated statements of stockholders deficit for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 56 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
 57 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 58 

2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted as the required information is not applicable or as the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and related notes. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 3. Exhibits: 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 3.1 Bylaws of Fair Isaac Corporation. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2009.) 
 3.2 Composite Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Fair Isaac Corporation. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2009.) 
 4.1 Description of Securities of Registrant Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019.) 
 10.1 Indenture, dated as of May 8, 2018, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, which includes the form of 5.25 Senior Notes due 2026. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2018.) 
 10.2 Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2019, by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, which includes the form of 4.00 Senior Notes due 2028. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2019.) 
 10.3 Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 17, 2021 by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, which includes the form of 4.00 Senior Notes due 2028. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed December 17, 2021). 
 10.4 Fair Isaac Supplemental Retirement and Savings Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2008.) (1) 
 10.5 Form of Indemnity Agreement entered into by the Company with the Company s directors. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2002.) (1) 
 10.6 Form of Management Agreement entered into with each of the Company s executive officers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2012.) (1) 
 10.7 Form of Amendment to Management Agreement entered into with certain of the Company s executive officers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2014.) (1) 
 10.8 Form of Amendment to Management Agreement entered into with each of the Company s executive officers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016.) (1) 
 10.9 Offer Letter entered into on May 29, 2007 with Mark R. Scadina. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2008.) (1) 
 10.10 Letter Agreement dated January 24, 2012 by and between the Company and William J. Lansing. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2012.) (1) 
 10.11 Letter Agreement dated February 6, 2012 by and between the Company and Mark Scadina. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2012.) (1) 
 10.12 Letter Agreement dated March 7, 2012 by and between the Company and James M. Wehmann. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2012.) (1) 
 10.13 Form of Amendment to Letter Agreement entered into with each of the Company s executive officers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016.) (1) 
 10.14 Fair Isaac Corporation 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended as of March 4, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on March 6, 2020.) (1) 
 10.15 Form of Employee Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (U.S.) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.) (1) 
 10.16 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (U.S.) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.) (1) 
 10.17 Form of Employee Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (International) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.) (1) 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 10.18 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (International) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.) (1) 
 10.19 Form of Employee Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.20 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.21 Form of Executive Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.22 Form of Executive Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (U.S.), as amended November 6, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018.) (1) 
 10.23 Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.24 Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (U.S.), as amended November 8, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018.) (1) 
 10.25 Form of Employee Non Statutory Stock Option Agreement (International) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.26 Form of Employee Non Statutory Stock Option Agreement (United Kingdom) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.27 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (International) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.28 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (United Kingdom) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.29 Form of Director Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.) (1) 
 10.30 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference by Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012.) (1) 
 10.31 Form of Director Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017.) (1) 
 10.32 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017.) (1) 
 10.33 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (fiscal 2017 grants) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.34 Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement (fiscal 2018) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2017.) (1) 
 10.35 Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018.) (1) 
 10.36 Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2019.) (1) 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 10.37 Form of Market Share Unit Award Agreement (fiscal 2016 grants) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2015.) (1) 
 10.38 Form of Market Share Unit Agreement (fiscal 2017 grants) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2016.) (1) 
 10.39 Form of Market Share Unit Agreement (fiscal 2018 grants) under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2017.) (1) 
 10.40 Form of Market Share Unit Agreement under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018.) (1) 
 10.41 Fair Isaac Corporation 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed March 4, 2019.) (1) 
 10.42 Letter Agreement dated August 26, 2020 by and between the Company and Stephanie Covert . (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020.) (1) 
 10.43 Letter Agreement dated August 26, 2020 by and between the Company and Thomas A. Bowers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020.) (1) 
 10.44 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among the Company, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as sole lead arranger and bookrunner, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent dated as of August 19, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 19, 2021). 
 10.45 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among the Company, the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, dated as of October 20, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2021). 
 10.46 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among the Company, the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, dated as of November 3, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2022). 
 10.47 Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement among the Company, the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, dated as of June 13, 2024 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2024). 
 10.48 Fair Isaac Corporation 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on March 3, 2021) (1). 
 10.49 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021) (1). 
 10.50 Form of Director Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021) (1). 
 10.51 Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (U.S.) under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021) (1). 
 10.52 Form of Executive Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (U.S.) under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021) (1). 
 10.53 Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021) (1) 
 10.54 Form of Market Share Unit Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021) (1). 
 10.55 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and its executive officers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023) (1). 
 10.56 Letter Agreement, effective May 15, 2023, by and between the Company and Steven P. Weber (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 15, 2023) (1). 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 10.57 Market Share Unit Agreement, dated June 5, 2023, by and between the Company and William J. Lansing (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2023) (1). 
 10.58 Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement, dated June 5, 2023, by and between the Company and William J. Lansing (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2023) (1). 
 10.59 Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (U.S.) under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (for Executive Vice Presidents and above) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023) (1). 
 10.60 Form of Executive Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement (U.S.) under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (for Executive Vice Presidents and above) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023) (1). 
 10.61 Form of Executive Performance Share Unit Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (for Executive Vice Presidents and above) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023) (1). 
 10.62 Form of Executive Market Share Unit Agreement under the 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (for Executive Vice Presidents and above) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023) (1). 
 10.63 Letter Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2023, by and between the Company and Nikhil Behl (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023) (1). 
 10.64 Letter Agreement, dated November 2, 2023, between Stephanie Covert and the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2023) (1). 
 19.1 Fair Isaac Corporation Statement of Company Policy as to Trades in the Company s Securities By Company Personnel and Confidential Information 
 21.1 List of Company s subsidiaries. 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications of CEO. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications of CFO. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of CEO. 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of CFO. 
 97.1 Compensation Recovery Policy (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97.1 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023). 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 (1) Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Filed herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION By /s/ STEVEN P. WEBER Steven P. Weber Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 DATE: November 6, 2024 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Steven P. Weber his or her attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ WILLIAM J. LANSING Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director November 6, 2024 William J. Lansing /s/ STEVEN P. WEBER Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) November 6, 2024 Steven P. Weber /s/ MICHAEL S. LEONARD Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) November 6, 2024 Michael S. Leonard /s/ FABIOLA R. ARREDONDO Director November 6, 2024 Fabiola R. Arredondo /s/ BRADEN R. KELLY Director November 6, 2024 Braden R. Kelly /s/ JAMES D. KIRSNER Director November 6, 2024 James D. Kirsner /s/ EVA MANOLIS Director November 6, 2024 Eva Manolis /s/ MARC F. MCMORRIS Director November 6, 2024 Marc F. McMorris /s/ JOANNA REES Director November 6, 2024 Joanna Rees /s/ DAVID A. REY Director November 6, 2024 David A. Rey /s/ H. TAYLOE STANSBURY Director November 6, 2024 H. Tayloe Stansbury 

95 

<EX-19.1>
 2
 ex-19110xk2024xinsidertrad.htm
 EX-19.1 FY2024 10-K INSIDER TRADING

Document 
 EXHIBIT 19.1 

FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION 
 Statement of Company Policy as to 
 
 Trades in the Company s Securities By Company Personnel and 
 Confidential Information 
 1. Purpose. 
 Both the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and Congress are very concerned about maintaining the fairness of the U.S. securities markets. The securities laws are continually reviewed and amended to prevent people from taking unfair advantage and to increase the punishment for those who do. These laws require publicly-traded companies to have clear policies on insider trading. If companies like ours do not take active steps to adopt preventive policies and procedures covering securities trades by company personnel, the consequences could be severe. 
 In addition, we are adopting this Statement of Company Policy to avoid even the appearance of improper conduct on the part of anyone employed by or associated with Fair Isaac Corporation and companies owned by Fair Isaac Corporation (all of which are referred to collectively for convenience as the Company ), not just so-called insiders. We have all worked hard to establish our reputation for integrity and ethical conduct. We cannot afford to have it damaged. 
 This Statement of Company Policy applies equally to employees of the Company. References to employees in this Statement of Company Policy should be read to include directors of the Company. 
 2. The Consequences. 
 The consequences of insider trading violations can be substantial 
 For individuals who trade on inside information (or tip information to others) 
 A jail term of up to 20 years 
 A civil penalty of up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided and 
 A criminal fine (no matter how small the profit) of up to 5 million. 
 For a company (as well as possibly any supervisory person) that fails to take appropriate steps to prevent illegal trading 

A civil penalty of the greater of 1 million or three times the profit gained or loss avoided as a result of the employee s violation and 
 A criminal penalty of up to 25 million. 
 Further, if an employee violates the Company s insider trading policy, Company imposed sanctions, including dismissal for cause, could result from failing to comply with the Company s policy or procedures. Needless to say, any of the above consequences, even an SEC investigation that does not result in prosecution, can tarnish one s reputation and irreparably damage a career. 
 3. Our Policy. 
 No trading while in possession of material non-public information . If any employee has material non-public information (often referred to as insider information relating to the Company, it is our policy that neither that person nor any related person may buy or sell securities of the Company or engage in any other action to take advantage of, or pass on to others, that information. 
 This policy also applies to transactions by an employee in the securities of any other company, including, but not limited to, our customers, partners or suppliers, while such employee is in the possession of material non-public information about the other company obtained in the course of employment at the Company. 
 Transactions that may be necessary or justifiable for independent reasons (such as the need to raise money for an emergency expenditure) are no exception. Even the appearance of an improper transaction must be avoided to preserve our reputation for adhering to the highest standards of conduct. 
 What is Material Information Material information is any information that a reasonable investor would consider important in deciding whether to buy, hold or sell securities of the Company. In short, material information includes any information that reasonably could affect the price of the stock. Either positive or negative information may be material. It can be information about the Company or about a company with which we do business. 
 Examples Common examples of information that will frequently be regarded as material are 
 projections of future earnings or losses 
 news of a possible merger, acquisition or tender offer 
 news of a significant sale of assets 
 significant new products or delays in new product introduction or development 
 discoveries, or grants or allowances or disallowances of patents 
 changes in dividend policies or the declaration of a stock split or the offering of additional securities 
 changes in management 

plans to raise additional capital through stock sales or otherwise 
 the gain or loss of a significant product sale, customer or collaborator 
 results of product trials 
 pending or threatened litigation or the resolution thereof 
 significant regulatory actions concerning new or proposed products 
 impending bankruptcy or financial liquidity problems and 
 the gain or loss of a substantial customer or supplier. 
 
 What is trading In addition to conventional purchases and sales of common stock, trading includes transactions in puts, calls, options, warrants, convertible securities and other derivatives based on the price of Company common stock. Trading covered by this policy may or may not include transactions under Company-sponsored plans as follows 
 
 Stock Option Exercises. The policy s trading restrictions do not apply to the purchase of Company stock through the exercise of stock options granted by the Company. The trading restrictions do apply to any contemporaneous (such as a sale through a broker as part of a cashless exercise of the option) or subsequent sale of Company stock acquired through an option exercise. 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit and Performance Market Stock Unit Awards . The policy s trading restrictions do not apply to the vesting of restricted stock units or performance market stock units, or to the exercise of a tax withholding right pursuant to which the person elects to have the Company withhold shares of stock to satisfy tax withholding requirements upon vesting. The trading restrictions do apply to any market sales of shares, such as a sale-to-cover. 
 
 Certain Gifts. The policy s trading restrictions do not apply to a bona fide gift of Company stock so long as either (i) the recipient of the gift is subject to the same trading restrictions under this policy as are applicable to you, or (ii) you otherwise have no reason to believe that the recipient intends to sell the securities immediately or during a period when you would not be permitted to trade pursuant to the terms of this policy. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Purchases . The policy s trading restrictions do not apply to the purchase of Company stock through the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (but the policy s trading restrictions do apply to any election to participate in such plan, any election to change the level of participation in such plan (other than a notice of withdrawal from the plan) or the sale of any shares acquired under such plan). 
 Twenty-Twenty Hindsight . Remember, if your securities transactions become the subject of scrutiny, they will be viewed after-the-fact with the benefit of hindsight. As a result, before engaging in any transaction you should carefully consider how regulators and others might view your transaction in hindsight. 

Transactions by Others . The same restrictions apply to your family members, others living in your household, and entities that you influence or control. Employees are responsible for the compliance of such persons and entities. 
 Do Not Pass Information to Others . Whether the information is proprietary information about the Company or information that could have an impact on its stock price, employees must not pass the information on to others. It is illegal to advise others to trade on the basis of material non-public information. Liability in these cases can extend to both the tippee the person to whom the insider disclosed inside information and you, as the tipper, and will apply whether or not you derive any benefit from another s actions. These restrictions also apply to non-public information concerning any other company if such information was obtained in the course of employment, including information about our customers, partners or suppliers. 
 When Information is Public . As you can appreciate, it is also improper for any employee to enter a trade immediately after the Company has made a public announcement of material information, including earnings releases. We impose certain trading blackouts to ensure that the Company s stockholders and the investing public will be afforded the time to receive the information and act upon it. These are discussed below under Trading Blackouts. 
 Procedures for Trading . To provide assistance in preventing inadvertent violations and avoiding even the appearance of an improper transaction (which could result, for example, where an employee engages in a trade while unaware of a pending major development) the following procedures must be followed before trading. 
 Members of the Board of Directors and Senior Officers Preclearance Employees 
 Persons in this category must 
 Notify the Trading Compliance Officer, or in his her absence, the Backup Trading Compliance Officer (either one the Compliance Officer and Stock Administration in an email of the amount and nature of the proposed trade. The Compliance Officer, Backup Compliance Officer and Stock Administration personnel are identified on Attachment A hereto, as may be amended from time to time 
 Certify to the Compliance Officer in email that (i) he or she is not in possession of material nonpublic information concerning the Company and (ii) the proposed trade(s) will be conducted in compliance with all applicable securities laws, including, if applicable, Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and 
 Have received confirmation from the Compliance Officer that the trade is approved. 
 You will be notified if you are one of the officers subject to this policy. 
 Employees in a Position to Have Access to Material Non-public Information Access Employees 

Persons in this category must 
 Certify to the Compliance Officer and Stock Administration by accepting the terms displayed in a pop-up window which appears when using the stock trading tool in the E TRADE Stock Plan account. The individual must certify that (i) he or she is not in possession of material non-public information concerning the Company and (ii) the proposed trade(s) will be conducted in compliance with all applicable securities laws, including, if applicable, Section 16 of the Exchange Act and Rule 144 of the Securities Act. 
 You will be notified if you are one of the Access Employees subject to this policy. 
 All Employees 
 The above procedures do not relieve anyone of their responsibility under SEC rules. All employees, whether subject to these procedural requirements or not, are responsible for adherence to this Statement of Company Policy, including, but not limited to not trading on insider information not trading during trading blackout periods and not trading in securities on a short-term basis. All employees must follow the procedures applicable to Senior Officers for the sale of stock purchased in the open market and owned less than six months. If any employee is in doubt of whether or not the above procedures apply to him or her, the employee should inquire with the Compliance Officer. 
 Trading Blackouts . From time to time, the Company may require that members of the Board of Directors, Senior Officers, selected employees and others suspend trading because of developments known to the Company and not yet disclosed to the public. In that event, these persons are advised not to engage in any transaction involving the purchase or sale of the Company's securities during that period and should not disclose to others the fact that they have been suspended from trading. The Company will also require the following mandatory trading blackouts 
 Earnings Trading Blackouts All members of the Board of Directors, Senior Officers, Access Employees and certain employees in a position to have access to material non-public information will be subject to a stock trading blackout period beginning on the twentieth day of the last month of a fiscal quarter until two trading days after earnings for that quarter are released. You will be notified if you are one of the specified employees subject to this policy. 
 Trading After Earnings Announcements In addition to those employees subject to earnings trading blackout periods, all employees are restricted from engaging in transactions from the day an earnings announcement is made until the third trading day after quarterly earnings are released. Thus, if an earnings announcement is made after the stock market closes on a Monday, Thursday would be the first day on which you should trade. If an earnings announcement is made before the stock market opens on a Monday, Wednesday would be the first day on which you should trade. 

Of course, no trading should be done at any time that a member of the Board of Directors, officer or employee is actually aware of a major undisclosed corporate development. 
 Pre-Planned Trading Plans . Members of the Board of Directors and Senior Officers (subject to pre-approval of trades under this policy) and employees who are subject to preclearance of trades may establish a pre-planned trading plan designed to enable those persons to take advantage of the defense to an allegation of insider trading offered by Rule 10b5-1 of the SEC. Any such plan must meet the following requirements, as well as other requirements of Rule 10b5-1 
 it has been approved in advance by our General Counsel and must be in writing, with a copy of the approved plan filed with our General Counsel 
 
 it provides that no trades may occur thereunder until expiration of the applicable cooling-off period specified in Rule 10b5-1(c)(ii)(B) under the Exchange Act, and no trades occur until after that time the appropriate cooling-off period will vary based on the status of the employee 
 o for directors and executive officers, the cooling-off period ends on the later of (i) 90 days after adoption or certain modifications of the 10b5-1 plan or (ii) two business days following disclosure of the Company s financial results in a Form 10-Q or Form 10-K for the quarter in which the 10b5-1 plan was adopted or modified (but in no event more than 120 days after adoption or modification) 
 o all other employees, the cooling-off period ends 30 days after adoption or modification of the 10b5-1 plan 
 
 it is entered into in good faith by the employee, and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b5-1, at a time when the employee is not in possession of material nonpublic information about the Company and, if the employee is a director or officer, the 10b5-1 plan must include representations by the individual certifying to such matters 
 
 it (i) specifies the amount of securities to be purchased or sold and the price at which and the date on which the securities are to be purchased or sold (ii) includes a written formula or algorithm, or computer program, for determining the amount of securities to be purchased or sold and the price at which and the date on which the securities are to be purchased or sold or (iii) does not permit the person to exercise any subsequent influence over how, when, or whether to effect purchases or sales provided, in addition, that any other person who, pursuant to the contract, instruction, or plan, did exercise such influence must not have been aware of the material nonpublic information when doing so 
 
 it is the only outstanding approved 10b5-1 Plan entered into by the employee (subject to the exceptions set out in Rule 10b5-1(c)(ii)(D) of the Exchange Act) and 

it is not designed to effect the open-market purchase or sale of the total amount of securities in a single transaction within a 12-month period of another single-transaction plan (subject to the exceptions set out in Rule 10b5-1(c)(ii)(E) of the Exchange Act). 
 
 We will be under no obligation to approve such a plan and will only do so if we believe the plan will meet the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 and will not be adverse to our overall corporate objectives. 
 4. Additional Prohibited Transactions. 
 We believe it is improper and inappropriate for any Company personnel to engage in short-term or speculative transactions involving Company stock. We believe that this trading can reflect badly on the Company and that Company personnel should not engage in any types of transactions that are commonly viewed as a form of betting for or against the Company. Accordingly, it is the Company s policy that members of the Board of Directors, officers and employees should not engage in any of the following activities with respect to securities of the Company 
 Trading in securities on a short-term basis As a general rule, any Company stock purchased in the open market (i.e., not including stock purchased upon exercise of an employee stock option or under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan) should be held for a minimum of six months and ideally longer. Senior Officers who are also Section 16 officers and members of the Board of Directors of the Company are already subject to the SEC s short-swing profit rule, which penalizes sales and purchases inside of any six-month period. Any employee who wishes to sell Company stock that was purchased in the open market and that has been owned less than six months must obtain prior written clearance from our General Counsel. 
 Purchases of Company stock on margin This means borrowing from a brokerage firm, bank or other entity in order to buy Company stock (other than in connection with a so-called cashless exercise of options under the Company s stock plans). 
 Short sales of Company stock This involves selling Company stock that you do not own in the expectation that the price of the stock will fall, or as part of an arbitrage transaction. 
 Hedging ownership of Company stock This includes buying or selling puts or calls on Company stock, options trading on any of the stock exchanges or futures exchanges relating to Company stock, entering into equity swaps, prepaid variable forward contracts, collars or exchange funds involving Company stock and other transactions that are designed to hedge or offset decreases in the price of Company stock. 

In addition, employees are expected to comply with any other state or federal securities law requirements that may apply to them, for example restrictions of the sale of securities subject to Rule 144 under the Securities Act. 
 5. Confidential Information and Communications with the Media. 
 Unauthorized disclosure of internal information relating to the Company (including information regarding new products, the Company s suppliers or customers) could cause competitive harm to the Company and in some cases could result in liability for the Company. 
 Unauthorized disclosure . Company personnel should not disclose internal information about the Company to anyone outside the Company, except as required in the performance of regular duties for the Company. In this regard, Company employees are prohibited from posting internal information about the Company on a bulletin board on the Internet or communicating about the Company and its business in Internet-based chat rooms and are prohibited from facilitating the posting of internal information by others. 
 Communications with the media, securities analysts and investors . Communications on behalf of the Company with the media, securities analysts and investors must be made only by specifically designated representatives of the Company. Unless you have been expressly authorized to make such communications, if you receive any inquiry relating to the Company from the media, a securities analyst or an investor, you should refer the inquiry to the Investors Relations office or the General Counsel. 
 Safeguarding confidential information . Care must be taken to safeguard the confidentiality of internal information. For example, sensitive documents should not be left lying on desks, and visitors should not be left unattended in offices containing internal company documents. 
 Rumors . Rumors concerning the business and affairs of the Company may circulate from time to time. Our general policy is not to comment upon those rumors. Individual employees should also refrain from commenting upon or responding to rumors and should refer any requests for comments or responses to the Investors Relations office or the General Counsel. 
 6. Company Assistance. 
 Any person who has any questions about specific transactions may obtain additional guidance from our General Counsel. 
 Remember, however, the ultimate responsibility for adhering to the Statement of Company Policy and avoiding improper transactions rests with you. In this regard, it is imperative that you use your best judgment. 

7. Acknowledgements. 
 This policy will be delivered to all employees. All employees will be required to acknowledge their understanding of, and an intent to comply with, this Statement of Company Policy, in a manner and form approved by the General Counsel. 
 In addition, certain employees may be required to acknowledge their understanding of, and intent to comply with, this Statement of Company Policy on an annual basis. 

Attachment A 

The individuals listed below have the following responsibilities for purposes of the Fair Isaac Corporation Statement of Company Policy as to Trades in the Company s Securities By Company Personnel and Confidential Information 
 
 Compliance Officer 

Backup Compliance Officer 

Stock Administration 

Revised October 25, 2023 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex-21110xk2024xsubsidiarie.htm
 EX-21.1 FY2024 10-K

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 FAIR ISAAC CORPORATION LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 Name of Company 
 Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation Organization 
 Data Research Technologies, Inc. 
 Minnesota 
 Entiera, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 eZmCom, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Fair Isaac (ASPAC) Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Fair Isaac (Australia) Pty Ltd 
 Australia 
 Fair Isaac (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Fair Isaac (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 
 Thailand 
 Fair Isaac Asia Holdings, Inc. 
 Minnesota 
 Fair Isaac Asia Pacific Corp. 
 Delaware 
 Fair Isaac Brazil, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Fair Isaac Canada, Ltd. 
 Canada 
 Fair Isaac Chile Software and Services Ltda. 
 Chile 
 Fair Isaac Credit Services, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Fair Isaac Deutschland GmbH 
 Germany 
 Fair Isaac do Brasil Ltda. 
 Brazil 
 Fair Isaac Espa a SL 
 Spain 
 Fair Isaac Europe Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Fair Isaac Holdings, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Fair Isaac Hong Kong Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 Fair Isaac India Software Private Limited 
 India 
 Fair Isaac Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. 
 People s Republic of China 
 Fair Isaac International Corporation 
 California 
 Fair Isaac Italy S.r.l. 
 Italy 
 Fair Isaac Japan G.K. 
 Japan 
 Fair Isaac Lithuania, UAB 
 Lithuania 
 Fair Isaac Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. 
 Malaysia 
 Fair Isaac Mexico S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Fair Isaac Network, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Fair Isaac Nordics AB 
 Sweden 
 Fair Isaac Services Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Fair Isaac Software Holdings Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Fair Isaac South Africa (Pty) Ltd 
 South Africa 
 Fair Isaac Turkey Software and Consultancy Services Limited Sirketi 
 Turkey 
 Fair Isaac UK Group Limited 
 England and Wales 
 Fair Isaac UK Holdings, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Fair Isaac UK International Holdings Ltd. 
 England and Wales 
 Fair Isaac UK Investment Holdings LP 
 England and Wales 
 FICO Middle East FZ-LLC 
 United Arab Emirates 
 HNC Software LLC 
 Delaware 
 Infoglide Software Corporation 
 Delaware 
 myFICO Consumer Services Inc. 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex-23110xk2024deloittecons.htm
 EX-23.1 DT CONSENT FY2024 10-K

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos . 333-253828, 333-236948, 333-230061, 333-230059, 333-223492, 333-216171, 333-209761, 333-194231, 333-114364, 333-133268, 333-179417, 333-123751, 333-123750, 333-114365, 333-66348, 333-32398, 333-95889, 333-83905, 333-65179, 333-02121 and 333-102848 on Form S-8 of our reports dated November 6, 2024, relating to the financial statements of Fair Isaac Corporation and the effectiveness of Fair Isaac Corporation s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP San Diego, CA November 6, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex-31110xk2024.htm
 EX-31.1 FY2024 10-K

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, William J. Lansing, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Fair Isaac Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 
 s WILLIAM J. LANSING William J. Lansing Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex-31210xk2024.htm
 EX-31.2 FY2024 10-K

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Steven P. Weber, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Fair Isaac Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 
 s STEVEN P. WEBER Steven P. Weber Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex-32110xk2024.htm
 EX-32.1 FY2024 10-K

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned certifies that this periodic report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Fair Isaac Corporation. 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 
 s WILLIAM J. LANSING William J. Lansing Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex-32210xk2024.htm
 EX-32.2 FY2024 10-K

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned certifies that this periodic report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Fair Isaac Corporation. 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 
 s STEVEN P. WEBER Steven P. Weber Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 fico-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 fico-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 fico-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 fico-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 fico-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

