<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241230_10-K_edgar_data_1837774_0001731122-24-002061.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3629802</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>182036</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1315641</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>752525</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>592324</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>717699</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-24-002061.hdr.sgml : 20241230
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241230154135
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-24-002061
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241230
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241230

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Global Innovative Platforms Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001837774
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				853816149
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56235
		FILM NUMBER:		241589524

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		149 JAMES PLACE
		CITY:			MAITLAND
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32751
		BUSINESS PHONE:		321-230-3739

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		149 JAMES PLACE
		CITY:			MAITLAND
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32751

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Canning Street Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201223

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-24-002061.txt : 20241230

10-K
 1
 e6234_10-k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO ECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from to 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

(ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES) 
 
 (ZIP CODE) 

(Former name, former address
and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

N/A 

 . 

(Registrant s Telephone number) 

 Securities to be registered under Section 12(b) of
the Act: None 

Securities to be registered under Section 12(g) of
the Exchange Act: Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes 

As of September 30, 2024,
the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed fiscal year, the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates
was which is based on the average bid and ask price of such common equity, as of the last practical business day of the
registrant s first fiscal quarter of year ending September 30, 2024 of .10 per share. 

As of December 9, 2024, there
were shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Subject to Section 21 E,
of the Exchange Act, this Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are based on our current goals,
plans, expectations, assumptions, estimates and predictions regarding the Company. 

When used in this Annual
Report, the words plan, believes, continues, expects, anticipates, 
 estimates, intends, should, would, could, or may, 
and similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements. 

Such forward-looking statements
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, events or growths to be materially
different from any future results, events or growths expressed or implied in this Annual Report. 

In this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, Global Innovative Platforms, the Company, we, us, 
and our, refer to Global Innovative Platforms, Inc., unless the context otherwise requires. Unless otherwise
indicated, the term fiscal year refers to our fiscal year ending September 30 th . Unless otherwise indicated,
the term common stock refers to shares of the Company s common stock. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

GLOBAL
INNOVATIVE PLATFORMS, INC. 

PART I 

PAGE 
 
 ITEM 1 
 BUSINESS 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 13 
 
 ITEM 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 20 
 
 ITEM 1C 
 CYBERSECURITY 
 
 20 
 
 ITEM 2 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 21 
 
 ITEM 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 21 
 
 ITEM 4 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 21 

PART II 

21 
 
 ITEM 5 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 21 
 
 ITEM 6 
 RESERVED 
 
 23 
 
 ITEM 7 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 23 
 
 ITEM 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 35 
 
 ITEM 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 35 
 
 ITEM 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 35 
 
 ITEM 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 35 
 
 ITEM 9B 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 37 
 
 ITEM 9C 
 DICLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 37 

PART III 

37 
 
 ITEM 10 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 37 
 
 ITEM 11 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 41 
 
 ITEM 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 43 
 
 ITEM 13 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 44 
 
 ITEM 14 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 46 

PART IV 

46 
 
 ITEM 15 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 46 
 
 ITEM 16 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

SIGNATURES 
 
 48 

i 

PART I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

Global Innovative Platforms Inc. f/k/a Canning Street Corporation, a Delaware
corporation, Global Innovative Platforms , Canning Street, the
 Company , we, us or our is engaged in the business of testing breath to detect
and assist in the treatment of disease. 

Our Current Business 

Global Innovative Platforms is focused on advancing animal health through breath
analysis and air quality technology. We develop non-invasive diagnostic tools for detecting diseases, assessing treatment effectiveness,
and monitoring potentially toxic environmental and food conditions. Our proprietary technologies, VOCAM Plus and the FROG, 
utilize advanced gas chromatography and A.I. software to provide rapid and accurate breath and air analysis. The Company's mission is
to revolutionize early detection of a wide array of animal related abnormalities. Applications range from disease and treatment effectiveness
to potentially toxic environmental and food conditions. Early detection can save lives, money, and resources. 

Overview 

Advancements in technology have opened up numerous
opportunities in the area of detecting and analyzing gasses for health related information. Various tests and devices have been developed
over the years that monitor air quality and assist in the diagnosis and treatment of disease. Many diseases and conditions leave indications
of their presence in the form of Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) that occur in various patterns we call breath prints. Equipment has
evolved to capture these prints and new Machine Learning technologies (Artificial Intelligence) are able to detect such patterns using
sampling. The mere existence of the VOC is of some value, but other factors such as timing, combinations with other VOCs and quantities
of VOCs are also of importance. We are a medical technology company focused on applying these advancements in animals and agriculture.
We have identified several opportunities. We are prioritizing the development of a breath test to detect heartworm in dogs. We believe
the same test can also be utilized to identify response to therapy. Additionally, we will be researching the ability to identify potentially
toxic environmental conditions for a multitude of animals. We believe the technology can also be used to identify toxic food conditions. 

The current leading heartworm test, antigen detection
with a blood sample, requires the heartworm itself to be approximately six months old in order to be detected. Breath analytics involves
the collection, processing, and analysis of breath samples to identify biomarker patterns associated with heartworm and ultimately a full
panel of diseases in dogs (including other agricultural applications as well). One potential major benefit is that the test can detect
heartworm at earlier stages of its life rather than full maturity, thus the 6-month requirement is substantially lessened, blood collection
is no longer required, the population of non-detected cases may be decreased, and the suffering of animals may be reduced. Currently,
it is estimated that 50-60 of dogs in the U.S. are on heartworm preventives (AHS) 

 Our Vision : A new paradigm for early detection
of diseases that saves and improves quality of life. 

Our Mission : To revolutionize early detection of a wide array of
animal related abnormalities ranging from disease to potentially toxic environmental and food conditions. 

Our Focus : Our initial priority will be to
develop a breath test to detect early-stage and mature heartworm infections in dogs. 

We believe breath analytics is an accessible, non-invasive,
and convenient method for detecting disease. The device we use for breath testing is called a VOCAM plus (Volatile Organic Chemical Air
Monitor) device. Our VOCAM technology consists of two components; one which we are developing to collect the samples, and
a second component to process, and analyze breath samples effectively and efficiently that indicate multiple volatile organic compounds
(VOC) on a single reading to measure a variety of potential threats, including our initial focus on the heartworm market. 

1 

We believe analysis of feed, water, soil, and air
samples are other methods of detecting animal abnormalities. The device utilized for these types of samples is called the FROG. The FROG
utilizes similar technology as the VOCAM Plus, however it also includes a collection wand, to collect samples, eliminating the need for
an external water, soil, feed, or air collection device. 

2 

We have licensed the VOCAM plus and FROG device for
use in all animal and agricultural applications. Both devices are in production from supplier and can perform our testing in
a cost-effective manner. 

Regarding the breath test, we connect the breath sample
to be analyzed by our VOCAM Plus unit where the artificial intelligence software processes the results and displays them on a smart device.
The process takes about 10 minutes. We believe we will be able to isolate a breath print for heartworm that can be identified in all dogs
for use in a test that outperforms traditional blood-based testing in a cost-effective manner. Our strategy is not focused on commercializing
the components individually. Rather, the initial focus is on commercializing the combination of the two components, which is the Heartworm
Breath Test. The VOCAM Plus unit is sophisticated enough to read Parts Per Trillion in provided samples. 

The FROG unit operates with similar functionality
and is well suited for feed, water, soil, and air samples which would go directly through the included collection wand. We believe this
would be the proper tool to utilize for analysis of mold on feed for example. 

 Global
Innovative Platforms is in the development stage of our Heartworm Breath Test. Over the next several months we have verification and
validation studies planned for the components and the Heartworm Breath Test. We are currently initiating a proof-of-concept study. Highlights
to date of the proof-of-concept study are below: 

3 

4 

We have identified the VOCs we believe will successfully
indicate the presence of heartworms in dogs. We were able to identify with a small sample size to identify a breathprint for the presence
of heartworm in dogs without any false positives. We cannot guarantee that additional equipment may not be needed to achieve statistical
significance in our findings. 

We also believe our process will identify the presence
of mold on food and related mycotoxins in a basis that outperforms and is quicker than current industry standards on an economical basis. 

Data analysis will follow. We anticipate the completion
(note that revisions will potentially be made based on data we obtain from use over time) of the components, the Heartworm Breath Test,
and the verification and validation studies in 2025 that will be acceptable to begin commercialization. 

We have similar plans for mold on food and related
mycotoxins. 

The verification and validation studies for mold on
food and related mycotoxins may prove to be less expensive than those for the presence of heartworm in dogs while representing bigger
opportunities for our Company, however, it is premature to make an assessment at this time. For instance, we have not confirmed if our
tests detect antibodies or the actual condition itself, which may affect our ability to detect conditions at an earlier stage than current
standards. 

There is no guarantee that we will meet these development
milestones or achieve market acceptance. 

As the Heartworm Breath Test is based on novel technology,
enhanced with machine learning techniques, there is insufficient information to provide reasonable assurance of its safety and effectiveness.
We believe that the Heartworm Breath Test may be of substantial importance in preventing impairment of health through the diagnosis of
a life-threatening disease for dogs. However, there is a potential risk of injury should a heartworm go undetected based on an incorrect
result with the Heartworm Breath Test. 

We believe that the Heartworm Breath Test will bring
forth a novel and differentiated tool that will assist veterinarians in identifying infected dogs and monitoring dogs undergoing treatment
for infection. Breath testing could save time, costs, and lives through the early and/or non-invasive detection of infection. Our projected
timing to market with an upgrade and highly sensitive technology places us in a strong position relative to our competitors in the breath
analytics space. 

The market size for heartworm testing is significant.
Based on the data from the Companion Animal Parasite Council and Virginia Tech University, 
there are approximately 10 million dogs in the U.S. tested for heartworm annually at a cost of 30 to 50 per test, with most of these
dogs being pets. Approximately one percent of dogs tested are found positive. Despite availability of numerous products indicated to prevent
heartworm, the percentage of positive dogs has been consistently growing in recent years. Some dogs need to be tested multiple times per
year. 

We are a corporation existing
under the laws of Delaware. Our corporate office, located in Maitland, Florida, are responsible for establishing strategic partnerships
and expanding sales and marketing efforts in the U.S. market, with potential for expansion into other opportunities at a later date. 

Background on Heartworm 

Heartworm is prevalent in the southeastern U.S. and
globally and continues to expand its endemic range. Despite most U.S. cases being in the southeast, testing is done nationwide due
to the disease s dire consequences. Approximately 10 million dogs in the US alone are tested annually, and some are tested multiple
times. Approximately one hundred thousand dogs in the U.S. will be diagnosed with heartworm per year. The American Heartworm Society is
the leading industry group and we plan to collaborate closely with them through consultants that we have engaged. This number has been
consistently increasing in recent years. The global challenges with heartworm could significantly exceed those in the U.S. 

5 

It has not, however, been determined whether testing
based on biomarker profiles, including our Heartworm Breath Test, will accurately distinguish heartworm in a commercially viable manner
on a large scale. 

We believe the results of the Heartworm Breath Test
will revolutionize heartworm detection. Currently, all dogs are advised to undergo confirmatory testing if the initial Antigen testing
is positive. We do not plan to recommend this be changed; however, the data will be available for the American Heartworm Society to consider.
We hope the results of our breath test will allow for earlier, less invasive, more accurate, and efficient diagnosis to allow for appropriate
treatment of dogs. There is no guarantee that dogs tested with the Heartworm Breath Test will not receive an incorrect result, such
as a false negative, which could potentially lead to delayed clinical intervention. 

Our Solution 

We are developing the Breath Test focused on detecting
heartworm in dogs with the added benefits of earlier detection, non-invasive sampling process, and the ability to monitor response to
treatment for infected dogs. 

We are developing a proprietary end-to-end breath
and air analytics platform. The intended use of our platform is to enable breath testing for the detection of infection, monitor response
to therapy, and identify potentially toxic environmental and food conditions for many types of animals. We have identified four concepts
which we believe can yield highly successful products, but we are prioritizing heartworm testing in dogs because it has the simplest path
of adoption. We believe this platform will be able to detect heartworms via the analysis of breath beyond the current population of patents
for heartworm testing. Additionally, we believe it will have applications in food safety, address environmental concerns, as well as other
diseases and testing efficacy of treatment. When compared with other disease detection methods, breath analytics may have many advantages
including its non-invasive and accessible nature. Additionally, if our development efforts are successful, we believe that breath collection
could be facilitated by a non-skilled employee and with minimal instruction. We envision the test could be accessible to populations in
need today and in the future. The units are compact in size making both units extremely transportable. We utilize an off the shelf 
artificial intelligence software to analyze our data and are confident that it will be reliable for our purpose. 

The parameters we are sensitive to are competition,
regulation, technological advancement, and reaching the Mindspace of the customer. We believe we can be successful in all
areas and consider obtaining Mindspace to be the most sensitive to our overall success. Due to the nature of artificial
intelligence technology; the more data we can obtain, we believe additional potential findings of value can be made. 

Heartworm Breath Test 

The Heartworm Breath Test in development
consists of four components: 

Breath Collection Device to collect shallow breath samples; 

6 

Breath Sample Storage Container to store the breath sample and for transportation to a laboratory or animal healthcare facility; 

VOCAM Plus Gas Chromatograph to process breath samples; and 

Machine Learning Algorithm to analyze the unique, breath spectral data from the Gas Chromatograph 

Our Breath Capture Device is used to collect shallow
breath from dogs. It can be modified to fit different muzzle sizes and animals. If we replicate our approach successfully, it could be
customized for other agricultural applications. Breath samples collected with the Breath Capture Device are processed using our licensed
VOCAM Plus gas chromatograph (the Gas chromatograph ). The Gas chromatograph is a laboratory device used to process breath
samples received from multiple collection points. We do not currently plan to build an exclusive laboratory. We anticipate that we will
engage existing labs in New Mexico and Oklahoma that have the capacity to meet the demand of forecasted sample collection for ongoing
development and pre-commercialization activities. If the Breath Test receives appropriate industry credentials and gains wider market
acceptance; we plan to, directly or with partners, create a network of offices that function as commercial laboratories in the U.S. and
Canada to analyze collected breath samples. Units may be placed at animal healthcare facilities and charged on a per use basis through
cloud technology. Once multiple disease breath prints are available; the Veterinarian, or user, could use the information for additional
diagnostic information. 

Machine learning algorithms allow for periodic retraining
of the underlying machine learning model which, we believe, will lead to future releases of the Breath Test with improved performance
characteristics. Future releases of the machine learning algorithm may require additional clinical evaluation and regulatory submission
and approval with the respective regulatory agencies prior to commercialization. 

Our Heartworm Breath Test, including our Breath
Collection Kit, is currently under development. The VOCAM Plus is already in production and has been tested successfully. The A.I.
software is complete and commercially available. 

Key Features and Benefits: Our breath collection devices
are able to work with shallow breathing patterns that animals tend to have in veterinary settings. The system has been designed to be
quantitative in nature in order to identify conditions that progress in response to medications or other treatment, helping to reduce
cost through disease management. 

Breath testing is non-invasive. Our Breath Test is
non-invasive and is being developed so that the effort required to provide a breath sample is comparable to normal animal breathing with
minimal anxiety to the testing subject. 

Constantly Learning A.I. Software: Our breath analytics
and gas chromatography technology produce results that are stored electronically. They are able to be mined by researchers and accessed
by artificial intelligence technologies seeking new patterns to improve testing and scanning performance. Our artificial intelligence
software is cloud based and updates as data accumulates. 

Multi-Measuring Sensors: 

Non-essential Data: Users will be able to monitor
nonessential data from a connected software program. By providing at-a-glance insight, veterinarians and other users, potentially, may
also become able to recommend improvements in diet, care, and quality of life. 

Interoperability: We intend to allow our cloud-based
technology to integrate with other popular platforms. The VOCAM Plus and FROG have the ability to connect to a smart device. 

Cost-Saving Benefits: It is our goal for our products
to allow customers to not only conserve money with our breath analysis technology, but to also provide faster and more efficient results
than any product on the market. Our goal is to also potentially save on treatment through early detection of multiple diseases. 

7 

Competition 

We are not aware of any other significant company working on animal breath
and air analytics. 

Currently, the three most popular Heartworm tests on the market are available
through Idexx, Antech, and Zoetis. These animal health diagnostic companies provide antigen testing opportunities to the veterinary community
centered on collection and testing of a blood sample. The sample can be processed one of two ways; utilized on an in-clinic test for detection
of heartworm antigen or sent to the reference lab facility for the same or a similar test centered on detecting antigen in the blood sample.
There is not a test on the market that performs with 100 sensitivity and 100 specificity, leaving room for improvement in the test performance
arena. Furthermore, current tests rely on the age of the heartworms to be 6 months following the initial infection. This delay in being
able to reliably detect heartworm infection creates issues for the veterinarian, the pet owner, and the pet itself. Irreversible damage
occurs to the dog s vessels as soon as heartworms are present in the bloodstream, which occurs before antigen-based tests can detect
the infection. Additionally, the frustrations to the vet and the pet owner to have to wait a period of 6 months following adoption or
a lapse in compliant use of heartworm preventative to reliably know if the pet does or does not have heartworm begs for improvements as
well. 

Our Competitive Strengths 

We believe
the following strengths differentiate us from our competitors and are key drivers of our success: 

1. Earlier Detection of each abnormality. Currently Heartworm, for example, typically cannot be detected
in dogs with an infection present for less than six months. We anticipate being able to identify Heartworm presence at earlier stages
due to the nature of our test. Additionally, we anticipate identifying toxic environments and toxic food conditions at their earliest
onset, combined with automatic notifications to the user for problem alerts. 

2. The quantitative nature of the breath technology allows for the ability to monitor the response to prescribed
treatments. 

3. Non-invasive. Our processes utilize breath and air, not needles. 

4. Constantly improving Artificial Intelligence software. Over time it will get even more accurate and be
able to expand into multiple abnormalities with a single sample. 

5. More cost effective than alternatives. 

6. Potentially combined to test for a myriad of disease from a single sample. 

As a start-up company in the animal healthcare testing industry, we will
be at a disadvantage to other more established and better capitalized companies that we are in competition with. 

Compliance with Government Regulation 

We are not aware of any pending or probable regulations that would have
an impact upon our operations. 

The Company s current lab operations in Florida are not subject to
OSHA regulations or regulations governing the handling or disposing of medical waste. There are currently no specific OSHA standards for
veterinary testing, however the labs follow best practices including: 

(a) 
 having a lab space that is clean and orderly and in good repair, with regard to normal fabrication procedures; 

(b) 
 All waste materials properly disposed of at the end of each day; 

(c) 
 Maintaining on the laboratory premises a copy of the laboratory registration so it is readily available for inspection by Department personnel; 

8 

(d) 
 Maintaining on the laboratory premises a written policy and procedure document on sanitation. Said policy shall include, but not necessarily be limited to: Intake and disinfection procedure for each appliance, impression, bite, or other material posing a possible contamination risk received by the laboratory. 

Employees 

We presently have one full-time executive.
 Andrew Brown, our sole director and Chief Executive Officer, serves in a full-time capacity. Primarily, we use the services of
subcontractors and consultants for specific aspects of our business operations. These areas cover legal, clerical, product specialist,
industry consulting firm, operational consultants, and relationship consultants. We do expect material changes in the number of employees
over the next 12-month period. We do and will continue to outsource contract employment as needed. 

Board of Advisors: 

Lindsay Starkey, DVM,
PhD, Diplomate ACVM-Parasit 

Dr. Starkey is an Associate
Professor at Oklahoma State University s College of Veterinary Medicine. 

She completed both her DVM
(2011) and PhD (2015) in Veterinary Biomedical Sciences at Oklahoma State University where her graduate research focused on several vector-borne
infections of dogs. 

She is a diplomate of the
American College of Veterinary Microbiology, Parasitology sub-specialty, completing her residency training through the National Center
for Veterinary Parasitology at Oklahoma State University in 2015. 

She is involved in teaching, various research
projects involving vectors and vector-borne pathogens, diagnostic parasitology, and parasite consultation and outreach. She currently
serves as a co-director for the National Center for Veterinary Parasitology, editor and board member for the American Heartworm Society,
and vice president of the American Association of Veterinary Parasitologists. 

9 

Rob Tavzel 

Rob attended the University
of New Mexico for his undergraduate degree in pre-law political science prior to receiving a commission as an Infantry Officer in the
United States Marine Corps. 

He served nine years in the
Marines with combat deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan. His last duty was as an Acquisition Officer where he was responsible for development
and purchasing of cutting-edge technology for the Marine Corps. 

He later received his Master
of Business Administration degree and subsequently a Master of Technology Management degree from the University of Maryland. He is currently
enrolled as a doctoral candidate pursuing a PhD in Business with a focus on commercialization of intellectual property. 

Rob has pursued a number
of military, healthcare, and industrial technology projects since leaving the military. The most recent project is a partnership with
the Dana Farber Cancer Institute and the greater Harvard Medical Institution to study the efficacy of breath testing to diagnose lung
cancer in humans. 

David A. B. Brown 

10 

David attended McGill University
where he received an undergraduate and graduate degree in Accounting. 

In 1970,
he graduated with Distinction from the Harvard Business School and joined The Boston Consulting Group. 

Braxton Associates was formed
in 1979 by alumni of BCG, Bain Co, and Arthur D Little, Inc. Braxton was a strategy firm and David and the six other partners sold
it to Deloitte in 1984. 

While the six partners went to
Deloitte, David formed The Windsor Group, Inc; a strategy consulting firm focused on the upstream end of the energy business that he had
experienced in Brazil. This culminated in his being elected Chairman and CEO of Layne Christensen, which drilled the rescue hole for the
Chilean miners in 2010, and chairman of the board of Pride International, the largest deep water driller that provided the equipment to
cap the Deep Water Horizon disaster in the Gulf of Mexico. 

In 1984, David joined his first
public company board of directors. Since then he has been elected chair of the audit committee of more than a dozen public companies,
including members of the Fortune 500. 

Bruce L. Truman 

Bruce is a leading figure in the pet healthcare
industry, specializing in emerging technologies. His company, BLT Technology Innovation Group, Inc. , advises early-stage
and expanding companies in the companion animal market, providing strategic partnerships and guidance. 

Bruce has worked with companies such as Basepaws (feline
genetics, acquired by Zoetis), Embark (canine genetics), and Mars Kinship . He is a founding board member
of the Veterinary Virtual Care Association (VVCA) and a past president of VetPartners.org . He also advises
on various SaaS solutions in the animal care space. 

We will be adding additional
Advisors in the upcoming year. 

License Agreement 

On August 18, 2023, the Company entered into a Patent
and Know-How License Agreement (the License Agreement with Defiant Technologies Inc. Defiant ). Pursuant
to the License Agreement, among other things, Defiant granted the Company a nontransferable, non-sublicensable, exclusive right and
license to certain patents and know-how relating to animal testing and all commercial applications related to the animal market
on a global basis Patent Rights , Know-How , and Materials , respectively) to manufacture,
use, offer for sale, sell or import Licensed Products in the animal market worldwide. The license is exclusive (subject
to certain exceptions and conditions) with respect to the Patent Rights and Materials and non-exclusive with respect to the Know-How. 

As consideration for the license under the License
Agreement, the Company has agreed to make an initial payment of 50,000, which is due 30 days from the effective date of the License Agreement
(or, at Defiant s discretion, 225,000 in a lump sum within 45 days from the effective date). Further, in consideration of the rights
and licenses granted under the License Agreement, the Company is required to pay Defiant a royalty of 3 of net sales of all Licensed
Products in the field of use throughout the world during the term of the License Agreement. 

11 

Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act 

We
qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in Section 101 of the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act JOBS
Act as we did not have more than 1,000,000,000 in annual gross revenue and did not have such amount as of September 30, 2024,
our last fiscal year. 

We
may lose our status as an emerging growth company on the last day of our fiscal year during which (i) our annual gross revenue exceeds
 1,000,000,000 or (ii) we issue more than 1,000,000,000 in non-convertible debt in a three-year period. We will lose our status as an
emerging growth company if at any time we are deemed to be a large, accelerated filer. We will lose our status as an emerging growth company
on the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities pursuant
to an effective registration statement. 

As
an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of specified reduced reporting and other burdens that are otherwise applicable to generally
reporting companies. These provisions include: 

A requirement to have only two years of audited financial statement and only two years of related Management Discussion and Analysis Disclosures: 

Reduced disclosure about the emerging growth company s executive compensation arrangements; and 

No non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements. 

As
an emerging growth company, we are exempt from Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Section 14A(a) and (b) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. Such sections are provided below: 

Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires a public company s auditor to attest to, and report on, management s assessment of its internal control 

Sections 14A(a) and (b) of the Securities and Exchange Act, implemented by Section 951 of the Dodd-Frank Act, require companies to hold shareholder advisory votes on executive compensation and golden parachute compensation. 

We
have already taken advantage of these reduced reporting burdens in this registration statement, which are also available to us as a smaller
reporting company as defined under Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

As
long as we qualify as an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 and Section 14A(a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act for complying with new or
revised accounting standards. We are choosing to irrevocably opt in to the extended transition period for complying with new or revised
accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of the JOBS Act. 

Intellectual Property 

We do not have any intellectual
property at this time but do believe our operating model will yield property that will justify the cost of obtaining patents. 

Revenue 

We
have not recorded any revenue for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and through the date of this filing. 

12 

Factors
Effecting Future Performance 

For the years ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, the Company has generated no revenue and has made limited progress executing the Company s business plan. Additional
outside financing is required to fully implement our business plan. Based on the preceding two fiscal years, there can be no assurances
that the Company will take any material steps to further its business plan during the coming fiscal year. If we are unable to obtain financing,
we will be unable to implement our business plan. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

The following risk factors
and other information included in this Report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described
below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently deem less significant
may also impair our business operations. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors actually occurs,
our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

Our
plan of operation is to obtain debt or equity financing to meet our ongoing operating expenses and attempt to develop our operations and
related opportunities for growth in return for shares of our common stock to create value for our shareholders. There can be no assurance
that any of our operations can successfully be developed to their full potential that any stockholder will realize any return on their
shares after such a transaction has been completed. Any current transaction contemplated by us can be expected to have a significant dilutive
effect on the percentage of shares held by our current stockholders. 

There
are many established venture capital and financial concerns that may be developing alternatives that have significantly greater financial
and personnel resources and technical expertise than we have. In view of our limited financial resources and limited management availability,
we will continue to be at a significant competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors. 

You
should be aware that there are various risks associated with our business, including the risks discussed below. You should carefully consider
these risk factors, as well as the other information contained in this annual report, in evaluating our business and us. 

There
can be no assurance that this series of events will be successfully completed or that any stockholder will realize any return on their
shares after our business plan has been implemented. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR COMPANY 

WE
HAVE A SHARHOLDERS DEFICIT AND ANTICIPATE FUTURE LOSSES 

As
of September 30, 2024, we had a stockholders deficit of approximately 33,138. 

Future
losses are likely to occur as, until we have opportunities for growth in return for shares of our common stock to create value for our
shareholders as we have no sources of income to meet our operating expenses. As a public entity, subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934, we will continue to incur ongoing expenses associated with professional fees for accounting,
legal and a host of other expenses for annual reports and proxy statements. As a result, we may not have sufficient funds to grow
our operations. As a result of these, among other factors, we received from our registered
independent public accountants in their report for the financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2024, an explanatory paragraph
stating that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

OUR
COMPANY HAS A LIMITED OPERATNG HISTORY AND AN EVOLVING BUSINESS MODEL WHICH RAISES DOUBT ABOUT OUR ABILITY TO ACHIEVE PROFITABILITY OR
OBTAIN FINANCING 

Our company only has a couple of years of operating history. Our company s
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain adequate financing and to reach profitable levels of operations
and we have a limited history of performance, earnings, and success. There can be no assurance that we will achieve profitability or obtain
future financing. 

13 

OUR
EXISTING FINANCIAL RESOURCES ARE INSUFFICIENT TO MEET OUR ONGOING OPERATING EXPENSES 

We
have no sources of income at this time and no existing cash balances to meet our ongoing operating expenses. In the short term, unless
we are able to raise additional debt and/or equity we shall be unable to meet our ongoing operating expenses. On a longer-term basis,
we intend to raise the debt and/or equity to meet our ongoing operating expenses and merge with another entity with experienced management
and opportunities for growth in return for shares of our common stock to create value for our shareholders. There can be no assurance
that this series of events will be successfully completed. 

BECAUSE
OUR PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS CONTROL OUR ACTIVITIES, THEY MAY CAUSE US TO ACT IN A MANNER THAT IS MOST BENEFICIAL TO THEMSELVES AND NOT
TO OTHER SHAREHOLDERS WHICH COULD CAUSE US NOT TO TAKE ACTIONS THAT OUTSIDE INVESTORS MIGHT VIEW FAVORABLY 

Our principal shareholders
own approximately 75 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, they effectively control all matters requiring stockholder approval,
including the election of directors, the approval of significant corporate transactions, such as mergers and related party transaction.
These insiders also have the ability to delay or perhaps even block, by their ownership of our stock, an unsolicited tender offer. This
concentration of ownership could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of our company that you might
view favorably. 

WE
MAY DEPEND UPON OUTSIDE ADVISORS, WHO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE ON REASONABLE TERMS AND AS NEEDED. 

To
supplement the business experience of our sole officer and director, we may be required to employ accountants, technical experts, appraisers,
attorneys, or other consultants or advisors, without any input from stockholders will make the selection of any such advisors. Furthermore,
it is anticipated that such persons may be engaged on an as needed basis without a continuing fiduciary or other obligation
to us. In the event we consider it necessary to hire outside advisors, we may elect to hire persons who are affiliates, if they are able
to provide the required services. 

WE
ARE AN EMERGING GROWTH COMPANY, AND ANY DECISION ON OUR PART TO COMPLY ONLY WITH CERTAIN REDUCED DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS
APPLICABLE TO EMERGING GROWTH COMPANIES COULD MAKE OUR COMMON STOCK LESS ATTRACTIVE TO INVESTORS. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth
company, we expect and fully intend to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public
companies but not to emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor
attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive
compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth
company for up to five years, or until the earliest of (if) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues
exceed 1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act,
which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business
day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible
debt during the preceding three year period. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition
period provided in Section 7(a)2(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We have elected to opt in to the extended transition period for complying with the revised accounting standards. We have elected to rely
on these exemptions and reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and expect to continue to
do so. 

14 

REPORTING
REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT AND COMPLIANCE WITH THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, INCLUDING ESTABLISHING AND MAINTAINING ACCEPTABLE
INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING, ARE COSTLY AND MAY INCREASE SUBSTANTIALLY. 

The
rules and regulations of the SEC require a public company to prepare and file periodic reports under the Exchange Act, which will require
that the Company engage legal, accounting, auditing and other professional services. The engagement of such services is costly. Additionally,
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we design, implement, and maintain
adequate internal controls and procedures over financial reporting. The costs of complying with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the limited
technically qualified personnel we have may make it difficult for us to design, implement and maintain adequate internal controls over
financial reporting. In the event that we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls or discover material weaknesses in
our internal controls, we may not be able to produce reliable financial reports or report fraud, which may harm our overall financial
condition and result in loss of investor confidence and a decline in our share price. 

As
a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010
and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Despite recent reforms made possible by the JOBS Act, compliance with these rules
and regulations will nonetheless increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming
or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. 
The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and operating
results. 

We
are working with our legal, accounting and financial advisors to identify those areas in which changes should be made to our financial
and management control systems to manage our growth and our obligations as a public company. These areas include corporate governance,
corporate control, disclosure controls and procedures and financial reporting and accounting systems. We have made, and will continue
to make, changes in these and other areas. However, we anticipate that the expenses that will be required in order to adequately prepare
for being a public company could be material. We estimate that the aggregate cost of increased legal services; accounting and audit functions;
personnel, such as a chief financial officer familiar with the obligations of public company reporting; consultants to design and implement
internal controls; and financial printing alone will be 35,000 per year and could increase depending on any changes we make. In addition,
if and when we retain independent directors and/or additional members of senior management, we may incur additional expenses related to
director compensation and/or premiums for directors and officers liability insurance, the costs of which we cannot estimate
at this time. We may also incur additional expenses associated with investor relations and similar functions, the cost of which we also
cannot estimate at this time. However, these additional expenses individually, or in the aggregate, may also be material. 

In
addition, being a public company could make it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including directors 
and officers liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher
costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain
qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 

We currently do not have
an internal audit group, and we will eventually need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company
experience and technical accounting knowledge to have effective internal controls for financial reporting. Additionally, due to the fact
that any new Officers and Directors we may add might have limited experience as an officer or Director of a reporting company, such lack
of experience may impair our ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures,
which may result in material misstatements to our financial statements and an inability to provide accurate financial information to our
stockholders. 

Moreover, if we are not able
to comply with the requirements or regulations as an SEC reporting company, in any regard, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations
by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. 

The
increased costs associated with operating as a public company may decrease our net income or increase our net loss and may cause us to
reduce costs in other areas of our business or increase the prices of our products or services to offset the effect of such increased
costs. Additionally, if these requirements divert our management s attention from other business concerns, they could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

WE
HAVE A MATERIAL WEAKNESS IN OUR CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

We
have conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations for the Treadway Commission COSO and published in
2013, and subsequent guidance prepared by COSO specifically for smaller public companies. Based on that evaluation, management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was not sufficient as of September 30, 2024 for the reasons discussed below: 

15 

A significant deficiency
is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting, that adversely affects the entity s
ability to initiate, authorize, record, process, or report financial data reliably in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles such that there is more than a remote likelihood that a misstatement of the entity s financial statements that is more
than inconsequential will not be prevented or detected by the entity s internal control. 

A material weakness is a
deficiency or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. 

Management identified the
following material weakness and significant deficiencies in its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting as of September 30, 2024: 

The Company did not maintain effective controls over certain aspects of the financial reporting process because we lacked personnel with accounting expertise to meet our financial reporting requirements. 

Material Weakness Inadequate segregation of duties. 

The
management of the Company believes that these material weaknesses will remain until such time that the Company has the resources to increase
the number of personnel committed to the performance of its financial duties that such weaknesses can be specifically addressed. This
will include, but not limited to, the following: 

Hiring of additional personnel to adequately segregate financial reporting duties. 

The retention of outside consultants to review our controls and procedures. 

IF WE ARE UNABLE TO RECRUIT OR RETAIN QUALIFIED PERSONNEL, IT COULD
HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND STOCK PRICE 

Our success depends in large part on the continued services of our sole
executive officer and third-party relationships. We currently do not have key person insurance on these individuals. The loss of these
people, especially without advance notice, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and our stock price. It is
also very important that we be able to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. Competition for qualified personnel can be intense,
and there are a limited number of people with the requisite knowledge and experience. Under these conditions, we could be unable to recruit,
train, and retain employees. If we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel, it could have a material adverse impact on our operating
results and stock price. 

WE CANNOT ASSURE YOU THAT WE WILL HAVE THE RESOURCES TO REPAY ALL OF
OUR LIABILITIES IN THE FUTURE 

We have liabilities and may in the future have other liabilities to affiliated
or unaffiliated lenders. These liabilities represent fixed costs, which are required to be paid regardless of the level of business or
profitability experienced by us. We cannot assure that we will not incur debt in the future, that we will have sufficient funds to repay
our indebtedness or that we will not default on our debt, jeopardizing our business viability. Furthermore, we may not be able to borrow
or raise additional capital in the future to meet our needs or to otherwise provide the capital necessary to conduct our business. We
may utilize purchase order financing from third party lenders when we are supplying or distributing consumer goods, which increases our
costs and the risks that we may incur a default, which would harm its business reputation and financial condition. We cannot assure you
that we will be able to pay all of our liabilities, or that we will not experience a default on our indebtedness. 

THERE IS NO ASSURANCE THAT
BREATH ANALYSIS IN GENERAL WILL ACHIEVE RESULTS BETTER THAN EXISTING TESTS, INCLUDING HEARTWORM 

Through all the testing and
research to date, it is still unclear if the VOCs that matter for a certain test (breath, environment, etc.) are wholly present on all
samples tested or not. Breath analysis in general may not achieve widespread adoption for any of its potential applications, including
ours. 

16 

WE HAVE A LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY AND HAVE
GENERATED NO REVENUE TO DATE. 

We have a limited operating
history and do not have a meaningful historical record of sales and revenues, nor do we have an established business track record. While
we believe that we have the opportunity to be successful, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in accomplishing our business
initiatives, or that we will be able to achieve any significant levels of revenues or net income. 

THE COMPANY HAS HAD DELAYS
IMPLEMENTING ITS BUSINESS PLAN OVER THE COURSE OF THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND HAS NOT FULLY IMPLEMENTED A DEFINITIVE
TIMELINE IN PLACE FOR THE FURTHERANCE IF ANY COMPANY ENDEAVORS. 

The business plan and operations
of the Company have been delayed over the course of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 and we expect further delays in implementing
our plan for when we will further our operations. As such, it is possible that we may not meet all, or any, of the goals we have outlined
in our business plan. In the event that we cannot develop the means to progress our business plan, it is possible that we may eventually
cease all Company activity. 

OUR SUCCESS DEPENDS SUBSTANTIALLY
ON THE CONTINUING EFFORTS OF OUR SENIOR EXECUTIVE AND OTHERS AND OUR BUSINESS MAY BE SEVERELY DISRUPTED IF WE LOSE THEIR SERVICES. 

Our future success heavily
depends upon the continued services of our senior executive and other key consultants. If one or more of our senior executives or key
employees are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, it could disrupt our business operations, and we may not be
able to replace them easily or at all. In addition, competition for senior executives and key personnel in our industry is intense, and
we may be unable to retain our senior executives and key personnel or attract and retain new senior executives and key personnel in the
future, in which case our business may be severely disrupted. 

OUR
SOLE OFFICER AND DIRECTOR MAY HAVE CONFLICTS OF INTEREST WHICH MAY NOT BE RESOLVED IN OUR FAVOR . 

Because our sole Officer
and Director serves other outside positions, he is only able to focus on advancing our business operations part time. He currently devotes
between 10 and 25 hours per week in regard to our operations. It should be noted however, that the amount of time that Officers and Director s
may allocate to our business activities may increase or decrease in the future. Our director
has other business interests to which he devotes his attention and may be expected to continue to do so although management time should
be devoted to our business. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise that can be resolved only through exercise of such judgment as
is consistent with fiduciary duties to us. We cannot accurately predict, however, if this will occur for certain or what exact
events will cause our Officers and Directors to allocate more time or less time to our operations. Certain
conflicts of interest may exist between our director and us. 

DUE TO THE COMPANY S
DOUBT OF BEING ABLE TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN THERE IS A POSSIBILITY THAT YOU MAY LOSE ALL OR PART OF YOUR INVESTMENT. 

The Company s financial
statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern that
contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

The Company demonstrates
adverse conditions that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year following
the issuance of these financial statements. These adverse conditions are negative financial trends, specifically recurring operating losses,
accumulated deficit, and other adverse key financial ratios. 

The Company generated no
revenue during the year ended September 30, 2024, and as a result the Company does not have sufficient funds to cover its operating expenses.
Management plans to fund operating expenses from various, however management has no guarantee it can or obligation to do so. There is
no assurance that management s plan will be successful. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR SECURITIES AND SECURITIES COMPLIANCE 

THERE IS A VERY LIMITED
TRADING MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK AND INVESTORS ARE NOT ASSURED OF THE OPPORTUNITY TO SELL THEIR STOCK, SHOULD THEY DESIRE TO DO SO. 

Our common stock currently
trades on the OTC expert market. However, that stock has traded in very limited quantities in the past. We believe a significant
factor in the limited market is our limited capitalization and liquidity, results of operation and the characterization of our stock as
a penny stock. We hope to remedy our financial condition and results of operation in the future. This, in turn, may assist
us in obtaining listing of our stock on higher status exchange listings. However, there is no assurance that any of these objectives will
be met or that the market will ever increase to a point where investors could sell their stock at a desirable price, should they desire
to do so. There is no established public trading market for our securities. A regular trading market may not develop in our common stock
or, if it does, it may not be sustained. In the absence of a trading market, an investor may be unable to liquidate their investment. 

17 

OUR
STOCK WILL IN ALL LIKELIHOOD CONTINUE TO BE THINLY TRADED AND AS A RESULT YOU MAY BE UNABLE TO SELL AT OR NEAR ASK PRICES OR AT ALL IF
YOU NEED TO LIQUIDATE YOUR SHARES. 

We
cannot give you any assurance that a broader or more active public trading market for our shares of Common Stock will develop or be sustained,
or that any trading levels will be sustained. Due to these conditions, we can give investors no assurance that they will be able to sell
their shares of common stock at or near ask prices or at all if you need money or otherwise desire to liquidate your shares of common
stock of our Company. 

OUR
BUSINESS PLAN IS EXPECTED TO RESULT IN A REDUCTION OF PERCENTAGE SHARE OWNERSHIP FOLLOWING CAPITAL RAISES AND THE RESULTING DILUTION. 

Our
primary plan of operation is based upon a development of our business which, in all likelihood, would result in us issuing securities
to raise capital. The issuance of previously authorized and unissued shares of our common stock would result in reduction in percentage
of shares owned by present and prospective stockholders and may result in a change in control or management. In addition, any merger or
acquisition can be expected to have a significant dilutive effect on the percentage of the shares held by our stockholders. 

THE
REGULATION OF PENNY STOCKS SUCH AS OURS BY THE SEC AND FINRA MAY HAVE AN EFFECT ON THE TRADABILITY OF OUR SECURITIES. 

The
Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted a number of rules to regulate penny stocks. Such rules include Rules 3a51-1,
15g-1, 15g-2, 15g-3, 15g-4, 15g-5, 15g-6, 15g-7, and 15g-9 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Because our securities
constitute penny stocks within the meaning of the rules, the rules would apply to us and to our securities. The rules may
further affect the ability of owners of Shares to sell our securities in any market that might develop for them. 

Shareholders
should be aware that, according to Securities and Exchange Commission, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns
of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related
to the promoter or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press
releases; (iii) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced
sales persons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (v) the wholesale dumping
of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired consequent investor losses. Our
management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position
to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, management will strive within the confines of
practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. 

The
shares of our common stock may be thinly traded on the Pink Sheets, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our shares
of common stock at or near ask prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. This situation is attributable to a number
of factors, including the fact that we are a small company which is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional
investors and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of
such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven, early stage company such as ours or purchase or
recommend the purchase of our shares of common stock until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. As a consequence, there may
be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares of common stock is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned
issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect
on Securities price. 

STATE SECURITIES LAWS MAY LIMIT SECONDARY TRADING,
WHICH MAY RESTRICT THE STATES IN WHICH YOU CAN SELL SHARES. 

Secondary trading in our
common stock may not be possible in any state until the common stock is qualified for sale under the applicable securities laws of the
state or there is confirmation that an exemption, such as listing in certain recognized securities manuals, is available for secondary
trading in the state. If we fail to register or qualify, or to obtain or verify an exemption for the secondary trading of, the common
stock in any particular state, the common stock cannot be offered or sold to, or purchased by, a resident of that state. In the event
that a significant number of states refuse to permit secondary trading in our common stock, the liquidity for the common stock could be
significantly impacted. 

18 

RULE
144 SALES IN THE FUTURE MAY HAVE A DEPRESSIVE EFFECT ON OUR STOCK PRICE. 

All
of the outstanding shares of common stock held by our present officers, directors, and affiliate stockholders are restricted securities 
within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. As restricted shares, these shares may be resold only pursuant
to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the
Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. We are registering all of our outstanding shares so officers, directors and
affiliates will be able to sell their shares if this Registration Statement becomes effective. Rule 144 provides in essence that a person
who has held restricted securities for one year may, under certain conditions, sell every three months, in brokerage transactions, a number
of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1.0 of a company s outstanding common stock or the average weekly trading volume
during the four calendar weeks prior to the sale. There is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a nonaffiliate
after the owner has held the restricted securities for a period of two years. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from
the Act, may have a depressive effect upon the price of the common stock in any market that may develop. 

THE
PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK COULD BE HIGHLY VOLATILE 

Our
shares of common stock are traded on the OTC Markets. It is likely that our common stock will be subject to price volatility, low volumes
of trades and large spreads in bid and ask prices quoted by market makers. Due to the low volume of shares traded on any trading day,
persons buying or selling in relatively small quantities may easily influence prices of our common stock. This low volume of trades could
also cause the price of our stock to fluctuate greatly, with large percentage changes in price occurring in any trading day session. Holders
of our common stock may also not be able to readily liquidate their investment or may be forced to sell at depressed prices due to low
volume trading. If high spreads between the bid and ask prices of our common stock exist at the time of a purchase, the stock would have
to appreciate substantially on a relative percentage basis for an investor to recoup their investment. Broad market fluctuations and general
economic and political conditions may also adversely affect the market price of our common stock. No assurance can be given that an active
market in our common stock will be sustained. If an active market does not continue, holders of our common stock may be unable to readily
sell the shares they hold or may not be able to sell their shares at all. 

LOSS
OF CONTROL BY OUR PRESENT MANAGEMENT AND STOCKHOLDERS MAY OCCUR UPON THE ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL SHARES. 

We
may issue further shares as consideration for the cash, assets, or services out of our authorized but unissued common stock that would,
upon issuance, represent a majority of our voting power and equity. The result of such an issuance would be those new stockholders and
management would control us, and persons unknown could replace our management at this time. Such an occurrence would result in a greatly
reduced percentage of ownership of us by our current shareholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an
arbitrary basis. The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting
the value of the shares held by our investors and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. 

WE MAY ISSUE SHARES OF PREFERRED STOCK IN THE
FUTURE THAT MAY ADVERSELY IMPACT YOUR RIGHTS AS HOLDERS OF OUR COMMON STOCK. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
authorizes us to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Accordingly, our board of directors will have the authority to fix
and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred shares, as well as the authority to issue such shares, without further
stockholder approval. Currently, each one (1) share of Preferred Stock shall have voting rights held at all stockholders meetings
for all purposes, including election of directors equal to one hundred (100) shares of common stock. 

Our preferred Stock does
not have any dividend, conversion, liquidation, or other rights or preferences, including redemption or sinking fund provisions. However,
our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders preferred rights to our
assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividends before dividends are declared to holders of our common stock, and the right to
the redemption of such preferred shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of the common stock. To the extent that we do
issue such additional shares of preferred stock, your rights as holders of common stock could be impaired thereby, including, without
limitation, dilution of your ownership interests in us. In addition, shares of preferred stock could be issued with terms calculated to
delay or prevent a change in control or make removal of management more difficult, which may not be in your interest as holders of common
stock. 

19 

WE
DO NOT ANTICIPATE PAYING CASH DIVIDENDS ON OUR COMMON STOCK AND CONSEQUENTLY YOUR ABILITY TO ACHIEVE A RETURN ON YOUR
INVESTMENT WILL DEPEND ON APPRECIATION IN THE PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK. 

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We have never declared or paid
any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to invest our future earnings, if any, to fund our growth. Therefore, you
are not likely to receive any dividends on your common stock for the foreseeable future and the success of an investment in shares of
our common stock will depend upon any future appreciation in its value. There is no guarantee that shares of our common stock will appreciate
in value or even maintain the price at which our stockholders have purchased their shares. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM
1C. CYBERSECURITY. 

At this time, the Company does not have formal processes in place for assessing,
identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. Our approach to cybersecurity is currently informal and primarily
reactive, involving basic security measures such as: 

Basic
 Security Software: We use standard antivirus and anti-malware software for protection against
 common threats. 
 
 Password
 Policies: Simple password policies are in place to protect access to our systems. 

However, we recognize
the importance of cybersecurity and are in the process of developing more robust strategies. We plan to: 

Develop
 a Cybersecurity Framework: Establish a formal risk assessment process to identify vulnerabilities. 
 
 Engage
 Cybersecurity Expertise: Consider hiring or consulting with cybersecurity professionals to
 guide our strategy. 
 
 Implement
 Training: Begin employee training on cybersecurity awareness to prevent common threats like
 phishing. 

We acknowledge
that the absence of comprehensive cybersecurity processes could potentially expose the company to risks, which might materially affect
our operations, financial condition, or strategic decisions in the future. We are committed to improving our cybersecurity posture as
our resources allow. 

Governance 

Board
 Oversight: Currently, our sole director does not have a formal structure for overseeing cybersecurity
 risks. We plan to review this oversight in the near future to ensure appropriate governance
 is established. 
 
 Management's
 Role: Day-to-day management of cybersecurity is handled by our IT staff, who do not have
 specialized training in cybersecurity. We are considering enhancing this role or outsourcing
 to professionals with specific cybersecurity expertise. 
 
 Expertise:
 Our current management and Board do not have in-depth cybersecurity expertise. We are considering
 educational opportunities or consulting to address this gap. 

Material Effect
from Cybersecurity Threats 

To date, no known cybersecurity incidents have materially affected our
business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, due to our limited cybersecurity measures, we acknowledge that
our company could be at higher risk of material impact from cybersecurity threats. We are actively working to mitigate these risks. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

As of the date of this report
we do not own or lease any properties. The Company s executive office is located at 149 James Place, Maitland, FL. This office is
furnished to the Company by its CEO at no charge. The facility in Maitland, FL is adequate for our operations at this time. 

20 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

Neither we nor any of our
officers, directors or holders of five percent or more of its common stock is a party to any pending legal proceedings and to the best
of our knowledge, no such proceedings by or against us or our officers, or directors or holders of five percent or more of its common
stock have been threatened or is pending against us. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

Shares of our common stock
trade on the OTC Expert Market and quotations for the common stock were traded on the OTC Markets under the symbol AAWC., 
which was subsequently changed to GIPL Following the completion of the Holding Company Reorganization we have described
above; we changed our trading symbol to GIPL. 

Last Reported Price 

On October 18, 2024, the
last reported bid price of our shares of common stock reported on the OTC Markets
Expert Market was 0.10 per share. 

Record Holders 

There were 170 holders of
record as of November 28, 2024. In many instances, a registered stockholder is a broker or other entity holding shares in street name
for one or more customers who beneficially own the shares. 

21 

D ividend Policy 

We have never paid cash dividends
and have no plans to do so in the foreseeable future. Our future dividend policy will be determined by our board of directors and will
depend upon a number of factors, including our financial condition and performance, our cash needs and expansion plans, income tax consequences,
and the restrictions that applicable laws, any future preferred stock instruments, and any future credit arrangements may then impose. 

Penny Stock 

Penny Stock Regulation Broker-dealer
practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks are regulated by certain penny stock rules adopted by the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00. Excluded from the penny stock designation
are securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on NASDAQ, provided that current price and volume information
with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange/system or sold to established customers or accredited investors. 

The penny stock rules require
a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure
document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the
customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in connection
with the transaction, and the monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account.
In addition, the penny stock rules generally require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock, the broker-dealer must make a special
written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement
to the transaction. 

These disclosure requirements
may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock
rules. As our securities have become subject to the penny stock rules, investors may find it more difficult to sell their securities. 

Description
of Common Stock 

We
are authorized to issue 1,990,000,000 shares of our Common Stock, 0.0001 par value (the Common Stock ). Each share of the
Common Stock is entitled to share equally with each other share of Common Stock in dividends from sources legally available therefore,
when, and if, declared by our board of directors and, upon our liquidation or dissolution, whether voluntary or involuntary, to share
equally in the assets of the Company that are available for distribution to the holders of the Common Stock. Each holder of Common Stock
is entitled to one vote per share for all purposes, except that in the election of directors, each holder shall have the right to vote
such number of shares for as many persons as there are directors to be elected. Cumulative voting shall not be allowed in the election
of directors or for any other purpose, and the holders of Common Stock have no preemptive rights, redemption rights or rights of conversion
with respect to the Common Stock. Our board of directors is authorized to issue additional shares of our Common Stock within the limits
authorized by our Articles of Incorporation and without stockholder action. All shares of Common Stock have equal voting rights, and voting
rights are not cumulative. 

A
total of 36,245,491 shares of common stock are currently outstanding on December 9, 2024. 

22 

Description
of Preferred Stock 

We
are authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock with 0.0001 par value (the Preferred Stock with such relative
rights, preferences and designations as may be determined by our Board of Directors in its sole discretion upon the issuance of any shares
of Preferred Stock. 

No
Series of Preferred Stock has been designated since September 15, 2020 (Inception) and no shares of Preferred Stock are currently outstanding
on the date of this Form 10-K. 

Transfer
Agent 

Our transfer agent is Legacy
Stock Transfer, Inc., 14673 Midway Road, Suite 220, Addison, Texas, 75001. Their telephone number is (972) 612-4120. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Global
Innovative Platforms, Inc. has issued the securities below through September 30, 2024. 

Stock issued to founders for subscriptions 
 15,470,000 
 
 Founders issuances 
 9,062,138 
 
 Stock issued for cash 
 600,000 

Stock issued in settlement of obligations 
 5,267,268 

Noncash expenses paid with the issuance of common Stock 
 2,727,000 

The transactions were exempt
from registration under Section 4(a)2 of the Securities Act of 1933. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking Statements 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with our unaudited financial statements and notes thereto included herein. In connection with, and because we desire to take advantage
of, the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we caution readers regarding certain
forward looking statements in the following discussion and elsewhere in this report and in any other statement made by, or on our behalf,
whether or not in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements are statements not based on historical
information and which relate to future operations, strategies, financial results, or other developments. Forward looking statements are
necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties,
and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and many of which, with respect to future business decisions, are subject to change.
These uncertainties and contingencies can affect actual results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed
in any forward-looking statements made by, or on our behalf. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements. 

The independent registered public accounting firm s
report on the Company s consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2023 includes a going concern explanatory
paragraph that describes substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

23 

This annual report contains forward-looking statements as that term is
defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance.
In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, expects, 
 plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential 
or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled Risk Factors that
may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from
any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels
of activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we
do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

 Our financial statements are stated in United States
Dollars ) except as otherwise indicated and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and the related notes
that appear elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates
and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause
or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report, particularly
in the section entitled Risk Factors of this annual report. 

In this annual report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are
expressed in United States dollars and all references to common shares refer to the common shares in our capital stock. 

Plan of Operation 

The Company s
plan of operation is to obtain debt or equity finance to meet our ongoing operating expenses and opportunities for growth in return for
shares of our common stock to create value for our shareholders. 

The Company will need substantial additional capital
to support its budget. The Company has had no revenues. The Company has no committed source for any funds as of date hereof. In the event
funds cannot be raised when needed, the Company may not be able to carry out its business plan, may never achieve sales or royalty income,
and could fail in business as a result of these uncertainties. 

The Company may borrow money to finance its future
operations, although it does not currently contemplate doing so. Any such borrowing will increase the risk of loss to the investor in
the event the Company is unsuccessful in repaying such loans. 

During the next twelve-month period (beginning October 1, 2024), we intend
to identify and secure sources of equity and/or debt financing for the development of our business plan of which there is no guarantee. 

24 

Funding requirements 

We expect our research, product launch and product
development and general and administrative expenses and our operating losses will increase in the future as we complete final modifications
and any potential future product candidates that we may develop through our studies. Due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated
with research, development and commercialization of product candidates, changes in the outcome of any factors with respect to the development
of a product candidate could mean a significant change in the costs and timing associated with the development of that product candidate
in addition to the existing expenses associated with operating as a growing public company. Our future capital requirements, both short-
and long-term, will depend on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the rate of progress in the development of test results and our potential future product candidates, if any; 

the scope, progress, results and costs of non-clinical studies, preclinical development, and laboratory testing for mold on food and any potential future product candidates and associated development programs; 

the number and scope of preclinical studies trials that we pursue; 

the costs, timing, and outcomes of seeking and obtaining approvals by trade associations, including the potential for such authorities to require that we perform more preclinical studies or clinical trials than those that we currently expect or for such authorities to change their requirements on studies that had previously been contemplated; 

our ability to establish licensing or collaboration agreements or other strategic agreements; 

the achievement of milestones or other developments under any licensing or collaboration agreements; 

the extent to which we are obligated to reimburse, or entitled to reimbursement of, clinical trial costs under any license or collaboration agreements; 

the costs to establish, maintain, expand, enforce, and defend the scope of our intellectual property portfolio, including the amount and timing of any payments we may be required to make, or that we may receive, in connection with licensing, preparing, filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patents or other intellectual property rights; 

25 

the costs associated with successfully defending against any claims by third parties that we have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated any intellectual property of any such third party; 

the costs of acquiring, licensing, or investing in additional businesses, products, product candidates, and technologies that we may identify; 

the costs to manufacture or to have manufactured sufficient, reliable, timely, and affordable supply of materials including commercial-grade product formulations that can be used in clinical trials and for commercial launch; 

the costs of commercializing product candidates, if approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; 

the amount of revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of our product candidates, should any of our product candidates receive marketing approval; 

the costs of building or contracting sales, marketing, and/or distribution capabilities, systems, and internal infrastructure for any product candidate that receives marketing approval; 

the impact of competitors product candidates and technological advances and other market developments; 

the expenses needed to attract and retain skilled personnel; and 

the size of the markets and degree of market acceptance of any product candidates, including product pricing, product coverage, and the adequacy of reimbursement by third-party payors. 

Our business plans may change in the future and
we will continue to require additional capital to meet the needs of our operating expenses. See the section titled Risk factors Risks
related to our limited operating history, financial condition and need for additional capital. 

We have limited capital and we will need
to raise additional capital in order to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for first few months of 2025.
We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than
we expect. 

Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial
product revenue, we expect to finance our operations through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic
alliances and marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity
or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or
other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available,
may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional
debt, making acquisitions or capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic
alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies,
future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are
unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings or other arrangements when needed, we would be required to delay, scale
back or discontinue our research, product development or future commercialization efforts, or grant rights to develop and market product
candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 

26 

Through the date of this filing, we have historically financed our operations
principally through the issuance and sale of common stock. 

We have incurred significant net operating losses
and negative cash flows since our inception. Since our inception, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to organizing and
staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, establishing licensing, building our proprietary platform technologies, developing
marketing plans, establishing our intellectual property portfolio, conducting research, , establishing arrangements with third parties
for the manufacture of hardware we use and related raw materials, and providing general and administrative support for these operations.
Our ability to generate product revenue sufficient to achieve profitability, if ever, will depend on the successful development, and eventual
commercialization of our heartworm tests and any other potential future product candidates, which we expect will take a number of years
to reach widespread adoption if ever. 

For the year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we reported net losses of 136,197 and 282,786,
respectively. Our net losses in fiscal year 2024 have resulted principally from pre-operating costs, public entity costs and costs incurred
in our research and development activities whereas our prior year had greater due diligence fees as we were evaluating business opportunities.
As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 537,213, and we had cash and cash equivalents of 15. 

We expect to continue to incur significant net
operating losses for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if, and as we: 

continue to conduct our ongoing testing of heartworm as well as initiate and complete studies of mold on food and related mycotoxins; 

manufacture, or have manufactured, clinical and commercial supplies of our breath capture devices; 

attract, hire and retain additional clinical, scientific, and management personnel; 

implement operational, financial, and management information systems; 

add quality control, quality assurance, legal, compliance, and other groups to support our operations; 

obtain, maintain, protect, expand and enforce our intellectual property portfolio, including intellectual property obtained through license agreements; 

defend against any claims by third parties that we have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated any intellectual property of any such third party; 

make royalty, milestone or other payments under current, and any future, license or collaboration agreements; 

establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure, either ourselves or in partnership with others, to commercialize heartworm, lyme disease, and mold on food; 

potentially experience any delays, challenges, or other issues associated with other potential products we may discover from our customer database, and 

incur additional legal, accounting, investor relations and other general and administrative expenses associated with expanding operations as a public company. 

27 

Our net operating losses may fluctuate significantly
from period to period, depending upon the timing of our expenditures on research and development activities. Cash used to fund operating
expenses is impacted by the timing of when we pay these expenses, as reflected in the change in our accounts payable and accrued expenses
and other current liabilities. 

As a result, we will need additional financing
to support our continuing operations. To date, we have funded our operations primarily with the proceeds from the issuance and sale of
our Common Stock. We do not have any products approved for sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales since our inception.
We do not expect to generate revenue from any product candidates that we develop until we obtain regulatory approval for one or more of
such product candidates and commercialize our products or enter into collaboration arrangements with third parties. Until we can generate
sufficient product revenue to finance our cash requirements, if ever, we expect to fund our operations through equity offerings or debt
financings, credit or loan facilities, potentially other capital resources, or a combination of one or more of these funding sources.
We may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into other agreements or arrangements when needed on favorable terms, or at all. If
we fail to raise capital or enter into such agreements as and when needed, we may have to significantly delay, scale back, or discontinue
the development or commercialization of heartworm and one or more potential future product candidates, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties
associated with research and development of product candidates, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or
when or if we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Even if we are able to generate revenue from product sales, we may not
become profitable. If we fail to become profitable or are unable to sustain profitability on a continuing basis, then we may be unable
to continue our operations at planned levels and be forced to reduce or terminate our operations. 

Summary of Financial and
Operating Performance 

Results of Operations
for our Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Our net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for our year ended
September 30, 2024, for our year ended September 30, 2023, and the changes between those periods for the respective items are summarized
as follows: 

For the Year Ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 

Revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 
 25,063 
 214,639 
 189,576 
 
 Professional fees 
 10,500 
 9,000 
 (1,500 
 
 Public Entity expenses 
 23,753 
 7,305 
 (16,448 
 
 Other operating expenses 
 76,881 
 51,842 
 (25,039 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 136,197 
 282,786 
 146,589 

Operating loss 
 (136,197 
 (282,786 
 146,589 

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss 
 (136,197 
 (282,786 
 146,589 

Net (loss) per share (basic and diluted) 
 (.005 
 (.46 
 .455 

28 

Revenue 

We did not recognize
any revenue during the year ended September 30, 2024, as we had no revenue generating activities during this period. 

During the fiscal years ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had no revenues. Operating expenses incurred related primarily to personnel costs of officers
and consultants, as well as the activities necessary to support corporate and shareholder duties and are detailed in the following table. 

Significant items affecting
net income (loss) other than time differential are noted below. 

Operating expenses include
research costs, acquisition search costs, license fees, public entity and investor relations, general office expenditures, and other miscellaneous
costs. F or the year ended September 30, 2024, we incurred general and administrative expenses of
 136,197 as compared to 282,786 for the fiscal year 2023 primarily due the elimination of costs incurred for due diligence, search
for acquisitions plus our 50,000 upfront fee from our contract with Defiant Technologies being eliminated and were replaced by research
costs supporting our business plan and Public entity costs and professional fees increasing due to costs from a registration of our securities. 

The components
of Operating Costs are as follows: 

G eneral
and Administrative Expenses comprising general office expenditures fees of 7,530 and a one-time other cost of 17,150 during the
year ended September 30, 2024. During the year ended September 30, 2023, we incurred general and
administrative expenses of 214,639, which was predominately due diligence fees. We reemphasized commencing operations as opposed
to due diligence work and we made advances on how to approach operations from earlier periods. 

Professional
Fees for fiscal 2024 were 10,500, having increased from 9,000 in fiscal year 2023 due to the timing of incurring audit and financial review costs, as also discussed
in Item 14. 

Other
operating expenses include license fees, research costs, personnel costs from operations, and other miscellaneous costs. Costs
also increased in fiscal year 2024 as compared to fiscal year 2023 primarily due to costs incurred by product development offset by the
 50,000 upfront cost from our entering into the contract with Defiant Technologies for the year ended September 30, 2023. 

Public
entity costs are from costs associated with being a public entity such as investor relations, securities filings, transfer agent
and Edgarization costs and increased to 23,753 in fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 from 7,305 for the year ended September 30, 2023.
This increase comprised of costs relating to a registration statement in fiscal year 2024. 

Operating Loss 

During the years
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we incurred an operating loss of 136,197 and 282,786,
respectively, due to the factors discussed above. 

Interest and Other Income (Expenses) Net 

During the years
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we did recognize any interest any other income (expenses), net. 

Loss before Income Tax 

During the years
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we incurred a loss before income taxes of 136,197 and 282,786,
respectively, due to the factors discussed above. 

29 

Provision for Income Tax 

No provision
for income taxes was recorded during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, as we incurred taxable losses in both periods. 

Net Loss 

During
the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we incurred net losses of 136,197 and 282,786,
respectively, due to the factors discussed above 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

 Since our inception, we have
incurred significant operating losses. We have not yet commercialized our planned products and we do not expect to generate revenue from
product sales for at least a year, if at all. We have financed our operations primarily through the issuance and sale of our Common Stock.
For the year ended September 30, 2024, we received gross proceeds of 60,903 from sales of our Stock, 26,000 of related party cash
advanced that we converted to our Common Stock and 75 of cash received from stock subscriptions. On September 30, 2024, we had current
assets of 15 (cash). On September 30, 2024 we had total liabilities of 33,153, resulting in a working capital deficit of 33,138, compared
to 415 in cash and a working capital deficit of 363,953 on September 30, 2023. The working capital deficits were the result of net losses.
Consequently, we are now dependent on raising additional equity and/or debt to meet our ongoing operating expenses. There is no assurance
that we will be able to raise the necessary equity and/or debt that we will need to fund our ongoing operating expenses. 

It is our current intention to seek to raise debt
and/or equity financing to meet ongoing operating expenses and develop our operations and pursue opportunities for growth in return for
shares of our common stock to create value for our shareholders. There is no assurance that this series of events will be satisfactorily
completed. 

Future losses are likely to occur as, until we are
able to fund our business plan and pursue opportunities for growth in return for shares of our common stock to create value for our shareholders,
we have no sources of income to meet our operating expenses. 

As a result of these, among other factors, we received
from our registered independent public accountants in their report for the financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, an explanatory paragraph stating that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We have no revenue generating
operations from which we can internally generate funds. To date, our ongoing operations have been financed by advances from related parties.
While we believe we will be able to secure additional financings in the future, we cannot predict the size or pricing of any such financings. 

Unless we successfully
transform operations through our business plan, we expect that the Company will operate at a loss for the foreseeable future. The Company s
current planned operational needs are approximately 730,000 until September 30, 2025, due to licensing, operations, and the cost of being
public. However, this may be revised based on changes that may occur from our ongoing operations. 

The Company s
ability to continue operations and fund our current work plan is dependent on management s ability to secure additional financing.
These amounts may increase as we intensify the search for a transaction that will commence in an operation for the company going forward. 

30 

We currently have no further
material funding commitments or arrangements for additional financing at this time and there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain
additional financing on acceptable terms, if at all. There is significant uncertainty whether we will be able to secure any additional
financing in the current equity or debt markets. The quantity of funds to be raised and the terms of any proposed equity or debt financing
that may be undertaken will be negotiated by management as opportunities to raise funds arise. Management intends to pursue funding sources
of both debt and equity financing, including but not limited to the issuance of equity securities in the form of Common Shares, warrants,
subscription receipts, or any combination thereof in units of the Company pursuant to private placements to accredited investors or pursuant
to equity lines of credit or public offerings in the form of underwritten/brokered offerings, at-the-market offerings, registered direct
offerings, or other forms of equity financing and public or private issuances of debt securities including secured and unsecured convertible
debt instruments or secured debt project financing. Management does not currently know the terms pursuant to which such financings may
be completed in the future, but any such financings will be negotiated at arm s-length. Future financings involving the issuance
of equity securities or derivatives thereof will likely be completed at a discount to the then-current market price of the Company s
securities and will likely be dilutive to current shareholders. 

Based on the conditions described
within, management has concluded and the audit opinion and notes that accompany our financial statements for the years ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, disclose that substantial doubt exists as to our ability to continue in business. The financial statements included
in this Registration have been prepared under the assumption that we will continue as a going concern. We are an exploration stage company
and we have incurred losses since our inception. We believe that the going concern uncertainty cannot be alleviated with confidence until
the Company has entered into a business climate where funding of its planned ongoing operating activities is secured. 

Our primary sources and uses of cash for the year
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 

Year Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash (used) in operating activities 
 (87,378 
 (234,973 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 86,978 
 187,451 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (400 
 (47,342 

Cash Used in Operating Activities 

During the year
ended September 30, 2024 , we incurred a net loss of 136,197 which after adjustments for a decrease/paydown of in accounts payable
of 2,551 and 17,600 of license payable, and an offset of 68,670 of noncash expenditures resulted in net cash of 87,378 being used
in operations. During the year ended September 30, 2023 the company s activities used 234,793
of cash would was the result of the net loss of 282,786 offset by a 2,007 decrease in payables and a 50,000 accrual under our licensing
agreement. 

Investing Activities 

During the years ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not have any investing activities. 

31 

Financing Activities 

During
the year ended September 30, 3024, the Company raised 26,000 from related party advances and sold 60,903 of common stock and 75 of
stock subscriptions. We also converted 311,363 of related party advances into common stock. During the year ended September 30, 2023 ,
we received 185,904 by way of loans from three principal shareholders and 1,547 collected from stock subscriptions. 

We are dependent upon the
receipt of capital investment or other financing to fund our ongoing operations and to execute our business plan to merge with another
entity with experienced management and opportunities for growth in return for shares of our common stock to create value for our shareholders.
In addition, we are dependent upon our controlling shareholder to provide continued funding and capital resources. If continued funding
and capital resources are unavailable at reasonable terms, we may not be able to implement our plan of operations. 

Cash Flow Considerations 

The Company has historically
relied upon shareholder financings, and to a lesser degree, debt financings, to satisfy its capital requirements and will continue to
depend heavily upon equity capital to finance its activities. The Company may pursue debt financing in the medium term if it is able to
procure such financing on terms more favorable than available equity financing; however, there can be no assurance the Company will be
able to obtain any required financing in the future on acceptable terms. 

The Company has limited financial
resources compared to its proposed expenditures, no source of operating income, and no assurance that additional funding will be available
to it for current or future projects, although the Company has been successful in the past in financing its activities through related
party advances. 

It is our current intention
to seek to raise debt and/or equity financing to meet ongoing operating expenses and attempt to merge with another entity with experienced
management and opportunities for growth in return for shares of our common stock to create value for our shareholders. There is no assurance
that this series of events will be satisfactorily completed. 

Future losses are likely
to occur as, until we are able to merge with another entity with experienced management and opportunities for growth in return for shares
of our common stock to create value for our shareholders, we have no sources of income to meet our operating expenses. As a result of
these, among other factors, we received from our registered independent public accountants in their report for the financial statements
for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , an explanatory paragraph stating that
there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Debt Covenants 

The Company was
in compliance with its lenders as of September 30, 2024. A deterioration of our relationship with our lenders would provide stress for
greater capital, possibly on adverse terms for our shareholders. 

Research and development 

We enter into contracts in the normal course of
business with Consultants and partners that also manufacture breath capture devices under our design specifications as well as gas chromatographers
we use in research, product improvement, and operations. Prepayments under these arrangements can generally be repurposed or the services
themselves cancelable upon prior written notice, though cancellation fees are likely. Payments due upon cancellation consist only of payments
for services provided and expenses incurred up to the date of cancellation. 

32 

Going Concern 

We have suffered recurring losses from operations. The continuation of
our Company as a going concern is dependent upon our Company attaining and maintaining profitable operations and/or raising additional
capital. The financial statements do not include any adjustment relating to the recovery and classification of recorded asset amounts
or the amount and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should our Company discontinue operations. 

The continuation of our business is dependent upon us raising additional
financial support and/or attaining and maintaining profitable levels of internally generated revenue. The issuance of additional equity
securities by us could result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans,
assuming those loans would be available, will increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. 

Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our president (also our principal
executive officer) and our secretary, treasurer and chief financial officer (also our principal financial and accounting officer) to allow
for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As of September 30, 2024, the end of the third quarter covered by the comparative
information of this prospectus, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our president (also
our principal executive officer) who acts as our secretary, treasurer and chief financial officer (also our principal financial and accounting
officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, our president
(also our principal executive officer) and who is also our secretary, treasurer and chief financial officer (also our principal financial
and accounting officer) concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in providing reasonable assurance in
the reliability of our financial reports as of the end of the period. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

Per SEC regulations, we are
required to disclose our off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, such as changes in financial condition, revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital
resources that are material to investors. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Environmental 

Not applicable. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

The foregoing discussion
and analysis, as well as certain information contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, contain forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, and are intended to be covered
by the safe harbor created thereby. See the discussion in Forward-Looking Statements in Item 1., Business. 

33 

Accounting Developments 

We have reviewed all the
recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and do not believe any of these pronouncements will have a material
impact on our financial statements. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

A summary of our significant
accounting policies is detailed in Note 3 to the Financial Statements. We have outlined below those policies identified as being
critical to the understanding of our business and results of operations and that require the application of significant management judgment.
All companies are required to include a discussion of critical accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of their financial
statements. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our critical accounting policies and estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form our basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Carrying Value of Long-Lived
Assets 

The recoverability of the
carrying values of mineral properties is dependent upon economic reserves being discovered or developed on the properties, permitting,
financing, start-up, and commercial production from, or the sale/lease of, or other strategic transactions related to these properties.
Development and/or start-up of a project will depend on, among other things, management s ability to raise sufficient capital for
these purposes. We assess the carrying cost of our mineral properties for impairment whenever information or circumstances indicate the
potential for impairment. This would include events and circumstances such as our inability to obtain all the necessary permits, changes
in the legal status of our mineral properties, government actions, the results of exploration activities and technical evaluations and
changes in economic conditions, including the price of commodities or input prices. Such evaluations compare estimated future net cash
flows with our carrying costs and future obligations on an undiscounted basis. If it is determined that the estimated future undiscounted
cash flows are less than the carrying value of the property, an impairment loss will be recorded. Where estimates of future net cash flows
are not determinable and where other conditions indicate the potential for impairment, management uses available market information and/or
third-party valuation experts to assess if the carrying value can be recovered and to estimate fair value. 

We review and evaluate our
long-lived assets, other than mineral properties, for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying
amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is measured and recorded based on the estimated fair value of the long-lived assets
being tested for impairment and their carrying amounts. 

Income Taxes 

We account for income taxes
using the liability method, recognizing certain temporary differences between the financial reporting basis of our liabilities and assets
and the related income tax basis for such liabilities and assets. This method generates a net deferred income tax liability or asset,
as measured by the statutory tax rates in effect. We derive our deferred income tax expense or benefit by recording the change in the
net deferred income tax liability or asset balance for the year. With respect to the earnings we derive from the operations of our subsidiaries,
in those situations where the earnings are indefinitely reinvested, no deferred taxes have been provided on the unremitted earnings (including
the excess of the carrying value of the net equity of such entities for financial reporting purposes over the tax basis of such equity)
of our subsidiaries. 

34 

We are subject to reviews
of our income tax filings and other tax payments, and disputes can arise with the taxing authorities over the interpretation of its contracts
or laws. We recognize and record potential tax liabilities and record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the U.S. and
other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. We adjust these reserves
in light of changing facts and circumstances; however, due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may
result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate. If our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be different
than the ultimate assessment, an additional expense or benefit would result. We recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized
tax benefits in Income tax benefit (expense). In certain jurisdictions, we must pay a portion of the disputed amount
to the local government in order to formally appeal the assessment. Such payment is recorded as a receivable if we believe the amount
is ultimately recoverable. 

Valuation of Deferred
Tax Assets 

Our deferred income tax assets
include certain future tax benefits. We record a valuation allowance against any portion of those deferred income tax assets when we believe,
based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax asset will not
be realized. We review the likelihood that we will realize the benefit of our deferred tax assets and therefore the need for valuation
allowances on a quarterly basis, or more frequently if events indicate that a review is required. In determining the requirement for a
valuation allowance, the historical and projected financial results of the legal entity or group recording the net deferred tax asset
is considered, along with all other available positive and negative evidence. 

Other 

The Company has one class
of shares, Common Shares. It has 33,745,491 outstanding shares, with no share options, warrants, and convertible debt options outstanding
as of September 30, 2024. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

As a smaller reporting
company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Our audited financial statements
for the years ended September 30, 2024 and, 2023 appear at the end of this statement on pages F-1 though F-15. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Our management conducted
an evaluation, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer/ principal executive officer and is also our Chief Financial Officer
/ principal financial and accounting officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period
covered by this Form 10-k. Based on that evaluation, we concluded that because of the material weakness and significant
deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of September 30, 2024. 

35 

Management s
Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls
and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive
officer and our chief financial officer (who is acting as our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principle accounting
officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As of September 30, 2024,
the end of the fiscal year covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision of our chief executive officer,
with the participation of our chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and the operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures. The officers concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of the end of the fiscal year covered
by this report due to the material weaknesses described below based on our evaluation: 

(a) Inadequate segregation
of duties and ineffective risk assessment 

(b) Lack of effective oversight
in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures 

(c) Lack of an audit committee 

(d) Lack of well-established
procedures to identify, approve and report related party transactions 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Management is required to assess the expected benefits
and related costs of control procedures. The objectives of internal control include providing management with reasonable, but not absolute,
assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that transactions are executed in accordance
with management s authorization and recorded properly to permit the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Our management has
concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective. 

This annual report does not
include an attestation report of our company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management s report was not subject to attestation by our Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary
rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit our company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Inherent limitations on effectiveness of
controls 

Internal control over financial
reporting has inherent limitations which include but is not limited to the use of independent professionals for advice and guidance, interpretation
of existing and/or changing rules and principles, segregation of management duties, scale of organization, and personnel factors. Internal
control over financial reporting is a process which involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns
resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management
override. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a
timely basis, however these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process and it is possible to design into
the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

36 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act). 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE
REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth certain information
concerning our company s sole officer and director. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Andrew N. Brown 
 
 48 
 
 President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 

Our directors serve until a successor is elected and
qualified. Our officers are elected by the Board of Directors to a term of one (1) year and serve until their successor(s) is duly elected
and qualified, or until they are removed from office. There are no family relationships between our directors. 

Our company believes that all of our directors 
respective educational background, operational and business experience give them the qualifications and skills necessary to serve as directors
and officers, respectively, of our company. 

Certain information regarding the backgrounds of our
officers and directors is set forth below. 

Andrew N. Brown, Chief Executive Officer 

37 

Brown graduated from the University of Vermont in
1998. He moved to New York City to join Investment Manager; Clay Finlay Inc. (later Deutsche Bank), where he worked on a trading floor
and learned the business of finance. In 2003, he moved to Florida where he became a major contributor to Florida Land Partners becoming
the largest subsidiary of National Land Partners in the Country, with over 100M in annual sales. In 2007, he Co-Founded Doorstep Delivery
which he turned into a national brand through organic growth and acquisitions, before merging with BiteSquad.com in 2016 and selling to
WTRH in 2019 in a 321M transaction. 

Mr. Brown is not related
to any Officers or Directors of the Company. There are no related party transactions reportable under Item 5.02 of Form 8-K and Item 404(a)
of Regulation S-K. 

On August 7, 2023, Matthew
Veal appointed Andrew Brown to the Board of Directors. Mr. Veal then resigned from the board, Mr. Brown then assumed the role
of Chairman and CEO. 

On January 4, 2022, Matthew
Veal was engaged as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company. 

Mr. Veal continues to work
as a consultant for the Company. 

CONFLICTS OF INTEREST - GENERAL. 

Our directors and officers
are, or may become, in their individual capacities, officers, directors, controlling shareholder and/or partners of other entities engaged
in a variety of businesses. Thus, there exist potential conflicts of interest including, among other things, time, efforts, and corporation
opportunity, involved in participation with such other business entities. While our sole officer and director of our business is engaged
in business activities outside of our business, he devotes to our business such time as he believes to be necessary. 

CONFLICTS OF INTEREST - CORPORATE
OPPORTUNITIES 

Presently no requirement
contained in our Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, or minutes which require officers and directors of our business to disclose to us
business opportunities which come to their attention. Our officers and directors do, however, have a fiduciary duty of loyalty to us to
disclose to us any business opportunities which come to their attention, in their capacity as an officer and/or director or otherwise.
Excluded from this duty would be opportunities which the person learns about through his involvement as an officer and director of another
company. We have no intention of merging with or acquiring an affiliate, associate person or business opportunity from any affiliate or
any client of any such person. 

Corporate Governance 

The Company promotes accountability
for adherence to honest and ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports
and documents that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and in other public communications
made by the Company; and strives to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. The Company has not formally
adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that governs the Company s employees, officers and Directors as the Company
is not required to do so. 

38 

In lieu of an Audit Committee,
the Company s Board of Directors, is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning the selection of outside auditors,
reviewing the scope, results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company s financial statements and other services provided
by the Company s independent public accountants. The Board of Directors reviews the Company s internal accounting controls,
practices and policies. 

Committees of the Board 

Our Company currently does
not have nominating, compensation, audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our Company have a written nominating,
compensation, or audit committee charter. Our sole Director believes that it is not necessary to have such committees at this time, because
the Director(s) can adequately perform the functions of such committees. 

Audit Committee Financial
Expert 

Our Board of Directors has
determined that we do not have a board member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(D)(5)
of Regulation S-K, nor do we have a Board member that qualifies as independent as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B)
of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(14) of the FINRA Rules. 

We believe that our Director(s)
are capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting.
The Director(s) of our Company does not believe that it is necessary to have an audit committee because management believes that the Board
of Directors can adequately perform the functions of an audit committee. In addition, we believe that retaining an independent Director
who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted
in our circumstances given the stage of our development and the fact that we have not generated any positive cash flows from operations
to date. 

Involvement in Certain Legal
Proceedings 

To our knowledge, during
the last ten years, none of our directors and executive officers has: 

1. 
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such
 person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; any
 Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed
 by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years
 before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within
 two years before the time of such filing except that Mr. Veal for filed bankruptcy protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy
 Code in the Middle District of Florida with all matters discharged in 2019; 

2. 
 any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending
 criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. 
 being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed,
 suspended, or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise
 limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or 

4. 
 being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action),
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and
 the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

5. 
 Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil
 action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding
 by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

39 

6. 
 Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil
 action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil
 action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

7. 
 Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State
 judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged
 violation of:(i) Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or(ii) Any law or regulation respecting financial
 institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or
 restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or(iii) Any law
 or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

8. 
 Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order,
 not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange
 Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))),
 or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated
 with a member. 

Independence of Directors 

We are not required to have
independent members of our Board of Directors, and do not anticipate having independent Directors until such time as we are required to
do so. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not adopted a formal
Code of Ethics. The Board of Directors evaluated the business of the Company and the number of employees and determined that since the
business is operated by a small number of persons, general rules of fiduciary duty and federal and state criminal, business conduct and
securities laws are adequate ethical guidelines. In the event our operations, employees and/or Directors expand in the future, we may
take actions to adopt a formal Code of Ethics. 

Shareholder Proposals 

Our Company does not have
any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for Directors. The Board of Directors
believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our
business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our Company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election
of nominees to the Board of Directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The Board of
Directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment. 

A shareholder who wishes
to communicate with our Board of Directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our Chief Executive Officer, at the address
appearing on the first page of this report. 

Significant Consultant 

We have retained the consulting services of Dr. Lindsay Starkey under the
terms of a consulting agreement entered into August 31, 2024, for services. See Advisory Board. 

40 

Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

Our board of directors (currently consisting of one member) also acts as
the audit committee and has determined that it does not have a member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. We currently have no independent directors as the term is used in Item
7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

We believe that our board of directors is capable of analyzing and evaluating
our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. We believe that retaining additional
independent directors who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome and
is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development and the fact that we have not generated any material revenues
to date. In addition, we currently do not have nominating, compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions
nor do we have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our directors do not believe that it is necessary to have
such committees because they believe the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by the members of our board of directors. 

Stockholder Communications with Our Board of Directors 

Our company welcomes comments and questions from our stockholders. Stockholders
should direct all communications to our President, Andrew N. Brown, at our executive offices. However, while we appreciate all comments
from stockholders, we may not be able to respond individually to all communications. We attempt to address stockholder questions and concerns
in our press releases and documents filed with OTC Markets, so that all stockholders have access to information about us at the same time.
Mr. Brown collects and evaluates all stockholder communications. All communications addressed to our directors and executive officers
will be reviewed by those parties unless the communication is clearly frivolous. 

Code of Ethics 

Our Board of Directors has not adopted a Code of Ethics. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Executive compensation during
the years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, was as follows: 

There are no formal written employment arrangements
in place. We do not have any agreements or understandings that would change the terms of compensation during the course of a year. 

As of the date of this Annual report, there are no annuity, pension or
retirement benefits proposed to be paid to officers, directors or employees of our company, pursuant to any presently existing plan provided
by, or contributed to, our company. 

Compensation Summary 

The following table summarizes information concerning the compensation
awarded, paid to or earned by our executive officers. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year Ended 9/30 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compen- sation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Andrew N. Brown (1) 
 2023 

22,000 
 22,000 
 
 President 
 2024 

2,805 

24,750 
 27,555 
 
 Matthew Veal (2) 
 2023 

13,850 
 13,850 
 
 Former President 
 2024 

102 

3,450 
 3,552 

(1) 
 
 Mr. Brown was awarded 1,650,000 shares for services, valued
at 2,805 based on the market value of .0017 during the year ended September 30, 2024. 

(2) 
 Mr. Veal was awarded 60,000 shares, valued at 102 based
 on the market value of .0017 during the year ended September 30, 2024. 

41 

Outstanding Option Awards 

The following table provides certain information regarding unexercised
options to purchase common stock, stock options that have not vested and equity-incentive plan awards outstanding as of the date of this
Annual report, for each named executive officer. 

Option Awards 
 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#)
Unexercisable 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised
Unearned Options (#) 
 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights
That Have Not Vested (#) 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units
or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) 
 
 Andrew N. Brown 

N/A 
 
 N/A 

Summary of Compensation 

Stock Option Grants 

We have not granted any stock
options to our executive officers since our incorporation. 

Employment Agreements 

We do not have a formal employment
or consulting agreement with any officers or Directors. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

During the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our Board of Directors
made no equity awards and no such award is pending. 

Long-Term Incentive Plans 

We currently have no long-term incentive plans. 

Director Compensation 

Our directors receive no compensation for their serving as directors of
our company. 

42 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

Director Compensation 

Our Board of Directors does
not currently receive any consideration for their services as members of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors reserves the right
in the future to award the members of the Board of Directors cash or stock-based consideration for their services to the Company, which
awards, if granted shall be in the sole determination of the Board of Directors. 

Executive Compensation
Philosophy 

Our Board of Directors determines
the compensation given to our executive officers in their sole determination. Our Board of Directors reserves the right to pay our executive
or any future executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock issued in consideration for services rendered and/or to award
incentive bonuses which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer s performance. This package
may also include long-term stock-based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance of our executives
with our long-term business strategies. Additionally, while our Board of Directors has not granted any performance base stock options
to date, the Board of Directors reserves the right to grant such options in the future, if the Board in its sole determination believes
such grants would be in the best interests of the Company. 

Incentive Bonus 

The Board of Directors may
grant incentive bonuses to our executive officer and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if the Board of Directors believes
such bonuses are in the Company s best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives and growth, if any, and the amount
of revenue we are able to generate each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and ability of such executives. 

Long-term, Stock Based
Compensation 

In order to attract, retain
and motivate executive talent necessary to support the Company s long-term business strategy we may award our executive and any
future executives with long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, in the sole discretion of our Board of Directors, which we do
not currently have any immediate plans to award. 

Item 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth, as of the date of this Annual report, information
regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock by the following: (a) each person, or group of affiliated persons, known by our company
to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of any class of our voting securities; (b) each of our directors; (c) each of the
named executive officers; and (d) all directors and executive officers as a group. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with
the rules of the SEC, based on voting or investment power with respect to the securities. In computing the number of shares beneficially
owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, shares of common stock underlying convertible instruments, if any, held
by that person are deemed to be outstanding if the convertible instrument is exercisable within 60 days of the date hereof. Unless otherwise
indicated, the address of each listed person is in care of our company, 149 James Place, Orlando, Florida 32751. 

43 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (5) 
 Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Common Stock Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned 
 Total Voting Percentage Beneficially Owned (1) 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors 

Andrew Brown, Chief Executive Officer and Director (3) 
 9,117,970 
 25.156 
 25.156 
 
 All directors and officers as a group 
 9,117,970 
 25.156 
 25.156 
 
 Jeffrey Conley 
 3,040,186 
 8.388 
 8.388 
 
 David AB Brown (2) 
 6,025,612 
 16.624 
 16.624 
 
 Vikki C. Cook 
 3,567,330 
 9.842 
 9.842 

(1) Applicable percentage of ownership is based on 36,245,491 shares of common stock outstanding
and 0 shares of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding on December 20, 2024. Percentage totals are calculated separately based on each
class of capital stock. Percentage ownership is determined based on shares owned together with securities exercisable or convertible into
shares of common stock within 60 days of December 20, 2024, for each stockholder. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with
the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject to securities
exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December 20, 2024,
are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of
such person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

(2) Shares held by David A B Brown, Roth, 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan. 

(3) Andrew Brown has voting
and dispositive power over the shares held by Money Tree Solutions, LLC. 

 (4) Unless otherwise noted,
the address of each shareholder is c/o Global Innovative Platforms Inc., 149 James Place, Maitland, FL 32751 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Directors and Officers Remuneration 

During the years ended from
September 30, 2024 and 2023 we paid compensation of 35,850 and 31,107 for our directors and officers. 

The Company s executive office is located
at 149 James Place Maitland, FL 32751. This office is furnished to the Company by its CEO at no charge. 

 In August, 2023, Mr. Andrew Brown was appointed the Company s sole
officer and director in place of Mr. Matthew Veal. During the year ended September 30, 2024, Mr. Brown acquired 6,682,679 shares for 668.27.
Mr. Brown has also acquired 1,650,000 shares for services during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024. 

44 

Matthew Veal, Former Sole Officer and Director 

During the year ended September 30, 2024, Matthew Veal, our former sole
officer and director, is also director and officer, acquired 606,689 shares for 60.69. Mr. Veal has also acquired 60,000 shares for services
during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024. 

Related Party Loan 

During
the year ended September 30, 3024, the Company raised 26,000 from related party advances and sold 60,903 of common stock and 75 of
stock subscriptions. We also converted 311,363 of related party advances into common stock. During the year ended September 30, 2023 ,
we received 50,000, 125,000, and 10,903 by way of loan from three principal shareholders. 

Stock
Options 

We
currently do not have an incentive stock option plan, and no stock options were issued or outstanding during the years ending September
30, 2024 and 2023 nor as of the date of this filing. 

Director Independence 

We currently act with one director, consisting of Andrew N. Brown. We have
determined that Mr. Brown is not an independent director as defined in NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15). 

Currently our audit committee consists of all members of our board of directors.
We currently do not have nominating, compensation committees or committees performing similar functions. There has not been any defined
policy or procedure requirements for stockholders to submit recommendations or nomination for directors. 

Our board of directors has determined that it does not have a member of
its audit committee who qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii)
of Regulation S-K. 

From inception to present date, we believe that the members of our audit
committee and the board of directors have been and are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding
internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. 

We do not have a standing compensation or nominating committee. We believe
that our directors are capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures
for financial reporting. Our directors do not believe that it is necessary to have an audit committee because we believe that the functions
of an audit committee can be adequately performed by the board of directors. In addition, we believe that retaining additional independent
directors who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted
in our circumstances given the early stages of our development. 

45 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

On December 30, 2020, we
appointed M.S. Madhava Rao Mankal, as our independent auditor. 

Below is the aggregate amount
of fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal accountants with respect to our last two fiscal years. 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Audit fees 
 10,500 
 9,000 
 
 All other fees 

Total 
 10,500 
 9,000 

All of the professional services
rendered by principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements that are normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for last two fiscal years were approved by our board of directors. 

There have been no disagreements
with the independent registered public accounting firm regarding accounting and financial disclosure. 

PART IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

1(a) Financial Statements 

1. Financial statements
for our company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document 

2. All financial
statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements
or notes thereto. 

46 

Exhibit Index 

Copies of the following documents are included
as exhibits to this annual report. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Title
 of Document 

3.1 
 
 Certification
 of Incorporation - Delaware Canning Street Corporation .9.15.20 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws 

3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation - 10.23.20 

3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation dated May 10, 2021 (3) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Correction dated May 11, 2021 (3) 

4.1 
 
 Description
 of Securities (4) 

10.1 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger and Reorganization into Holding Company Structure 

10.2 
 
 Stock
 Purchase Agreement dated March 31, 2021 (2) 

10.3 

Patent and Know-How License Agreement between Global Innovative Platforms Inc. and Defiant Technologies Inc. dated August 18, 2023 (5) 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of the Company s Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
 with respect to the registrant s report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024. 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of the Company s Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document (3) 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema (3) 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase (3) 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase (3) 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase (3) 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase (3) 

Filed herewith. 

(1) Incorporated
by reference from the exhibits included in the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 dated December 28, 2020. 

(2) Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K
dated April 2, 2021. 

(3) Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K
dated May 13, 2021. 

(4) Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-K filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on March 21, 2022. 

(5) Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 23, 2023. 

47 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Global Innovative Platforms, Inc. 

(Registrant) 

Name: 
 Andrew Brown 

Signature: 
 /s/ Andrew Brown 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 December 30, 2024 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name: 
 Andrew Brown 

Signature: 
 /s/ Andrew Brown 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 December 30, 2024 

48 

GLOBAL INNOVATIVE
PLATFORMS, INC. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONTENTS 

AUDITED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

COVER
 PAGE 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 F-2 
 
 BALANCE SHEET AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 
 F-4 
 
 STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 
 F-5 
 
 STATEMENT OF CHANGES SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 
 F-6 
 
 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 
 F-7 
 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
The Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Global
Innovative Platforms, Inc. 

 149
James Place., 

 Maitland,
FL 32751 

Opinion
on the financial statements 

 We
audited the accompanying balance sheets of Global Innovative Platforms, Inc. the Company as of September 30, 2024 and
2023, the related statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for years then ended and the related notes (collectively
referred to as financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and cash flows for the years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern	 

 The
Company s financial statements are prepared using the generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which
contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of the liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated
deficit of 537,213 for the year ended September 30, 2024. These factors as discussed in Note 2 of the financial statements raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
of Opinion 

 These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits. we
are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on
the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

F- 2 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

 Critical
audit matters arising from the current period of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosure that are material to the financial statements and (2) involve especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on
the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit below, providing separate opinions on
the critical audit matters or the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Related
party transactions. 

 As
discussed in Note 8 of the financial statement, the Company converted all the borrowed amounts from related parties during the year ended
September 30, 2024. The procedure performed to address the matter included entries recorded in the books in line with GAAP and verifying
Agreements. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

, Chartered Accountant 

December 30, 2024 

F- 3 

GLOBAL INNOVATIVE
PLATFORMS, INC. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Total current assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts Payable 

Loan Payable Related Party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, issued or outstanding 

Common Stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Additional Paid in Capital 

Stock Subscriptions 

Retained Earnings (Deficit) 

() 

() 
 
 Total Equity 

() 

() 

TOTAL LIABILITIES EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements 

F- 4 

GLOBAL INNOVATIVE
PLATFORMS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

REVENUE 

EXPENSES 

General and administrative expenses 

Total Expenses 

OPERATING LOSS 

() 

() 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Total Other Income (Expense) 

INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE TAXES 

() 

() 

TAXES 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

() 

() 

Net Income (Loss) per Common Share: Basic and Diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding: Basic and Diluted 

F- 5 

GLOBAL INNOVATIVE PLATFORMS,
INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Common Shares 

Additional 
 
 Retained 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Stock Subscriptions 
 
 Paid-In Capital 
 
 (Deficit) Earnings 
 
 Total 

Balance at September 30, 2022 

() 

() 

Stock Subscriptions 

Net profit (loss) for the period 

() 

() 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

() 

() 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

() 

() 

Stock issued to founders for subscriptions 

() 

Stock Subscriptions 

Stock issued for cash 

Stock issued in settlement of obligations 

Noncash expenses paid with the issuance of common Stock 

Stock issued to founders for cash at par value 

Net loss for the period 

() 

() 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

() 

() 

F- 6 

GLOBAL INNOVATIVE PLATFORMS,
INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOW 

For
 the Year Ended September 30, 2024 
 For
 the Year Ended September 30, 2023 

Cash
 Flow from Operating Activities: 

Net
 Income (loss) 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Noncash
 Expenses 

Changes
 in working capital items: 

Accounts
 payable 

Accruals
 related party 

Net
 Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Net
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Net
 Cash Flow from Investing Activities 

Net
 Cash Flow from Financing Activities 

Advances
 under loan payable - related party loans 

Issuance
 of Stock for Cash 

Stock
 subscriptions 

Net
 Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net
 Change in Cash: 

Beginning
 Cash: 

Ending
 Cash: 

Supplemental
 Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash
 paid for interest 

Cash
 paid for tax 

NOTE:
 THE CUMULATIVE AMOUNTS OF CASH FLOWS FROM THE COMPANY S INCEPTION TO DATE ARE AS FOLLOWS: 

Net
 Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Net
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Net
 Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

SUPPLEMENTARY
 DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

CONVERSION
 OF RELATED PARTY ADVANCES TO COMMON STOCK 

F- 7 

GLOBAL INNOVATIVE
PLATFORMS, INC. 

 NOTES TO AUDITED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

AAWC.,
the surviving company of the merger with Alexandria Advantage Delaware, became a wholly owned subsidiary of GIP, the holding company. 

GIP became
the parent holding company resulting under the Agreement, pursuant to Delaware General Corporation Law section 251(g), with its wholly
owned subsidiary company, AAWC, the surviving company of the merger with Alexandria Advantage Delaware. 

As a result
of the Holding Company Reorganization, shareholders in publicly quoted Alexandria Advantage Delaware, formerly the shareholders of Alexandria
Advantage Colorado as of the date of the reorganization, became shareholders in the publicly quoted GIP. 

AAWC,
being the direct successor by the merger with Alexandria Advantage Delaware, became a subsidiary company of GIP. 

The Holding
Company Reorganization has been accounted for so as to reflect the fact that both AAWC and GIP were under common control at the date of
the Holding Company Reorganization, similar to a reverse acquisition of AAWC by GIP 

Disposal
of AAWC Corporation. 

Effective
September 30, 2020, GIP disposed of of the issued share capital of its sole subsidiary company, AAWC Corporation., to an unrelated
third party for a payment made to the purchaser to assume ownership of the subsidiary company with outstanding liabilities. 

Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic 

We
have not commenced operations as yet and consequently have not been directly impacted by the Covid-19 outbreak at this time. However,
the detrimental effect of the Covid-19 outbreak on the economy as a whole may have a detrimental impact on our ability to raise funding
and identify an entity to merge with for the foreseeable future. We are unable to predict with any certainty the ultimate impact Covid-19
outbreak on our plans at this time. 

and as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities
that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise
additional debt or equity funding to meet our ongoing operating expenses and ultimately in merging with another entity with experienced
management and profitable operations. No assurances can be given that we will be successful in achieving these objectives. 

and , respectively. 

Our financial instruments consist of our accounts
payable, accrued expenses - related party and loan payable related party. The carrying amount of our prepaid accounts payable,
accrued expenses- related parties and loan payable related party approximates their fair values because of the short-term maturities
of these instruments. 

fixed assets as of September
30, 2024 or 2023. 

t recognize any revenue. 

advertising costs were incurred for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Founder Shares
Valuation 

Founder shares
have been issued for cash and services at a nominal value of 0.001 per share, reflecting the early stage of the company s development
and the uncertainty surrounding its future valuation. This valuation is based on the founders contributions to the company s
intellectual property and market potential at the time of issuance. 

potentially
dilutive debt or equity instruments were issued or outstanding for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

shares
of common stock, par value per share, including which was issued to related parties for an aggregate consideration
of . The Company also issued shares of our common stock on September 27, 2024 for an aggregate consideration of . 

On July 10, 2024,
the Company issued shares of our common stock, par value of per share, which included shares to related parties
in exchange for services of , including office space, secretarial and administrative services provided by members of the Company s
founding team. 

As of September 28, 2024, the Company issued
 shares of our common stock, par value of per share including shares to related parties in exchange for
services of including office space, secretarial and administrative services provided by members of the Company s management
and founding team. 

Three
Shareholders advanced us , , and for the year ended September 30, 2023 and an additional , for the year ending
September 30, 2024. On September 27, 2024, the Company converted of debt into shares of our common stock that included
these balances plus prior year amounts with an aggregate total of , which were converted to shares of our common. 

shares. The contract obligated us to an upfront payment of 
 which was expensed in the year ended September 30, 2023 and we paid 
 under this arrangement during the year ended September 30, 2024. 

to , a general elimination of U.S. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries, net operating
loss deduction limitations, a base erosion, anti-tax abuse tax and a deduction for foreign-derived intangible income and a new provision
designed to tax global intangible low-taxed income. 

We did
not provide any current or deferred US federal income tax provision or benefit for any for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
as, after adjusting for the non-taxable gain on the sale of our subsidiary company, we incurred tax losses during the period. When it
is more likely than not that a tax asset cannot be realized through future income, we must record an allowance against any future potential
future tax benefit. We have provided a full valuation allowance against the net deferred tax asset, consisting of net operating loss carry
forwards, because management has determined that it is more likely than not that we will not earn income sufficient to realize the deferred
tax assets during the carry forward periods. 

The Company
has not taken a tax position that, if challenged, would have a material effect on the financial statements for the years ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 as defined under ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes. We did not recognize any adjustment to the
liability for uncertain tax position and therefore did not record any adjustment to the beginning balance of the accumulated deficit on
the balance sheet. 

The provision
for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before provision for income
taxes. 

 The sources and tax effects of the differences
for the periods presented are as follows: 

State Income Taxes 

Change in Valuation Allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Effective Income Tax Rate 

A reconciliation
of the income taxes computed at the statutory rate is as follows: 

Increase
 in valuation allowance 

Net
 deferred tax assets 

As of
September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had a federal net operating loss carryforward of approximately and . 

 The federal
net operating loss carryforwards do not expire but may only be used against taxable income to 80 . In response to the novel coronavirus
COVID-19, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act temporarily repealed the 80 limitation for NOLs arising in tax years
2019 and 2020. No tax benefit has been reported in the financial statements. The annual offset of this carryforward loss against any future
taxable profits may be limited under the provisions of Internal Revenue Code Section 381 upon any future change(s) in control of the Company. 

The Company s
income tax returns for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are currently open to audit by federal and state jurisdictions. 

 Further, in consideration
of the rights and licenses granted under the License Agreement, the Company is required to pay Defiant a royalty of 3 of net sales of
all Licensed Products in the field of use throughout the world during the term of the License Agreement. We have paid 17,600 to date
under this agreement. 

 shares
of preferred stock with a par value of . 

 No shares
of preferred stock were issued and outstanding as of September 15, 2020 (Inception), the effective date of the Holding Company Reorganization,
and shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

 No series
of preferred stock or rights for preferred stock had been designated at September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 

 Common
Stock 

 As of
September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, we were authorized to issue shares of common stock with a par value
of . 

As of
September 15, 2020, the effective date of the reverse recapitalization, split
adjusted shares of common stock were issued and outstanding in our predecessor company with a reverse split adjusted total (see below)
par value of and
negative balance of additional paid in capital totaling ),
and at March 1, 2021 had donated capital of . 

On October 23, 2023, the Company issued shares
of common stock, par value per share, including which was issued to related parties for an aggregate consideration
of . The Company also issued shares of our common stock on September 27, 2024 for an aggregate consideration of . 

On July 10, 2024, the Company
issued shares of our common stock, par value of per share, which included shares to related parties in exchange
for services of , including office space, secretarial and administrative services provided by members of the Company s founding
team. 

As of September 28, 2024, the Company issued
 shares of our common stock, par value of per share including shares to related parties in exchange for
services of including office space, secretarial and administrative services provided by members of the Company s management
and founding team. 

Three
Shareholders advanced us ,
 ,
and 
for the year ended September 30, 2023 and an additional ,
for the year ending September 30, 2024. On September 27, 2024, the Company converted 
of debt into 
shares of our common stock that included these balances plus prior year amounts with an aggregate total of ,
which were converted to 
shares of our common stock . 

As of September
30, 2024 and 2023, and shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

 Warrants 

 warrants
were issued or outstanding during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

 Stock
Options 

 We currently have no stock
option plan. 

 stock
options were issued or outstanding during the year ended September 30, 2024 or for the year ended September 30, 2023. 

 shares of the Company s common stock at a price per share of for an aggregate purchase price of
 . The closing occurred on October 3, 2024. The offer, sale and issuance of the above securities
was made to accredited investors, and the Company relied upon the exemptions contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated there under with regard to the sale. No advertising or general solicitation was
employed in offering the securities. The offer and sales were made to an accredited investor and transfer of the common stock will be
restricted by the Company in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

F-16 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e6234_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Andrew Brown, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Global Innovative
Platforms, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant)
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: December
 30, 2024 
 /s/
 Andrew Brown 

Andrew Brown 

Chief Executive Officer
 and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 e6234_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Global Innovative
Platforms, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Andrew Brown, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 30, 2024 
 /s/ Andrew Brown 

Andrew Brown 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 cstc-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 cstc-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 cstc-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 cstc-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

