<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-K_edgar_data_1823635_0001493152-24-044128.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9492364</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>233900</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3693289</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2525468</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1238907</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1589480</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-044128.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108060555
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-044128
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CXJ GROUP CO., Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001823635
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				852041913
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56425
		FILM NUMBER:		241437832

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3004-2, 532 XI ZI INTERNATIONAL CENTER
		STREET 2:		JING GAN DISTRICT
		CITY:			HANGZHOU CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			310016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8618668175727

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3004-2, 532 XI ZI INTERNATIONAL CENTER
		STREET 2:		JING GAN DISTRICT
		CITY:			HANGZHOU CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			310016

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-044128.txt : 20241108

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal years ended , and 2023 (as restated) 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________to ____________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 Number) 

(Address
of principal executive office and zip code) 

, 

 , 

 , , 

 Zhejiang
Province, . 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes
 No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was approximately , computed by reference
to the price at which the common equity was last sold, as of September 2, 2024. 

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS: 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Class 
 Outstanding
 as at August 16, 2024 

Common
 Stock, par value 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Cautionary
 Notes Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 

PART
 I 

ITEM
 1 
 Business 
 4 
 
 ITEM
 1A 
 Risk
 Factors 
 11 
 
 ITEM
 1B 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 35 
 
 ITEM
 2 
 Properties 
 35 
 
 ITEM
 3 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 35 
 
 ITEM
 4 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 35 

PART
 II 

ITEM
 5 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 36 
 
 ITEM
 6 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 36 
 
 ITEM
 7 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 
 ITEM
 7A 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 39 
 
 ITEM
 8 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 39 
 
 ITEM
 9 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 39 
 
 ITEM
 9A 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 40 
 
 ITEM
 9B 
 Other
 Information 
 41 

PART
 III 

ITEM
 10 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 42 
 
 ITEM
 11 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 44 
 
 ITEM
 12 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 45 
 
 ITEM
 13 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 46 
 
 ITEM
 14 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 47 

PART
 IV 

ITEM
 15 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 47 
 
 ITEM
 16 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 48 

2 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE 

Unless
the context requires otherwise, references to Company, ECXJ, we, us and our 
are to CXJ Group Co., Limited . 

CAUTIONARY
NOTES REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
annual report on Form 10-K Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on current expectations,
estimates and projections. We may use words such as anticipate, expect, intend, plan, 
 believe, foresee, estimate and variations of these words and similar expressions to identify
forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties
and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially
from those expressed or forecasted. These risks and uncertainties include the following: 

the
 availability and adequacy of working capital to meet our requirements; 

the
 consummation of any potential acquisitions; 

actions
 taken or omitted to be taken by legislative, regulatory, judicial and other governmental authorities; 

changes
 in our business strategy or development plans; 

our
 ability to continue as a going concern; 

the
 availability of additional capital to support capital improvements and development; 

our
 ability to address and as necessary adapt to changes in foreign, cultural, economic, political and financial market conditions which
 could impair our future operations and financial performance (including, without limitation, the changes resulting from the global
 novel coronavirus outbreak of 2019-2021 in China and around the world); 

other
 risks identified in this report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and 

the
 availability of new business opportunities. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K should be read completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different
from what we expect. The forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made as of the date of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K and should be evaluated with consideration of any changes occurring after the date of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. We will not update forward-looking statements even though our situation may change in the future and we assume no obligation to
update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context hereof, references in this report to Company, ECXJ, we, 
 us and our are to CXJ Group Co., Limited. All references to USD or U.S. Dollars (US are to
the legal currency of the United States of America. All references to RMB are to the legal currency of People s Republic
of China. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

We
are an automobile aftermarket products wholesaler, as well as an auto detailing store consultancy company. Our business mainly divided
into three sectors, namely sales of automobile aftermarket products, authorization fee on our brand name Chejiangling / Teenage
Hero Car and provision of auto detailing store consultancy services. 

We
provide consultancy services to our customers, who are auto detailing store owners or persons who are going to start the stores. Our
customer will use our brand name Chejiangling / Teenage Hero Car for their auto detailing stores. We will provide professional
training and guidelines to our customers for standardizing their stores, in terms of their products and services, store decorations,
operating procedures, etc. We will also provide training to the store employees to ensure they provide standardize and professional services
to the end customers. We have also developed an enterprise resource planning system (ERP) for our customers. The ERP system can allow
information management (from both PC and mobile device) and daily operation of the stores, increasing the efficiency of store management. 

Our
customer can sell our star product, NOVATE, a fully synthetic motor oil, and Ksoncar or X-Line, an automobile exhaust cleaner, in their
auto detailing stores. With our star product and the brand name effect, end customers will be attracted to visit our customers 
store and enjoy other professional services provided by our customers, including automobile detailing services, automobile engine system
maintenance, air conditioning system cleaning and maintenance, braking system maintenance and transmission system maintenance. More information
can be found in the sections of Sale and services and Customer . 

All
our customers auto detailing stores are located within three kilometers or 10 minutes drives from the residential area, we target
our brand Chejiangling / Teenage Hero Car can become popular and recognized as neighbor auto detailing stores . 

As
of May 31, 2024, more than 160 active franchise auto detailing stores use our brand name, the store network has reached 23 provinces
and 132 cities in China. We aim to increase 1,000 stores with our customers across China in the next five years. 

Corporate
History and Structure 

CXJ
Group Co., Limited we , us , the the Company or ECXJ was originally incorporated
in State of Nevada on August 20, 1998 under the name Global II, Inc and underwent several name changes prior to its current name. Until
August 2019, the Company was known as Global Entertainment Corp., which was a dormant company. 

On
March 04, 2019, the eight judicial District Court of Nevada appointed Custodian Ventures, LLC as custodian for the Company, proper notice
having been given to the officers and directors of Global Entertainment Corporation. There was no opposition. 

On
June 18, 2019, control of the Company was transferred by the entity controlled by Custodian Ventures, LLC to Xinrui Wang, our director,
by selling him 10,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred stock and 17,700,000 shares of common stock for a purchase price of 175,000. 

On
June 21, 2019, Lixin Cai was appointed act as the new President, CEO, Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company.
On June 21, 2019, Cuiyao Luo was appointed act as the new CFO, Treasurer and Member of the Board of Directors of the Company. On September
30, 2019, the Company appointed three more members to the Board of Directors of the Company, and they are Xinrui Wang, Wenbin Mao and
Baiwan Niu. 

4 

Effective
July 9, 2019 we changed our name from Global Entertainment Corp to CXJ Group Co., Limited. On July 12, 2019, the Company effectuated
a 1 for 200 reverse stock split, while the authorized shares of common stock and preferred shares totally had been increased to 500,000,000.
As a result of the foregoing we changed our trading symbol from GNTP and began trading as ECXJ on August 5, 2019. 

On
October 4, 2019, Xinrui Wang (the Seller ), entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement to pursuant to which the Seller agreed
to sell to Wenbin Mao and Baiwan Niu (the Purchasers ), totaling 1,500,000 preferred stock of the Company Shares owned by the Seller, for an amount of 1,500. On October 8, 2019, Xinrui Wang, Wenbin Mao and Baiwan Niu effectuated a 1 for 10 conversion
to convert all their preferred stock totaling 10,000,000 to 100,000,000 common shares. As a result of the conversion, there was no preferred
stock outstanding of the Company as of October 8, 2019. 

On
May 28, 2020, we consummated the transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement among the Company, CXJ Investment Group Company
Limited, a British Virgin Islands Corporation CXJ and the shareholder of CXJ, pursuant to which we acquired all the ordinary
shares of CXJ in exchange for the issuance to the shareholder of CXJ of an aggregate of 1,364,800 shares of the Company. The shareholder
is the selling security holder in this prospectus and are all affiliates. As a result of the transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange,
CXJ became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Effective
May 13, 2022, we have appointed Messrs. Tianbing Yang and Rudong Shi as members of our Board of Directors. 

On
June 14, 2022, the Company completed the issuance and sales of an aggregate of 223,500 shares at a price of 0.66 per shares with each
share consisting of one share of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock in a private
placement to Minggang Qian (the Purchaser ), pursuant to the Subscription Agreement dated as of June 9, 2022 between the
Company and the Purchaser. The net proceeds to the Company amounted to 147,510. The 147,510 in proceeds went directly to the Company
as working capital. 

On
July 15, 2022, Mr. Wenbin Mao, Mr. Baiwan Niu, Mr. Tianbing Yang and Ms. Cuiyao Luo tendered their resignation for personal reasons and
resigned as members of the Board of the Company effective from 28 July, 2022. The Board accepted the resignation of Mr. Wenbin Mao, Mr.
Baiwan Niu, Mr. Tianbing Yang and Ms. Cuiyao Luo , and expressed sincere gratitude for their service term as a member of the Board. 

On
August 1, 2023, CXJ Technology (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd, a Chinese corporation and a subsidiary of the Company signed an equity transfer agreement
(the Agreement with Mr. Qing Wang. Under this agreement, the Company will dispose 51 equity of Xishijie Automobile Industry
Ecology Technology Co., Ltd (formerly known as Shenzhen Lanbei Ecological Technology Co., Ltd), a Chinese company Xishijie with a purchase price of RMB 1 yuan. After this Agreement comes into force, Xishijie Automobile Industry Ecology Technology Co., Ltd
will no longer the subsidiary of CXJ Group Co., Ltd. 

On
August 14, 2023, the Board approved the appointment of Zhen Hui Certified Public Accountant Zhen Hui as the Company s
new independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2022 and May 31, 2023 effective immediately. 

On
May 3, 2024, the Board approved the resignation of Zhen Hui as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm with
immediate effective. 

On
May 3, 2024, the Board approved the appointment of J S Associate PLT J S as the Company s new independent
registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2024 effective immediately. 

On
September 1, 2024, the Company entered the Subscription Agreement with Zhongxin Lei (the Purchaser to issue and sales
of an aggregate of 160,000 shares at a price of 0.657 per shares with each share consisting of one share of the Company s common
stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ). The net proceeds to the Company amounted to 105,128 and went directly
to the Company as working capital. 

5 

On
September 1, 2024, the Company entered the Subscription Agreement with Shiguo Wang (the Purchaser to issue and sales of
an aggregate of 200,000 shares at a price of 0.675 per shares with each share consisting of one share of the Company s common
stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ). The net proceeds to the Company amounted to 135,000 and went directly
to the Company as working capital. 

On
September 2, 2024, the Company entered the Subscription Agreement with Shiguo Wang (the Purchaser to issue and sales of
an aggregate of 200,000 shares at a price of 0.648 per shares with each share consisting of one share of the Company s common
stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ). The net proceeds to the Company amounted to 129,600 and went directly
to the Company as working capital. 

ECXJ,
through its wholly owned subsidiary, CXJ and its subsidiaries and the VIE own and operate an active automobiles products trading and
services business in the People s Republic of China. 

The
following diagram illustrates our corporate structure as of the date of this Annual Report. 

6 

Recent
Developments 

Business
Plan 

Our
business plan is to extend our market share through acquiring quality businesses in the Automotive aftermarket industries, in order to
increase our customer base and supply channels, as well as to acquire more skilled employees and business connections in the industries.
We plan to further develop our online and offline marketing platform and internal enterprise resource planning system (ERP) by engaging
an external IT company during 2024. 

We
consider the following factors when evaluating quality acquisition targets: (i) costs involved in an acquisition; (ii) financial performance
of the target; (iii) the reputation of the target in its industry; (iv) the target s existing customer base; (v) the target s
supplier network; (vi) the expertise and experience of the target s management and employees; and (vii) the inventory condition
of the target. 

Our
management believes that successful acquisitions will bring synergies to our business and enhance our shareholders value. 

Our
Strategies: 

We
 plan to diversify our existing product portfolio strategically, and thereby provide our customers with a wider range of choices and
 broaden our existing customer base. 

We
 plan to continue to solidify our relationships with our existing suppliers as well as identifying new suppliers. 

We
 plan to strengthen our corporate image by increasing marketing and promotion efforts. 

We
 plan to attract, motivate and retain high-quality talent. 

We
 will continue to expand and explore additional services and products to enrich our one-stop services to our customers. 

Our
Business, Products and Product Distribution 

We
sell a variety of Automotive aftermarket products, such as engine/machine oil, anti-icing fluid and auto parts. Currently we sell about
two different brands of engine/machine oil, most of which are imported from Germany and Malaysia, and the auto parts purchased from domestic,
currently we have 259 SKU of auto parts. 

We
have put significant efforts in developing and promoting our brand name in different regions of China. Our products are mainly sold to
4S repair shops. 

We
have cultivated business relationships and achieved recognition with different organizations over the years, which have improved our
business and management efficacy. We have been a member of China Chain Store and Franchise Association since 2022. 

Our
Automotive aftermarket product management office is located in Hangzhou City. We lease the building which has over 270 square meters.
It includes supply chain, support center, operation center, human resource and finance departments. The warehouse is also located in
Hangzhou City with over 400 square meters. As of May 31, 2024, the Company has total four separate operating lease agreements for three
office space and one warehouse in PRC with remaining lease terms of from 1 months to 14 months. The Company indicated to continue to
keep the facilities. 

We
have developed an enterprise resource planning system (ERP) for our customers. The ERP system can allow information management (from
both PC and mobile device) and daily operation of the stores, increasing the efficiency of store management. Most of our agents ordered
from this platform. 

7 

Our
customers 

Our
customers refer to all auto detailing store owners or persons who are going to start the stores. 

Our
customers are authorized to operate the auto detailing stores under our brand name Chejiangling / Teenage Hero Car and
sell our product Ksoncar in their stores. Our customers have to be fulfilled several criterions before using our brand name, including
the location of their stores, services they provided, etc. Our customers must provide respective automobile services according to their
store types and scales, including automobile detailing services, automobile engine system maintenance, air conditioning system cleaning
and maintenance, braking system maintenance and transmission system maintenance. 

We
standardize the stores and require our customers to provide standard and professional services to the end customers. The premium experience
of visiting the stores will enhance our brand name Chejiangling / Teenage Hero Car , and hence attract more customers to
join our network of auto detailing stores. 

Marketing
plan 

Our
marketing plan primarily focused upon our efforts to attract customers in China. In the coming years, and subsequently, we intend to
make efforts to expand throughout the Southeast Asia, especially in Malaysia. Accordingly, we anticipate spending a substantial amount
in marketing and advertising in the coming years. 

While
our marketing plans have not yet been determined in full, we do have tentative plans to penetrate the marketplace and attract customers
by building our brand image through print advertisements, and possibly online paid advertisements to create brand awareness. We plan
to develop a corporate website, although we do not have any definitive timeline in place to do so, which will introduce the benefits
to our prospective clients. We intend to market our products through this corporate website and utilize search engine marketing to improve
the number of sub-distributors and consumers who can find and view our future website. 

The
global presence social media has provided is an invaluable resource. As we begin to grow, create brand awareness and expand our operations
to South East Asia, especially in Malaysia, we intend to use social media to reach and engage additional sub-distributors and customers.
We intend to create social media pages, on platforms such as Weibo, Twitter, Instagram and Facebook, in the future in order to promote
our products to overseas markets. However, we do not have any definitive plans for how we will manage or grow our social media presence
at this time. 

All
of the above marketing plans have not yet been determined in sufficient detail to outline at this time and remain under development.
Our support center will continue to launch new marketing plans, to help the authorized agents to further develop the customers and achieve
the growth of the company s sales scale. 

Competition 

Although
there are numerous alternative brands, we intend to distinguish ourselves by creating a strong relationship with our customers. We believe
that we will have competitive strengths that will allow us to effectively compete in this market. It is our intention to create competitive
strengths via our future pricing model and the quality of our products and network of stores. 

Our
partners are also important for our marketing, the local resources held by our alliance combine with our mature management and technical
support can create huge value and great service for consumers, so we are confident about our advantage for both of our services and products,
with more and more club set up in most of the city, our business will become a automobile living cycle focus on automobile aftermarket
services. 

We
believe that our products and services can attract new customers while keeping our current customers satisfied. 

8 

Government
Regulations 

We
operate our business in China under a legal regime consisting of the National People s Congress, which is the country s highest
legislative body; the State Council, which is the highest authority of the executive branch of the PRC central government; and several
ministries and agencies under its authority, including the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, State Administration For
Industry Commerce, State Administration of Taxation and their respective local offices. 

REGULATIONS
RELATING TO COMMERCIAL FRANCHISING 

Pursuant
to the Regulations on the Administration of Commercial Franchising ,
or the Franchising Regulations, which took effect on 1 May 2007, commercial franchising refers to the business activities where a franchisor,
being an enterprise possessing registered trademarks, corporate logos, patents, proprietary technology, or other business resources,
licences through contracts its business resources to the franchisees, being other business operators, and the franchisees carry out business
operation under a uniform business model and pay franchising fees to the franchisor pursuant to the contracts. The Franchising Regulations
requires that any enterprise engaging in trans-provincial franchise business shall register with the Ministry of Commerce, and any enterprise
engaging in franchise business within one province shall register with the provincial counterpart of the Ministry of Commerce. The Franchising
Regulations also set forth a number of requirements for the franchisors and to govern the franchise agreements. For example, the franchisors
and franchisees are required to enter into franchising agreements containing certain required terms, and the franchise term thereunder
shall be no less than three years unless otherwise agreed by the franchisee. 

On
12 December 2011, the Ministry of Commerce promulgated the Administrative Measures for the Filing of Commercial Franchisees ),
which took effect on 1 February 2012 and sets forth in detail the procedures and documents required for such filing, including, among
other things, within 15 days after executing the first franchise agreement, the franchisor shall file with the Ministry of Commerce or
its local counterparts for record, and if there occurs any change to the franchisor s business registration, business resources,
and the franchisee store network throughout China, the franchisor shall apply to the Ministry of Commerce for alteration within 30 days
after the occurrence of such change. Furthermore, within the first quarter of each year, the franchisor shall report the execution, revocation,
termination, and renewal of the franchise agreements occurring in the previous year to the Ministry of Commerce or its local counterparts,
the failure of which may subject the franchisor to an order of rectification and a fine up to RMB50,000. Furthermore, the franchisor
is required to implement information disclosure system. The Administrative Measures on the Information Disclosure of Commercial Franchising 
 , which took effect on
1 April 2012, provides a list of information that the franchisor shall disclose to franchisees in writing at least 30 days prior to the
execution of the franchising agreements. 

Regulations
on Hazardous Chemicals 

According
to the Work Safety Law of the PRC ,
which was promulgated by the SCNPC in 2002 and was latest amended in June 2021, where dangerous goods are to be manufactured, sold, transported,
stored, used or to be disposed of or scrapped, business operators shall abide by relevant laws and regulations, as well as the national
standards or industrial specifications, establish a special system for safety control, adopt
reliable safety measures, and subject themselves to supervision and control by the competent departments in accordance with law. The
Regulation on the Safety Administration of Hazardous Chemicals 
 , which was promulgated by the State Council and latest amended in 2013, has further stipulates that enterprises using hazardous
chemicals shall, in accordance with the types and hazard characteristics of the used hazardous chemicals as well as the amount and mode
of use, establish and perfect the safety administration regulations and safety operating rules for the use of hazardous chemicals so
as to guarantee the safe use of hazardous chemicals, and shall comply with the provisions of laws and regulations regarding the storage
hazardous chemicals. Enterprise fails to comply with such regulatory requirements shall be ordered to rectify, to suspend business operations,
be imposed fines, or even has its permits or business licence be revoked by the relevant government authorities. 

9 

Pursuant
to the Regulation on the Safety Administration of Hazardous Chemicals, enterprises engaging in road transportation of hazardous chemicals
shall, according to the provisions of the laws and administrative regulations concerning road transportation, obtain the permits for
road transportation of dangerous goods, and go through the registration formalities with the administration for industry and commerce.
The Regulations on Governing the Road Transportation of Dangerous Goods which
was promulgated by the Ministry of Transport in 1993, latest amended in 2019, has further stipulates where a shipper entrusts an entity
that has not obtained a permit for road transportation of dangerous goods in accordance with the law to carry dangerous chemicals, it
shall be ordered to make corrections by the competent road transport administrative authority at or above the county level and shall
be imposed a fine ranging from RMB100,000 to RMB200,000. 

Regulations
on Disposal of Hazardous Waste 

Pursuant
to the Law on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution Caused by Solid Waste ,
which was promulgated by the SCNPC in 1995 and was latest amended on 1 September 2020, entities generating hazardous waste shall store,
utilise and dispose hazardous waste according to the relevant requirements of the state and environmental protection standards, and shall
not dump or pile up hazardous waste without authorisation. Furthermore, it is forbidden to entrust hazardous waste to entities without
a permit for disposal, or else the competent ecological and environmental authorities shall order it to make rectification, impose fines,
confiscate illegal gains, and in serious circumstance, order it to suspend business or close down upon the approval of the government
authorities. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secret laws and restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual
property rights. We own copyrights to the Automotive aftermarket product content and software we developed in-house. We also own copyrights
to the automotive aftermarket content we commission third parties to develop for us. As of May 31, 2024, we had 102 registered trademarks,
5 patents, 14 registered software copyrights and 3 registered works copyrights with the PRC State Copyright Bureau, and 3 registered
domain names. 

Despite
our efforts to protect ourselves from infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights, unauthorized parties may
attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property. In the event of a successful claim of infringement and our failure
or inability to develop non-infringing intellectual property or license the infringed or similar intellectual property on a timely basis,
our business could be harmed. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We may from time to
time be subject to infringement claims relating to intellectual properties of third parties. and Risk Factors If
we fail to protect our intellectual property rights, our brand and business may suffer in this document for details. During the
two years ended May 31, 2024, we were not a party to any material disputes relating to intellectual property infringement or misappropriation. 

10 

Employees 

As
of May 31, 2024, the Company has 20 employees, all of which were on a full-time basis. The following table sets forth the number of our
full-time employees categorized by function as of May 31, 2024: 

Function 
 
 Number
 of Employees 

Finance 
 
 4 

Operation
 center 
 
 9 

IT
 and Engineering 
 
 1 

General
 and Administrative 
 
 5 

Supply
 Chain 
 
 1 

Total 
 
 20 

There
are 15 employees based in HZ CXJ, 1 employee in SZ CXJ and 4 employees in Longkou CXJ respectively, where our operations are located. 

As
required by PRC regulations, we participate in various government statutory employee benefit plans, including social insurance funds,
namely a pension contribution plan, a medical insurance plan, an unemployment insurance plan, a work-related injury insurance plan, a
maternity insurance plan and a housing provident fund. We are required under PRC law to make contributions to employee benefit plans
at specified percentages of the salaries, bonuses and certain allowances of our employees, up to a maximum amount specified by the local
government from time to time. We have not made adequate employee benefit payments, and may be required to make up the contributions for
these plans as well as to pay late fees and fines. 

We
believe that we maintain a good working relationship with our employees, and we have not experienced any major labor disputes. 

Available
Information 

Our
Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to
Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements,
and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The foregoing website addresses are provided
as inactive textual references only. We periodically provide other information for investors on our corporate website. This includes
press releases and other information about financial performance and information on corporate governance. The information contained on
the websites referenced in this Form 10-K is not part of this report and is not incorporated by reference into this filing. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report, which could materially and adversely affect
our business, results of operations or financial condition. Our business faces significant risks and the risks described below may not
be the only risks we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may materially affect
our business, results of operations, or financial condition. If any of these risks occur, the trading price of our common stock could
be decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

11 

Risks
associated with doing business in China 

Trading
in our securities may be prohibited under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect
or investigate completed our auditors for three consecutive years beginning in 2021, or for two consecutive years if the Accelerating
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act or the America COMPETES Act becomes law . 

The
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCA Act, was enacted on December 18, 2020. In accordance with the HFCA Act, trading
in securities of any registrant on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the United States may
be prohibited if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or fully investigate the registrant s auditor for three consecutive
years beginning in 2021, and, as a result, an exchange may determine to delist the securities of such registrant. On November 5, 2021,
the SEC adopted the PCAOB rule to implement HFCA Act, which provides a framework for the PCAOB to determine whether it is unable to inspect
or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction because of a position taken by one or
more authorities in that jurisdiction. On December 16, 2021 the PCAOB issued its determinations (the PCAOB Determination that they are unable to inspect or investigate completely PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and
in Hong Kong. The Determination includes lists of public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong that the Board
is unable to inspect or investigate completely. Our auditor is not currently on such lists. 

On
May 3, 2024, the Board approved the resignation of Zhen Hui as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm with
immediate effective. In the meantime, the Board approved the appointment of J S Associate PLT J S as the
Company s new independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2024 effective immediately. 

Our
current auditor, J S, an independent registered public accounting firm that is headquartered in Malaysia, is a firm registered
with the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB ). Although we believe that the Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act and the related regulations do not currently affect us, we cannot assure you that there will not be any further implementations
and interpretations of or amendments to the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act or the related regulations, which might pose regulatory
risks to and impose restrictions on us because of our operations in mainland China. A potential consequence is that our securities are
delisted by the exchange on which our securities are listed 

On
March 24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final rules relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements
of the HFCA Act. We will be required to comply with these rules if the SEC identifies us as having a non-inspection year
under a process to be subsequently established by the SEC. The SEC is assessing how to implement other requirements of the HFCA Act,
including the listing and trading prohibition requirements described above. 

On
June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed a bill which, if passed by the U.S. House of Representatives and signed into law, would reduce
the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCA Act from three years to two. 

On
December 2, 2021, the SEC issued amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCAA. The
rules apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public
accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a
position taken by an authority in foreign jurisdictions. 

On
December 16, 2021, the PCAOB announced the PCAOB Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act determinations (the PCAOB determinations relating to the PCAOB s inability to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland
China of the PRC or Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region and dependency of the PRC, because of a position taken by one or more
authorities in the PRC or Hong Kong. 

12 

The
lack of access to the PCAOB inspection or investigation in China prevents the PCAOB from fully evaluating audits and quality control
procedures of the auditors based in China. As a result, the investors may be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. The
inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections or investigation of auditors in China makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness
of these accounting firms audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of China that are subject
to the PCAOB inspections and investigation, which could cause existing and potential investors in our stock to lose confidence in our
audit procedures and reported financial information and the quality of our financial statements. 

China s
political climate and economic conditions, as well as changes in government policies, laws and regulations which may be quick with little
advance notice, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
principal executive offices are located in China and our sole executive officer and director is a resident of and is physically located
in and has significant ties to China. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects are subject, to a significant
extent, to economic, political and legal developments in China. For example, as a result of recent proposed changes in the cybersecurity
regulations in China that would require certain Chinese technology firms to undergo a cybersecurity review before being allowed to list
on foreign exchanges, this may have the effect of further narrowing the list of potential businesses in China s consumer, technology
and mobility sectors that we intend to focus on for our business combination or the ability of the combined entity to list in the United
States. 

China s
economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the amount of government involvement, level
of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. While the PRC economy has experienced significant
growth in the past two to three decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. Demand
for target services and products depends, in large part, on economic conditions in China. Any slowdown in China s economic growth
may cause our potential customers to delay or cancel their plans to purchase our services and products, which in turn could reduce our
net revenues. 

Although
China s economy has been transitioning from a planned economy to a more market-oriented economy since the late 1970s, the PRC government
continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing industrial policies. The PRC government also exercises
significant control over China s economic growth through allocating resources, controlling the incurrence and payment of foreign
currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies.
Changes in any of these policies, laws and regulations may be quick with little advance notice and could adversely affect the economy
in China and could have a material adverse effect on our business and the value of our common stock. 

The
PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage foreign investment and sustainable economic growth and to guide the allocation
of financial and other resources. However, we cannot assure you that the PRC government will not repeal or alter these measures or introduce
new measures that will have a negative effect on us, or more specifically, we cannot assure you that the PRC government will not initiate
possible governmental actions or scrutiny to us, which could substantially affect our operation and the value of our common stock may
depreciate quickly. China s social and political conditions may change and become unstable. Any sudden changes to China s
political system or the occurrence of widespread social unrest could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

13 

Recent
regulatory developments in China, including greater oversight and control by the CAC over data security, may subject us to additional
regulatory review, and any actions by the Chinese government to exert more oversight and control over foreign investment in China-based
issuers could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the
value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

On
December 28, 2021, the CAC, NDRC, and several other agencies jointly issued the final version of the Revised Measures for Cybersecurity
Review, or the Revised Cybersecurity Measures, which took effect on February 15, 2022 and replaced the previously issued Revised Measures
for Cybersecurity Review. Under the Revised Cybersecurity Measures, an online platform operator in possession of personal
data of more than one million users must apply for a cybersecurity review if it intends to list its securities on a foreign stock exchange.
The operators of critical information infrastructure purchasing network products and services, and the online platform operators (together
with the operators of critical information infrastructure, the Operators carrying out data processing activities that
affect or may affect national security, shall conduct a cybersecurity review, and any online platform operator who controls more than
one million users personal information must go through a cybersecurity review by the cybersecurity review office if it seeks to
be listed in a foreign country. Pursuant to the Revised Cybersecurity Measures, we don t believe we will be subject to the cybersecurity
review by the CAC, given that (i) our online platform business just start up, we possess personal information of a very small number
of users (less than 300 users) in our business operations as of the date of this report, significantly less than the one million user
threshold set for a data processing operator applying for listing on a foreign exchange that is required to pass such cybersecurity review;
and (ii) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on national security and thus shall not be classified as core or important
data by the authorities. We don t believe that we are an Operator within the meaning of the Revised Cybersecurity Measures, nor
do we control more than one million users personal information, and as such, we should not be required to apply for a cybersecurity
review under the Revised Cybersecurity Measures. 

However,
regulatory requirements on cybersecurity and data security in the PRC are constantly evolving and can be subject to varying interpretations
or significant changes, which may result in uncertainties about the scope of our responsibilities in that regard. 

Failure
to comply with the Individual Foreign Exchange Rules relating to the overseas direct investment or the 13engagement in the issuance or
trading of securities overseas by our PRC resident stockholders may subject such stockholders to fines or other liabilities. 

Our
ability to conduct foreign exchange activities in the PRC may be subject to the interpretation and enforcement of the Implementation
Rules of the Administrative Measures for Individual Foreign Exchange promulgated by SAFE in January 2007 (as amended and supplemented,
the Individual Foreign Exchange Rules ). Under the Individual Foreign Exchange Rules, any PRC individual seeking to make
a direct investment overseas or engage in the issuance or trading of negotiable securities or derivatives overseas must make the appropriate
registrations in accordance with SAFE provisions. PRC individuals who fail to make such registrations may be subject to warnings, fines
or other liabilities. 

SAFE
promulgated the Notice on Relevant Issues Relating to Domestic Resident s Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment through
Special Purpose Vehicles, or Notice 37, in July 2014 that requires PRC residents or entities to register with SAFE or its local branch
in connection with their establishment or control of an offshore entity established for the purpose of overseas investment or financing.
In addition, such PRC residents or entities must update their SAFE registrations when the offshore special purpose vehicle undergoes
material events relating to material change of capitalization or structure of the PRC resident itself (such as capital increase, capital
reduction, share transfer or exchange, merger or spin off). 

We
may not be fully informed of the identities of all our beneficial owners who are PRC residents. For example, because the investment in
or trading of our shares will happen in an overseas public or secondary market where shares are often held with brokers in brokerage
accounts, it is unlikely that we will know the identity of all of our beneficial owners who are PRC residents. Furthermore, we have no
control over any of our future beneficial owners and we cannot assure you that such PRC residents will be able to complete the necessary
approval and registration procedures required by the Individual Foreign Exchange Rules. 

14 

To
our knowledge, our beneficial owners, who are PRC residents, have not completed the Notice 37 registration. And we cannot guarantee that
all or any of the shareholders will complete the Notice 37 registration prior to the closing of this Offering. Failure by any such shareholders
or beneficial owners to comply with Notice 37 could restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities, limit our PRC subsidiaries 
ability to make distributions or pay dividends or affect our ownership structure, which could adversely affect our business and prospects.
In addition, the PRC resident shareholders who fail to complete Notice 37 registration may subject to fines less than RMB50,000. 

As
these foreign exchange and outbound investment related regulations are relatively new and their interpretation and implementation has
been constantly evolving, it is unclear how these regulations, and any future regulation concerning offshore or cross-border investments
and transactions, will be interpreted, amended and implemented by the relevant government authorities. 

It
is uncertain how the Individual Foreign Exchange Rules will be interpreted or enforced and whether such interpretation or enforcement
will affect our ability to conduct foreign exchange transactions. Because of this uncertainty, we cannot be sure whether the failure
by any of our PRC resident stockholders to make the required registration will subject our PRC subsidiaries to fines or legal sanctions
on their operations, delay or restriction on repatriation of proceeds of our securities offerings into the PRC, restriction on remittance
of dividends or other punitive actions that would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Under
the Enterprise Income Tax Law, we may be classified as a Resident Enterprise of China. Such classification will likely
result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC stockholders. 

China
passed an Enterprise Income Tax Law (the EIT Law and implementing rules, both of which became effective on January 1,
2008. Under the EIT Law, an enterprise established outside of China with de facto management bodies within China is considered
a resident enterprise, meaning that it can be treated in a manner similar to a Chinese enterprise for enterprise income
tax purposes. The implementing rules of the EIT Law define de facto management as substantial and overall management and control
over the production and operations, personnel, accounting, and properties of the enterprise. 

On
April 22, 2009, the State Administration of Taxation of China issued the Notice Concerning Relevant Issues Regarding Cognizance of Chinese
Investment Controlled Enterprises Incorporated Offshore as Resident Enterprises pursuant to Criteria of de facto Management Bodies, or
the Notice, further interpreting the application of the EIT Law and its implementation to offshore entities controlled by a Chinese enterprise
or group. Pursuant to the Notice, an enterprise incorporated in an offshore jurisdiction and controlled by a Chinese enterprise or group
will be classified as a non-domestically incorporated resident enterprise if (i) its senior management in charge of daily
operations reside or perform their duties mainly in China; (ii) its financial or personnel decisions are made or approved by bodies or
persons in China; (iii) its substantial assets and properties, accounting books, corporate stamps, board and stockholder minutes are
kept in China; and (iv) at least half of its directors with voting rights or senior management are often resident in China. A resident
enterprise would be subject to an enterprise income tax rate of 25 on its worldwide income and must pay a withholding tax at a rate
of 10 when paying dividends to its non-PRC stockholders. 

ECXJ
does not have a PRC enterprise or enterprise group as its primary controlling shareholder and is therefore not a Chinese-controlled offshore
incorporated enterprise within the meaning of the Notice, so we believe the Notice is not applicable to us. However, in the absence of
guidance specifically applicable to us, we have applied the guidance set forth in the Notice to evaluate the tax residence status of
ECXJ. 

We
do not believe that we meet some of the conditions outlined. As a holding company, the key assets and records of ECXJ including the resolutions
and meeting minutes of our board of directors and the resolutions and meeting minutes of our shareholders, are located and maintained
outside the PRC. In addition, we are not aware of any offshore holding companies with a corporate structure similar to ours that have
been deemed a PRC resident enterprise by the PRC tax authorities. Accordingly, we believe that ECXJ should not be treated
as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes if the criteria for de facto management body as set forth in
the Notice were deemed applicable to us. However, as the tax residency status of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC
tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term de facto management body as applicable
to our offshore entities, we will continue to monitor our tax status. 

15 

If
the PRC tax authorities determine that we are a resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, a number of
unfavorable PRC tax consequences could follow. First, we may be subject to the enterprise income tax at a rate of 25 on our worldwide
taxable income as well as PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. In our case, this would mean that income such as non-China
source income would be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 25 . Currently, we do not have any non-China source income,
so this would have minimal effect on us; however, if we develop non-China source income in the future, we could be adversely affected.
Second, under the EIT Law and its implementing rules, dividends paid to us from our PRC subsidiaries would qualify as tax-exempt
income. Finally, it is possible that future guidance issued with respect to the new resident enterprise classification
could result in a situation in which a 10 withholding tax is imposed on dividends we pay to our non-PRC stockholders and with respect
to gains derived by our non-PRC stockholders from transferring our shares. If we were treated as a resident enterprise 
by the PRC tax authorities, we would be subject to taxation in both the U.S. and China, but our PRC source income will not be taxed in
the U.S. again because the U.S.-China tax treaty will avoid double taxation between these two nations. 

PRC
regulation of loans and direct investment by offshore holding companies in PRC entities may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds
of our securities offerings to make loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC operating subsidiaries, which could materially
and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. 

In
the normal course of our business or in utilizing proceeds of any future securities offerings, we may make loans to our PRC subsidiaries
or may make additional capital contributions to our PRC subsidiaries. Any loans to our PRC subsidiaries are subject to PRC regulations.
For example, loans by us to our subsidiaries in China, which are FIEs, to finance their activities cannot exceed statutory limits and
must be registered with the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE. Currently, China is holding more open and tolerant attitude
toward FIEs. More open rules and regulations are published in recent years to replace previous ones which are more restrictive. On March
30 th , 2015, SAFE promulgated Circular 19 which is about Reforming the Management Approach regarding the Settlement of Foreign
Exchange Capital of Foreign-invested Enterprises) and effective since June 1, 2015. Circular 19 has made some important changes in
rules regarding the conversion of foreign exchanges to RMB, which are as follows in particular: 

(1) 
 Instead
 of the payment-based exchange settlement system under previous Circular 142 and Circular 88, new rules of discretional foreign exchange
 settlement have been established, which means the foreign exchange capital in the capital account of foreign-invested enterprises
 for which the confirmation of rights and interests of monetary contribution by the local foreign exchange bureau (or the book-entry
 registration of monetary contribution by the banks in accordance with Circular 13 as we mentioned in the comment below) has been
 handled can be settled at the banks based on the actual operational needs of the enterprises, and the proportion of foreign exchange
 which can be discretionally converted by each FIE is temporarily determined as 100 (SAFE may adjust such scale as necessary). So
 regulation wise FIEs no longer needs to report the use of its RMB before or after a conversion which are required by previous Circular
 142 and Circular 88. However, actually SAFE and the banks are experiencing a transitional period in this regard, so for the time
 being, most banks still need the FIEs to report their proposed use of the RMB to be converted from foreign exchanges, as well as
 the actual use of the RMB obtained in the last conversion. Certainly, the transitional period will not be too long and therefore
 optimistically from the year of 2016, the report obligation will no longer be required. 

(2) 
 Foreign
 currency-denominated capital no longer needs to be verified by an accounting firm before converting into RMB. 

(3) 
 As
 stipulated in Circular 19, the use of capital by FIEs shall follow the principles of authenticity and self-use within the business
 scope of enterprises, shall not be used for the following purposes: 

a) 
 it
 shall not be directly or indirectly used for the payment beyond the business scope of the enterprises or the payment prohibited by
 national laws and regulations; 

16 

b) 
 it
 shall not be directly or indirectly used for investment in securities unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations; 

c) 
 it
 shall not be directly or indirectly used for granting the entrust loans in RMB (unless permitted by the scope of business), repaying
 the inter-enterprise borrowings (including advances by the third party) or repaying the bank loans in Renminbi that have been sub-lent
 to the third party; and 

d) 
 it
 shall not be used for paying the expenses related to the purchase of real estate not for self-use, except for the foreign-invested
 real estate enterprises. 

On
May 10, 2013, SAFE released Circular 21, which came into effect on May 13, 2013; also, on February 13, 2015 SAFE published Circular 13
 (Circular of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Further Simplifying and Improving the Direct Investment-related Foreign
Exchange Administration Policies to update some measures stipulated in Circular 21. According to Circular 21, SAFE has significantly
simplified the foreign exchange administration procedures with respect to the registration, account openings and conversions, settlements
of FDI-related foreign exchange, as well as fund remittances. Meanwhile, Circular 13 has further simplified foreign exchange administration
procedures, most important among which is that SAFE delegated foreign exchange registration to the banks, meanwhile the related registration
approval by SAFE has been annulled. 

Even
with more and more open policy toward FDI and FIEs, the Circulars mentioned above may still have some limit our ability to convert, transfer
and use the net proceeds from our securities offerings and any offering of additional equity securities in China, which may adversely
affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business in the PRC. 

We
may also decide to finance our subsidiaries by means of capital contributions. These capital contributions must be approved by the Ministry
of Commerce of China, or MOFCOM, or its local counterpart. We may not be able to obtain these government approvals on a timely basis,
if at all, with respect to future capital contributions by us to our PRC subsidiaries. If we fail to receive such approvals, we will
not be able to use the proceeds of our offerings and capitalize our PRC operations, which could adversely affect our liquidity and our
ability to fund and expand our business. 

PRC
regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident shareholders
to penalties and limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC subsidiaries, limit our PRC subsidiaries ability to distribute
profits to us, or otherwise adversely affect us. 

The
SAFE promulgated the Notice on Relevant Issues Relating to Domestic Resident s Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment
through Special Purpose Vehicles, or Notice 37, in July 2014 that requires PRC residents or entities to register with SAFE or its local
branch in connection with their establishment or control of an offshore entity established for the purpose of overseas investment or
financing. In addition, such PRC residents or entities must update their SAFE registrations when the offshore special purpose vehicle
undergoes material events relating to material change of capitalization or structure of the PRC resident itself (such as capital increase,
capital reduction, share transfer or exchange, merger or spin off). On October 16, 2015, nine of our shareholders who are Chinese residents
completed the registration with SAFE under this Notice. 

China s
M A Rules and certain other PRC regulations establish complex procedures for some acquisitions of PRC companies by foreign investors,
which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China. 

The
Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rules, adopted by six PRC regulatory
agencies in 2006 and amended in 2009, and some other regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions established complex procedures
and requirements for acquisition of Chinese companies by foreign investors, including requirements in some instances that the Ministry
of Commerce of the PRC be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC
domestic enterprise. Moreover, the Anti-monopoly Law promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress requires
that transactions which are deemed concentrations and involve parties with specified turnover thresholds must be cleared by the anti-monopoly
enforcement agency before they can be completed. In addition, the Measures for the Security Review of Foreign Investment promulgated
by the NDRC and the Ministry of Commerce in December 2020 specify that foreign investments in military, national defense-related areas
or in locations in proximity to military facilities, or foreign investments that would result in acquiring the actual control of assets
in certain key sectors, such as critical agricultural products, energy and resources, equipment manufacturing, infrastructure, transport,
cultural products and services, information technology, Internet products and services, financial services and technology sectors, are
required to obtain approval from designated governmental authorities in advance. 

17 

In
the future, we and the VIEs may pursue potential strategic acquisitions that are complementary to our and the VIEs business and
operations. Complying with the requirements of the above-mentioned regulations and other rules to complete such transactions could be
time-consuming, and any required approval processes may delay or inhibit our and the VIEs ability to complete such transactions,
which could affect our and the VIEs ability to expand business or maintain market share. Furthermore, according to the M A
Rules, if a PRC entity or individual plans to merger or acquire its related PRC entity through an overseas company legitimately incorporated
or controlled by such entity or individual, such a merger and acquisition will be subject to examination and approval by the Ministry
of Commerce. There is a possibility that the PRC regulators may promulgate new rules or explanations requiring that we and the VIEs obtain
the approval of the Ministry of Commerce or other PRC governmental authorities for our and the VIEs completed or ongoing mergers
and acquisitions. Any action by the PRC government to exert more oversight and control over foreign investment in China-based companies
could result in a material change in our operation, cause the value of our ordinary shares to significantly decline or become worthless,
and significantly limit, or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our ordinary shares to investors. 

Governmental
control of currency conversion may affect the value of your investment. 

The
PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of the RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency
out of China. We receive substantially all of our revenues in RMB. Under our current corporate structure, our income will currently only
be derived from dividend payments from our PRC subsidiaries. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict the ability
of our PRC subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends or other payments to us, or otherwise satisfy their foreign
currency denominated obligations. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including profit
distributions, interest payments and expenditures from trade-related transactions can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval
from SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, approval from appropriate government authorities is required where
RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated
in foreign currencies. The PRC government may also at its discretion restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current
account transactions. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency
demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our security-holders. 

We
and the VIEs face foreign exchange risk, and fluctuations in exchange rates could have an adverse effect on our and the VIEs business
and investors investments. 

Changes
in the value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar, Euro and other foreign currencies are affected by, among other things, changes in China s
political and economic conditions. Any significant revaluation of the RMB may have a material adverse effect on our revenues and financial
condition, and the value of, and any dividends payable on our shares in U.S. dollar terms. For example, to the extent that we need to
convert U.S. dollars we receive from our securities offerings into RMB for our operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar
would have an adverse effect on RMB amount we would receive from the conversion. Conversely, if we decide to convert our RMB into
U.S. dollars for the purpose of paying dividends on our common stock or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar
against the RMB would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount available to us. In addition, fluctuations of the RMB against
other currencies may increase or decrease the cost of imports and exports, and thus affect the price-competitiveness of our products
against products of foreign manufacturers or products relying on foreign inputs. 

Since
July 2005, the RMB is no longer pegged to the U.S. dollar. Although the People s Bank of China regularly intervenes in the foreign
exchange market to prevent significant short-term fluctuations in the exchange rate, the RMB may appreciate or depreciate significantly
in value against the U.S. dollar in the medium to long term. Moreover, it is possible that in the future PRC authorities may lift restrictions
on fluctuations in the RMB exchange rate and lessen intervention in the foreign exchange market. 

18 

We
reflect the impact of currency translation adjustments in our financial statements under the heading accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss). For the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023, we had foreign currency translation gain of 36,925 and 30,105 respectively.
Very limited hedging transactions are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date, we have not entered
into any hedging transactions. While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future, the availability and effectiveness of these
transactions may be limited, and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In addition, our foreign currency exchange
gains and losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign currencies. 

Payment
of dividends is subject to restrictions under Nevada and the PRC laws. 

Under
Nevada law, we may only pay dividends subject to our ability to service our debts as they become due and provided that our assets will
exceed our liabilities after the payment of such dividends. Our ability to pay dividends will therefore depend on our ability to generate
adequate profits. In addition, because of a variety of rules applicable to our operations in the PRC and the regulations on foreign investments
as well as the applicable tax law, we may be subject to further limitations on our ability to declare and pay dividends to our shareholders. 

We
can give no assurance that we will declare dividends of any amounts, at any rate or at all in the future. The declaration of future dividends,
if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our future operations and earnings, capital requirements,
general financial conditions, legal and contractual restrictions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 

U.S.
regulatory bodies may be limited in their ability to conduct investigations or inspections of our and the VIEs operations in China. 

The
Securities and Exchange Commission, the U.S. Department of Justice, the PCAOB, and other U.S. authorities may also have difficulties
in bringing and enforcing actions against us or our directors or executive officers in the PRC and Hong Kong. The SEC has stated that
there are significant legal and other obstacles to obtaining information needed for investigations or litigation in China. China has
adopted a revised securities law that became effective on March 1, 2020, Article 177 of which provides, among other things, that no overseas
securities regulator is allowed to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC.
Accordingly, without governmental approval in China, no entity or individual in China may provide documents and information relating
to securities business activities to overseas regulators when it is under direct investigation or evidence discovery conducted by overseas
regulators, which could present significant legal and other obstacles to obtaining information needed for investigations and litigation
conducted outside of China. 

Additional
factors outside of our control related to doing business in China could negatively affect our business. 

Additional
factors that could negatively affect our business include a potential significant revaluation of the Renminbi, which may result in an
increase in the cost of commodity or products in the PRC supply chain industry, labor shortages and increases in labor costs in China
as well as difficulties in moving products manufactured in China out of the country, whether due to infrastructure inadequacy, labor
disputes, slowdowns, PRC regulations and/or other factors. Prolonged disputes or slowdowns can negatively impact both the time and cost
of goods. Natural disasters or health pandemics impacting China can also have a significant negative impact on our business. Further,
the imposition of trade sanctions or other regulations against products supplied or sold in the supply chain industry transactions for
which we provide solutions or the loss of normal trade relations status with China could significantly affect our operating
results and harm our business. 

19 

Introduction
of new laws or changes to existing laws by the PRC government may adversely affect our and the VIEs business. 

The
PRC legal system is a codified legal system made up of written laws, regulations, circulars, administrative directives and internal guidelines.
Unlike common law jurisdictions like the U.S., decided cases (which may be taken as reference) do not form part of the legal structure
of the PRC and thus have no binding effect on subsequent cases with similar issues and fact patterns. Furthermore, in line with its transformation
from a centrally planned economy to a relatively free market economy, the PRC government is still in the process of developing a comprehensive
set of laws and regulations. As the legal system in the PRC is still evolving, laws and regulations or the interpretation of the same
may be subject to further changes. For example, the PRC government may impose restrictions on the amount of service fees that may be
payable by municipal governments to wastewater and sludge treatment service providers. Also, the PRC central and municipal governments
may impose more stringent environmental regulations which would affect our ability to comply with, or our costs to comply with, such
regulations. Such changes, if implemented, may adversely affect our and the VIEs business operations and may reduce our profitability. 

We
may be exposed to liabilities under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and any determination that we violated the foreign corrupt practices
act could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practice Act, or FCPA, and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign
governments and their officials and political parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute for the purpose of obtaining
or retaining business. We will have operations, agreements with third parties and make sales in the PRC, which may experience corruption.
Our proposed activities in the PRC create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of the employees, consultants,
or sales agents of our Company, because these parties are not always subject to our control. It is our policy to implement safeguards
to discourage these practices by our employees. Also, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective,
and the employees, consultants, or sales agents of our Company may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations
of the FCPA may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect
our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, the government may seek to hold our Company liable for successor
liability FCPA violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. 

It
may be difficult to effect service of process upon us, our Directors or our executive officers that reside in the PRC or to enforce against
them or us in the PRC any judgments obtained from non-PRC courts. 

The
legal framework to which our Company is subject is materially different from the Companies Ordinance or corporate law in the United States
and other jurisdictions with respect to certain areas, including the protection of minority shareholders. In addition, the mechanisms
for enforcement of rights under the corporate governance framework to which our Company is subject are also relatively undeveloped and
untested. However, according to the PRC Company Law, shareholders may commence a derivative action against the directors, supervisors,
officers or any third party on behalf of a company under certain circumstances. 

On
July 14, 2006, the Supreme People s Court of the PRC and the Government of Hong Kong signed the Arrangement on Reciprocal Recognition
and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters by the Courts of the Mainland and of the Hong Kong Special Administrative
Region Pursuant to Choice of Court Agreements between Parties Concerned. Under such an arrangement, where any designated people s
court in the PRC or any designated Hong Kong court has made an enforceable final judgment requiring payment of money in a civil and commercial
case pursuant to a choice of court agreement in writing by the parties, any party concerned may apply to the relevant people s
court in the PRC or Hong Kong court for recognition and enforcement of the judgment. Although this arrangement became effective on August
1, 2008, the outcome and effectiveness of any action brought under the arrangement may still be uncertain. 

20 

All
of our senior management members reside in the PRC, and substantially all of our and the VIEs assets, and substantially all of
the assets of those persons are located in the PRC. Therefore, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process upon those
persons inside the PRC or to enforce against us or them in the PRC any judgments obtained from non-PRC courts. The PRC does not have
treaties providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts with the Cayman Islands, the United States,
the United Kingdom, Japan and many other developed countries. Therefore, recognition and enforcement in the PRC of judgments of a court
in any of these jurisdictions in relation to any matter not subject to a binding arbitration provision may be difficult or even impossible. 

Uncertainties
with respect to the PRC legal system could adversely affect us. 

We
conduct all of our business through our subsidiaries in China. Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and regulations. Our
PRC subsidiaries are generally subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investments in China and, in particular, laws and
regulations applicable to wholly foreign-owned enterprises. The PRC legal system is based on statutes. Prior court decisions may be cited
for reference but have limited precedential value. 

Since
1979, PRC legislation and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in
China. However, China has not developed a fully integrated legal system and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently
cover all aspects of economic activities in China. In particular, because these laws and regulations are relatively new, and because
of the limited volume of published decisions and their nonbinding nature, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations
involve uncertainties. In addition, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules (some of which are
not published on a timely basis or at all) that may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these
policies and rules until sometime after the violation. In addition, any litigation in China may be protracted and result in substantial
costs and diversion of resources and management attention. 

Risk
related to our business 

We
have a limited operating history that you can use to evaluate us, and the likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the
problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered by a small developing company. 

We
started our operation in June 2019. For the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023, we have generated 2,318,712 and 2,126,387 respectively
in revenues and incurred net loss of 2,135,674 and 1,058,307 respectively. The likelihood of our success must be considered in the
light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered by a small company starting a new business
enterprise and the highly competitive environment in which we are operating. We have a limited operating history upon which an evaluation
of our future success or failure can be made. Our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and positive cash flow is dependent upon: 

Our
 ability to market our products; 

Our
 ability to generate revenue; 

Our
 ability to obtain higher gross profit products; 

Our
 ability to obtain healthier and economical products; and 

Our
 ability to raise the capital necessary to continue marketing and developing our product and online platform. 

21 

If
we are unable to gain any significant market acceptance for our products and services or establish a significant market presence, we
may be unable to generate sufficient revenue to continue our business. 

Our
growth strategy is substantially dependent upon our ability to successfully market our products and services to prospective clients.
However, our planned self-conduct or consignment products may not achieve significant acceptance. Such acceptance, if achieved, may not
be sustained for any significant period of time. Failure of our products to achieve or sustain market acceptance could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and the results of our operations. 

Management s
ability to implement our business strategy may be slower than expected and we may be unable to generate or sustain profits. 

Our
business plans, including developing and optimizing our online platform, may not generate profit in the near term or may not become profitable
at all, which will result in losses. 

We
may be unable to enter into our intended markets successfully. The factors that could affect our growth strategy include our success
in (a) developing our business plan, (b) obtaining new clients, (c) obtaining adequate financing on acceptable terms, and (d) adapting
our internal controls and operating procedures to accommodate our future growth. 

Our
systems, procedures and controls may not be adequate to support the expansion of our business operations. Significant growth will place
managerial demands on all aspects of our operations. Our future operating results will depend substantially upon our ability to manage
changing business conditions and to implement and improve our technical, administrative and financial controls and reporting systems. 

Competitors
may enter our business sector with superior products which could affect our business adversely. 

We
believe that barriers to entry are low because of economies of scale, cost advantage and brand identity. Potential competitors may enter
this sector with superior products. This would have an adverse effect upon our business and our results of operations. In addition, a
high level of support is critical for the successful marketing and recurring sales of our products. Despite having accumulated customers
from the past seven years, we may still need to continue to improve our marketing strategic, products and platform in order to assist
potential customers in using our platform, and we also need to provide effective support to future clients. If we are unable to increase
customer support and improve our platform in the face of increasing competition, with the increase in competition, our ability to sell
our products to potential customers could adversely affect our brand, which would harm our reputation. 

We
operate in a highly competitive industry, and our failure to compete effectively could adversely affect our market share, revenues and
growth prospects. 

The
automotive aftermarket products industry in China is highly fragmented and intensely competitive. Industry participants include
large scale and well-funded manufacturers and distributors, as well as smaller counterparts. We believe that the market is also
highly sensitive to the introduction of new products, including the ever-growing list of engine oil products, which may rapidly
capture a significant share of the market. Presently most of our business operations and product distribution are concentrated in
Hunan, Henan and Shangdong provinces, China, and we expect to expand our product sales into broader markets and more geographic
areas in China. We compete for sales with provided training and after sales services to existing customers and online sales to
attract new customers. Our competitors include China home-grown manufacturers and distributors, foreign companies with China
operations, as well as product importers and distributors that carry the same categories of products as ours. We may not be able to
compete effectively and our attempt to do so may require us to reduce our prices and result in lower margins. Failure to effectively
compete could adversely affect our market share, revenues, and growth prospects. 

22 

Our
failure to appropriately respond to changing consumer preferences and demand for new products could significantly harm our customer relationships
and product sales. 

Our
business is particularly subject to changing consumer trends and preferences. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to
anticipate and respond to these changes, and we may not be able to respond in a timely or commercially appropriate manner to these changes.
If we are unable to do so, our customer relationships and product sales could be harmed significantly. 

Furthermore,
the automotive aftermarket products industry in particular is characterized by rapid and frequent changes in demand for products and
new product introductions. Our failure to accurately predict these trends could negatively impact consumer opinion with respect to the
products we distribute. This could harm our customer relationships and cause losses to our market share. The success of our new product
offerings depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to accurately anticipate customer needs, identify the right suppliers,
successfully commercialize new products in a timely manner, price our products competitively, deliver our products in sufficient volumes
and in a timely manner, and differentiate our product offerings from those of our competitors. 

If
we do not introduce new products or make sufficient adjustments to meet the changing needs of our customers in a timely manner, some
of our products could become obsolete in the view of consumers, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and operating
results. 

We
do not have long term contractual commitments with our retail or distributor customers, and our business may be negatively affected if
we are unable to maintain those important relationships and distribute our products. 

Our
marketing and sales strategy depends in large part on orders, availability and performance of our retailers and distributor customers,
supplemented by the sales at our own store and online sales. We will continue our efforts to reinforce and expand our distribution network
by partnering with new retailers and distributors. While we have entered written agreements with most of our customers, we currently
do not have, nor do we anticipate in the future that we will be able to establish, long-term contractual commitments from most major
customers. In addition, we may not be able to maintain our current distribution relationships or establish and maintain successful relationships
with distributors in new geographic distribution areas. Moreover, there is a possibility that we may have to incur additional costs to
attract and maintain new customers. Our inability to maintain our sales network or attract additional customers would adversely affect
our revenues and financial results. 

Because
we rely on our retailer customers and wholesale distributors for the majority of our sales that distribute our competitors products
along with our products, we have little control in ensuring those retailers and distributors will not prefer our competitors products
over ours, which could cause our sales to suffer. 

Our
ability to establish a market for our products in new geographic areas, as well as maintain and expand our existing markets, is dependent
on our ability to establish and maintain successful relationships with reliable distributors and retailers positioned to serve those
areas. Most of our distributors and retailers sell and distribute competing products, including automobile exhaust cleaner, engine oil
and auto parts, and our products may represent a small portion of their business. To the extent that our distributors and retailers prefer
to sell our competitors products over our products or do not employ sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products, including
re-stocking retail shelves with our products, our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our ability to maintain
our distribution network and attract additional distributors and retailers will depend on several factors, some of which are outside
our control. Some of these factors include: the level of demand for our brands and products in a distribution area; our ability to price
our products at levels competitive with those of competing products; and our ability to deliver products in the quantity and at the time
ordered by distributors or retailers. If any of the above factors work negatively against us, our sales will likely decline and our results
of operations will be adversely affected. 

23 

Because
our retail customers and distributors are not required to place minimum orders with us, we need to manage our inventory levels, and it
is difficult to predict the timing and amount of our sales. 

Our
customers are not required to place minimum monthly or annual orders for our products. There is no assurance as to the timing or quantity
of purchases by any of our customers or that any of our distributors will continue to purchase products from us in the same frequencies
and volumes as they may have in the past. To be able to sell our products on a timely basis, we need to maintain adequate inventory levels
of the desired products, but we cannot predict the frequency or size of orders by a substantial portion of our customers. If we fail
to meet our shipping schedules, we could damage our relationships with distributors or retailers, increase our shipping costs or cause
sales opportunities to be delayed or lost, which would unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating results.
In addition, if the inventory of our products held by our distributors or retailers is too high, they will not place orders for additional
products, which would also unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating results. 

Our
business plan and future growth is dependent in part on our distribution arrangements with retailers and wholesale distributors. If we
are unable to effectively implement our business plan and distribution strategy, our results of operations and financial condition could
be adversely affected. 

We
currently have sales arrangements with most of wholesale distributors and retail accounts to distribute our products directly through
their venues. However, there are several risks associated with this distribution strategy. We do not have long-term agreements in place
with any of these customers and thus, the arrangements are terminable at any time by these retailers or us. Accordingly, we may not be
able to maintain continuing relationships with any of these accounts. A decision by any of these retailers to decrease the amount purchased
from us or to cease carrying our products could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition or results of operations.
In addition, our dependence on existing major retail accounts may result in pressure on us to reduce our pricing to them or allow significant
product discounts. Any increase in our costs for these retailers to carry our product, reduction in price, or demand for product discounts
could have a material adverse effect on our profit margin. 

We
rely on independent suppliers and manufacturers of our products, and such dependence could make management of our marketing and distribution
efforts inefficient or unprofitable. 

We
do not own the plants or the equipment required to make and package the products we sell, and do not directly manufacture our products
but instead purchase our products from our independent suppliers who source the products from independent manufacturers. We do not anticipate
bringing the manufacturing process in-house in the future. Currently, our products are sourced from approximately eight independent suppliers.
Our ability to attract and maintain effective relationships with our suppliers, and other third parties for the production and delivery
of our motor oil and spare parts products in a geographic distribution area is important to the success of our operations within each
distribution area. Our contract manufacturers may terminate their arrangements with us at any time, in which case we could experience
disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our customers. We may not be able to maintain our relationships with current contract
manufacturers or establish satisfactory relationships with new or replacement contract manufacturers, whether in existing or new geographic
distribution areas. The failure to establish and maintain effective relationships with contract manufacturers for a distribution area
could increase our manufacturing costs and thereby materially reduce profits realized from the sale of our products in that area. In
addition, poor relations with any of our contract manufacturers could adversely affect the amount and timing of product delivered to
our distributors for resale, which would in turn adversely affect our revenues and financial condition. 

24 

As
is customary in the contract manufacturing industry for comparably sized companies, we are expected to arrange for our contract manufacturing
needs sufficiently in advance of anticipated requirements. We continually evaluate which of our contract manufacturers to utilize based
on the cost structure and forecasted demand for the geographic area where our contract manufacturers are located. To the extent demand
for our products exceeds available inventory or the production capacity of our contract manufacturing arrangements, or orders are not
submitted on a timely basis, we will be unable to fulfill distributor orders on demand. Conversely, we may produce more product than
warranted by actual demand, resulting in higher storage costs and the potential risk of inventory spoilage. Our failure to accurately
predict and manage our contract manufacturing requirements may impair relationships with our independent distributors and key accounts,
which, in turn, would likely have a material adverse effect on our ability to maintain effective relationships with those distributors
and key accounts. 

We
are exposed to risks associated with the distribution of products manufactured by third parties. 

We
acquire and import most of our engine oil from Germany and Malaysia, and contract with local suppliers to supply auto parts and other
products. We do not have full control over the product making activities procedure of the engine oil, auto parts and other products.
Significant delays and defects in our products resulting from the activities of our product makers may have a material adverse effect
on our Company s results of operations and financial condition. 

Under
the PRC law, for the third party products that we distribute, the third party manufacturers are responsible for the quality of the products.
We, however, may still be liable under certain circumstances. For example, product sellers bear tort liabilities for product defects
as a result of the seller s negligence which has caused the consumers damages or if the sellers are unable to specify the
manufacturer of a defective product. In the event consumers suffer from damages caused by product defects, consumers may seek compensation
either from the product manufacturer or from the seller of the products. If a product defect occurs during the manufacturing period and
the compensation is paid by a seller, then the seller is entitled to recover losses from the manufacturer. However, if a defect occurs
during the selling period and the compensation is paid by the manufacturer, then the manufacturer is entitled to recover losses from
the seller. In the event that product defects are caused by the manufacturers, while we have the right to seek recourse against the manufacturers
after we pay damages to the consumers, there can be no assurance that we could recover any of our compensation payments we will have
made. 

We
may be subject to product liability claims. 

We
are a engine oil and auto parts distributor, and the products we sell are not made by us which may contain defects or have quality issues.
As a result, sales of such products could expose us to product liability claims relating to personal injury or property damage and may
require product recalls or other actions. Third parties subject to such injury or damage may bring claims or legal proceedings against
us as the distributor or retailer of the product. Although we would have legal recourse against the manufacturer of such products under
applicable law, attempting to enforce our rights against the manufacturer may be expensive, time-consuming and ultimately futile. In
addition, we do not currently maintain any third-party liability insurance or product liability insurance in relation to products we
sell. As a result, any material product liability claim or litigation could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Even unsuccessful claims could result in the expenditure of funds and managerial efforts in defending
them and could have a negative impact on our reputation. 

25 

Our
business and financial results depend on the continuous supply and availability of raw materials, and rising raw material, fuel and freight
costs as well as freight capacity issues may have an adverse impact on our sales and earnings. 

The
principal raw materials for the engine oil products we sell is crude oil and other natural ingredients. The costs of the product ingredients
are subject to fluctuation. If any supply of these raw materials is impaired or if prices increase significantly, our business would
be adversely affected. Prices of any raw materials or ingredients may continue to rise in the future and we would incur higher supply
costs which we may not be able to pass any cost increases on to our customers. 

Moreover,
industry-wide shortages of certain concentrates, supplements and sweeteners have been experienced could, from time to time in the future,
be experienced, which could interfere with and/or delay production and supply of certain of our products we source and could have a material
adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

In
addition, any supply shortage or volatility in the global crude oil markets would result in unstable fuel and freight prices. Due to
the price sensitivity of our products, we may not be able to pass any increased costs on to our customers. At the same time, the economy
appears to be returning to pre-pandemic levels resulting in the rise of freight volumes which is exacerbated by carrier failures to meet
demands and fleet reductions due to higher transportation demand in China and global logistics service industry. We may be unable to
secure available transportation carrier capacity at reasonable rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

We
rely upon our ongoing relationships with our key suppliers. If we are unable to source our products on acceptable terms from our key
suppliers, we could suffer disruptions in our business. 

Currently
we purchase our engine oil and auto parts products from eight major suppliers, and we anticipate that we will purchase our products from
others with the intention of developing other sources of supply for our products. The prices of our products are determined by our suppliers
and manufacturers and may be subject to change. Consequently, we do not have control over any price increases of the products we sell
and may be unable to obtain those products from alternative suppliers on short notice. 

In
addition, we may not correctly estimate demand for our products. Our ability to estimate demand for our products is imprecise, particularly
with new products, and may be less precise during periods of rapid growth, particularly in new markets. If we materially underestimate
demand for our products or are unable to secure sufficient product supplies, we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis.
If we must replace a product supplier, we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our customers or experience
a change in the quality or customer appeal of our products, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Failure
to manage our growth could strain our operational and other resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business and prospects. 

Since
2019, our business has experienced significant growths through acquisitions and product diversification. Our growth strategy includes
increasing market penetration of our existing products and services, identifying and developing new products, and increasing distribution
channels and customers we serve. Pursuing these strategies has resulted in, and will continue to result in substantial demands on our
capital and operating resources. In particular, the management of our growth will require, among other things: 

 ` 

successful
 integration of our existing operations and acquired businesses; 

stringent
 cost controls and adequate liquidity; 

strengthening
 of financial and risk controls; 

26 

increased
 marketing, sales and support activities; and 

retaining,
 training and hiring qualified employees and professionals. 

If
we are not able to manage our growth successfully, our business, financial condition and operating results would be materially and adversely
affected. 

If
we are unable to maintain brand image and product quality, or if we encounter other product issues such as product recalls, our business
may suffer. 

Our
success depends on our ability to maintain brand reputation for our existing products and effectively build up brand image for new products
and brand extensions. There can be no assurance, however, that additional expenditures on advertising and marketing will have the desired
impact on our products brand image and on consumer preferences. Product quality issues or allegations of product contamination,
even when false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of the affected brands and may cause consumers to choose other products. In addition,
because of changing government regulations or their implementation, we may be required from time to time to recall products entirely
or from specific markets. Product recalls could affect our profitability and could negatively affect brand image. 

The
inability to attract and retain key personnel would directly affect our efficiency and results of operations. 

Our
success depends on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees in such areas as distribution, sales, marketing and finance.
We compete to hire new employees, and, in some cases, must train them and develop their skills and competencies. Our operating results
could be adversely affected by increased costs due to increased competition for employees, higher employee turnover or increased employee
benefit costs. Any unplanned turnover, particularly involving our key personnel, could negatively impact our operations, financial condition
and employee morale. 

Our
inability to protect our trademarks and trade secrets may prevent us from successfully marketing our products and competing effectively. 

Failure
to protect our intellectual property could harm our brand and our reputation, and adversely affect our ability to compete effectively.
Further, enforcing or defending our intellectual property rights, including our trademarks, copyrights, licenses and trade secrets, could
result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. We regard our intellectual property, particularly our trademarks
and trade secrets to be of considerable value and importance to our business and our success. We rely on a combination of trademark and
trade secrecy laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property rights. In addition, there
can be no assurance that other parties will not assert infringement claims against us, and we may have to pursue litigation against other
parties to assert our rights. Any such claim or litigation could be costly. In addition, any event that would jeopardize our proprietary
rights or any claims of infringement by third parties could have a material adverse effect on our ability to market or sell our brands
or profitably exploit our products. 

If
we are unable to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, our stock price
and investor confidence in us could be materially and adversely affected. 

We
are required to maintain both disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting that are effective. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting, however well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable,
and not absolute, assurance that the controls will prevent or detect misstatements. Because of these and other inherent limitations of
control systems, there is only the reasonable assurance that our controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all potential conditions.
The failure of controls by design deficiencies or absence of adequate controls could result in a material adverse effect on our business
and financial results. 

27 

While
we are not aware of any data breach in the past, cyber-attacks, computer viruses or any future failure to adequately maintain security
and prevent unauthorized access to electronic and other confidential information could result in a data breach which could materially
adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results. 

The
protection of our customers , business partners , our Company s and employees data is critically important to
us. Our customers, business partners, and employees expect we will adequately safeguard and protect their sensitive personal and business
information. We have become increasingly dependent upon automated information technology processes. Improper activities by third parties,
exploitation of encryption technology, data-hacking tools and discoveries and other events or developments may result in a future compromise
or breach of our networks, payment terminals or other settlement systems. In particular, the techniques used by criminals to obtain unauthorized
access to sensitive data change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target; accordingly, we may be unable
to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. There can be no assurance that we will not suffer a criminal
cyber-attack in the future, that unauthorized parties will not gain access to personal or business information or sensitive data, or
that any such incident will be discovered in a timely manner. 

We
also face indirect technology, cybersecurity and operational risks relating to the third parties whom we work with to facilitate our
business activities, including, among others, third-party online service providers who manage accounts for our customers and external
cloud service provider. As a result of increasing consolidation and interdependence of technology systems, a technology failure, cyber-attack
or other information or security breach that significantly compromises the systems of one entity could have a material impact on its
counterparties. Any cyber-attack, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins or similar disruptions of such third-party service
providers could adversely affect our operations and could result in misappropriation of funds of our customers. 

Security
breaches or unauthorized access to confidential information could also expose us to liability related to the loss of the information,
time-consuming and expensive litigation and negative publicity. If security measures are breached because of third-party action, employee
error, malfeasance or otherwise, or if design flaws in our technology infrastructure are exposed and exploited, our relationships with
customers and cooperation partners could be severely damaged, we could incur significant liability and our business and operations could
be adversely affected. 

We
are substantially dependent upon our senior management and key information technology and development personnel. 

We
are highly dependent on our senior management to manage our business and operations and our marketing and distribution personnel for
the sale of products. In particular, we rely substantially on members of our senior management, including Chief Executive Officer, Lixin
Cai, and Chief Financial Officer, Cuiyao Luo and executives at our key subsidiaries to manage our operations. 

While
we provide the legally required personal insurance for the benefit of our employees, we do not maintain key man life insurance on any
of our senior management or key personnel. The loss of any one of them would have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.
Competition for senior management and our other key personnel is intense and the pool of suitable candidates is limited. We may be unable
to locate a suitable replacement for any senior management or key personnel that we lose. In addition, if any member of our senior management
or key personnel joins a competitor or forms a competing company, they may compete with us for customers, business partners and other
key professionals and staff members of our Company. Although each of our senior management and key personnel has signed a confidentiality
agreement in connection with their employment with us, we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully enforce these provisions
in the event of a dispute between us and any member of our senior management or key personnel. 

28 

We
compete for qualified personnel with other technology companies and research institutions. Intense competition for these personnel could
cause our compensation costs to increase, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our future success
and ability to grow our business will depend in part on the continued service of these individuals and our ability to identify, hire
and retain additional qualified personnel. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, we may be unable to meet our business
and financial goals. 

We
are dependent upon the services of experienced personnel who possess skills that are valuable in our industry, and we may have to actively
compete for their services. 

We
are heavily dependent upon our ability to attract, retain and motivate skilled personnel to serve our customers. Many of our personnel
possess skills that would be valuable to all companies engaged in our industry. Consequently, we expect that we will have to actively
compete for these employees. Some of our competitors may be able to pay our employees more than we are able to pay to retain them. Our
ability to profitably operate is substantially dependent upon our ability to locate, hire, train and retain our personnel. There can
be no assurance that we will be able to retain our current personnel, or that we will be able to attract and assimilate other personnel
in the future. If we are unable to effectively obtain and maintain skilled personnel, the development and quality of our services could
be materially impaired. See Our Employees. 

If
we fail to protect our intellectual property rights, it could harm our business and competitive position. 

We
rely on a combination of trademark and trade secret laws and non-disclosure agreements and other methods to protect our intellectual
property rights. We own a number of trademarks in China, all of which have been properly registered with regulatory agencies such as
the State Intellectual Property Office and Trademark Office. This intellectual property has allowed our products to earn market share
in the financial services and supply chain solutions industries. 

We
also rely on trade secret rights to protect our business through non-disclosure agreements with certain employees. If any of our employees
breach their non-disclosure obligations, we may not have adequate remedies in China, and our trade secrets may become known to our competitors.
In accordance with Chinese intellectual property laws and regulations, we will have to renew our trademarks once the terms expire. 

Implementation
of PRC intellectual property-related laws has historically been lacking, primarily because of ambiguities in the PRC laws and enforcement
difficulties. Accordingly, intellectual property rights and confidentiality protections in China may not be as effective as in the United
States or other western countries. Furthermore, policing unauthorized use of proprietary technology is difficult and expensive, and we
may need to resort to litigation to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, or to determine the enforceability, scope and
validity of our proprietary rights or those of others. Such litigation and an adverse determination in any such litigation, if any, could
result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention, which could harm our business and competitive position. 

29 

We
may be exposed to intellectual property infringement and other claims by third parties which, if successful, could disrupt our business
and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
success depends, in large part, on our ability to use and develop our intellectual property without infringing third party intellectual
property rights. If we sell our branded products internationally, and as litigation becomes more common in China, we face a higher risk
of being the subject of claims for intellectual property infringement, invalidity or indemnification relating to other parties 
proprietary rights. Our current or potential competitors, many of which have substantial resources and have made substantial investments
in competing technologies, may have or may obtain patents that will prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use or sell
our branded products in either China or other countries, including the United States and other countries in Asia. In addition, the defense
of intellectual property suits, including patent infringement suits, and related legal and administrative proceedings can be both costly
and time consuming and may significantly divert the efforts and resources of our technical and management personnel. Furthermore, an
adverse determination in any such litigation or proceedings to which we may become a party could cause us to: 

pay
 damage awards; 

seek
 licenses from third parties; 

pay
 ongoing royalties; or 

be
 restricted by injunctions. 

Each
of which could effectively prevent us from pursuing some or all of our business and result in our customers or potential customers deferring
or limiting their purchase or use of our branded products, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations. 

We
may not maintain sufficient insurance coverage for the risks associated with our business operations. As a result, we may incur uninsured
losses. 

Except
for property, accident and automobile insurance, we do not have other insurance of such as business liability or disruption insurance
coverage for our operations in the PRC. As a result, we may incur uninsured liabilities and losses as a result of the conduct of our
business. There can be no guarantee that we will be able to obtain additional insurance coverage in the future, and even if we are able
to obtain additional coverage, we may not carry sufficient insurance coverage to satisfy potential claims. Should uninsured losses occur,
it could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Operational
risks 

If
the products we sell are not safe or otherwise fail to meet our customers expectations, we could lose customers, incur liability
for any injuries suffered by customers using or consuming our products or otherwise experience a material impact to our brand, reputation
and financial performance. We are also subject to reputational and other risks related to third-party sales on our online platforms. 

Our
customers count on us to provide them with higher quality and safety engine oil and auto parts products. Concerns regarding the quality
and safety of engine oil and auto parts that we source from our suppliers or that we prepare and then sell could cause customers to avoid
purchasing certain engine oil products from us, or to seek alternative sources of supply for all of their engine oil and auto parts needs,
even if the basis for the concern is outside of our control. Any lost confidence on the part of our customers would be difficult and
costly to reestablish and such products also expose us to product liability or safety claims. As such, any issue regarding the safety
of any items we sell, regardless of the cause, could adversely affect our brand, reputation and financial performance. In addition, third-parties
sell goods on some of our online platforms. Whether laws related to such sales apply to us is currently unsettled and any unfavorable
changes could expose us to loss of sales, reduction in transactions and deterioration of our competitive position. In addition, we may
face reputational, financial and other risks, including liability, for third-party sales of goods that are controversial, counterfeit
or otherwise fail to comply with applicable law. Although we impose contractual terms on sellers that are intended to prohibit sales
of certain type of products, we may not be able to detect, enforce, or collect sufficient damages for breaches of such terms. Any of
these events could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations and impede the execution of our eCommerce
growth strategy. 

30 

Strategic
risks 

Failure
to successfully execute our online and offline-channel strategy and the cost of our investments in our online platform and technology
may materially adversely affect our gross profit, net sales and financial performance. 

The
automotive aftermarket products business continues to rapidly evolve and consumers increasingly embrace digital shopping. As a result,
the portion of total consumer expenditures with retailers and wholesale stores occurring through digital platforms is increasing and
the pace of this increase could continue to accelerate. Our strategy, which includes investments in our online platform, technology,
acquisitions and store remodels, may not adequately or effectively allow us to continue to grow our online platform business, increase
comparable store sales, maintain or grow our overall market position or otherwise offset the impact on the growth of our business of
a moderated pace of new store openings. 

Failure
to successfully execute this strategy may adversely affect our market position, gross profit, net sales and financial performance which
could also result in impairment charges to intangible assets or other long-lived assets. In addition, a greater concentration of online
platform sales, including increasing online engine oil and auto parts sales, could result in a reduction in the amount of traffic in
our stores, which would, in turn, reduce the opportunities for cross-store sales of food merchandise that such traffic creates and could
reduce our sales within our stores and materially adversely affect our financial performance. 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock 

Our
shares may not develop an active trading market and the price and trading volume of our shares may fluctuate significantly. 

Shares
of common stock are currently quoted on the OTC marketplace. We cannot predict whether investor interest in us will lead to the development
of an active and liquid trading market. If an active trading market does not develop, holders of our shares of common stock may have
difficulty selling our shares that may now be owned or may be purchased later. In addition, until we are able to be listed on a national
exchange, the number of investors willing to hold or acquire our shares may be reduced, we may receive decreased news and analyst coverage,
and we may be limited in our ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future on terms acceptable
to us, or at all. Even if an active trading market develops for our shares, the market price of our shares may be highly volatile and
could be subject to wide fluctuations. In addition, the trading volume of our shares may fluctuate and cause significant price variations
to occur. 

Future
sales of substantial amounts of the shares of our Common Stock by existing shareholders could adversely affect the price of our Common
Stock. 

If
our existing shareholders sell substantial amounts of the shares, then the market price of our Common Stock could fall. Such sales by
our existing shareholders might make it more difficult for us to issue new equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time
and place we deem appropriate. If any existing shareholders sell substantial amounts of shares, the prevailing market price for our shares
could be adversely affected. 

The
market price of our shares is likely to be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors such as: 

variations
 in our actual and perceived operating results; 

news
 regarding gains or losses of customers or partners by us or our competitors; 

31 

news
 regarding gains or losses of key personnel by us or our competitors; 

announcements
 of competitive developments, acquisitions or strategic alliances in our industry by us or our competitors; 

changes
 in earnings estimates or buy/sell recommendations by financial analysts; 

potential
 litigation; 

general
 market conditions or other developments affecting us or our industry; and 

the
 operating and stock price performance of other companies, other industries and other events or factors beyond our control. 

In
addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to
the operating performance of certain companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of
the shares. 

In
case that our shares trade under 5.00 per share they will be considered penny stock. Trading in penny stocks has many restrictions and
these restrictions could severely affect the price and liquidity of our shares. 

If
our stock trades below 5.00 per share, our stock would be known as a penny stock , which is subject to various
regulations involving disclosures to be given to you prior to the purchase of any penny stock. The U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC has adopted regulations which generally define a penny stock to be any equity
security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Depending on market fluctuations, our
Common Stock would be considered as a penny stock . A penny stock is subject to rules that impose additional sales
practice requirements on broker/dealers who sell these securities to persons other than established Members and accredited
investors. For transactions covered by these rules, the broker/dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase
of these securities. In addition, he must receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase. He
must also provide certain written disclosures to the purchaser. Consequently, the penny stock rules may restrict the
ability of broker/dealers to sell our securities and may negatively affect the ability of holders of shares of our Common Stock to
resell them. These disclosures require you to acknowledge that you understand the risks associated with buying penny stocks and that
you can absorb the loss of your entire investment. Penny stocks are low priced securities that do not have a very high trading
volume. Consequently, the price of the stocks is often volatile, and you may not be able to buy or sell the stock when you want
to. 

We
do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. 

We
do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Presently, we intend to retain all our earnings, if any, to finance
development and expansion of our business. Consequently, your only opportunity to achieve a positive return on your investment in us
will be if the market price of our Common Stock appreciates. 

Together,
our Director Mr. Xinrui Wang, Ms. Cuiyao Luo and Mr. Wenbin Mao, own a large percentage of our outstanding stock and could significantly
influence the outcome of our corporate matters. 

Mr.
Xinrui Wang, our Chairman, direct and indirect beneficially owns 55.61 of our outstanding shares of Common Stock, our CFO Ms. Cuiyao
Luo, direct beneficially owns 10.78 and Mr. Wenbin Mao beneficially owns 10.32 of our outstanding shares of Common Stock. As a result,
Messrs. Xinrui Wang, Ms. Cuiyao Luo and Wenbin Mao are collectively able to exercise significant influence over all matters that require
us to obtain shareholder approval, including the election of directors to our board and approval of significant corporate transactions
that we may consider, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. This concentration of ownership in our shares by executive
officers will limit other shareholders ability to influence corporate matters and may have the effect of delaying or preventing
a third party from acquiring control over us. 

32 

The
price of our common stock may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, and stockholders may not be able to
resell their shares. 

The
market price of our stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our revenue and other operating results; 

the
 financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet these projections; 

actions
 of securities analysts who initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow
 our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant products, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments; 

price
 and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole; 

lawsuits
 threatened or filed against us; and 

other
 events or factors, including those resulting from health pandemics, war or incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events. 

In
addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market
prices of securities of many companies. Stock prices of many companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the
operating performance of those companies. 

Provisions
in the Nevada Revised Statutes and our Bylaws could make it very difficult for an investor to bring any legal actions against our directors
or officers for violations of their fiduciary duties or could require us to pay any amounts incurred by our directors or officers in
any such actions. 

Members
of our board of directors and our officers will have no liability for breaches of their fiduciary duty of care as a director or officer,
except in limited circumstances, pursuant to provisions in the Nevada Revised Statutes and our Bylaws as authorized by the Nevada Revised
Statutes. Specifically, Section 78.138 of the Nevada Revised Statutes provides that a director or officer is not individually liable
to the company or its shareholders or creditors for any damages as a result of any act or failure to act in his or her capacity as a
director or officer unless it is proven that (1) the director s or officer s act or failure to act constituted a breach of
his or her fiduciary duties as a director or officer and (2) his or her breach of those duties involved intentional misconduct, fraud
or a knowing violation of law. This provision is intended to afford directors and officers protection against and to limit their potential
liability for monetary damages resulting from suits alleging a breach of the duty of care by a director or officer. Accordingly, you
may be unable to prevail in a legal action against our directors or officers even if they have breached their fiduciary duty of care.
In addition, we are allowed to indemnify our directors and officers from and against any and all costs, charges and expenses resulting
from their acting in such capacities with us. If you were able to enforce an action against our directors or officers, in all likelihood,
we would be required to pay any expenses they incurred in defending the lawsuit and any judgment or settlement they otherwise would be
required to pay. Accordingly, our indemnification obligations could divert needed financial resources and may adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock. 

33 

If
we continue to be unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, investors may lose
confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and investors may lose the value of their investment. 

As
a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such
internal control. In addition, we have been required to furnish a report by management on the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If we continue to identify material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting, if we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner or assert that our
internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express
an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting when required, investors may lose confidence in the
accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the price of our stock could be negatively affected, and we could become subject
to investigations by the SEC, FINRA or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and divert management s attention. 

As
a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act,
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, the listing requirements of the securities exchange on which we list, and other applicable
securities rules and regulations. Despite recent reforms made possible by the JOBS Act, compliance with these rules and regulations will
nonetheless increase our management, legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly
and increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. The Exchange
Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, semiannual, and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. 

As
a result of disclosure of information in this annual report, periodic reports, current reports and in other filings required of a public
company, our business and financial condition are more visible, which we believe may result in threatened or actual litigation, including
by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business and operating results could be harmed, and even if
the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them,
could divert the resources of our management and adversely affect our business, brand and reputation and results of operations. 

We
also expect that being a public company and these new rules and regulations will make it more expensive for us to obtain director and
officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage.
These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors, particularly
to serve on our audit committee and compensation committee, and qualified executive officers. 

We
incur increased costs as a result of being a public company. 

As
a public company, we incur legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. For example, we must now
engage U.S. securities law counsel and PCAOB auditors that we did not require as a private company, and we will have annual payments
for listing on a stock exchange if we are so listed. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as new rules subsequently implemented
by the SEC and NASDAQ, has required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. We expect these new rules and regulations
to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs and to make certain corporate activities more time-consuming and costly.
In addition, we incur additional costs associated with our public company reporting requirements. While it is impossible to determine
the amounts of such expenses in advance, we expect that we will incur additional expenses of between 500,000 and 1 million per year
that we did not experience as a private company. 

34 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

No,
we do not have any unresolved staff comments. 

Item
2. Properties 

We
currently maintain our principal executive offices at Room 401, 402 411 4 th Floor, East Block Building 5, Xintiandi
Business Center, No. 7 Anqiaogang Road, Gongshu District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, China, comprising an aggregate of 466.01
square meters, which expires on August 8, 2025. The current total yearly rental is RMB417,870 (approximately 57,957). 

CXJ
(Shenzhen) Technology Co., Ltd leased an office in Shenzhen at Room 1716, Block B Building 4, Tianan Digital City, Longgang District,
Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province, China, comprising of 50 square meters, which expires on December 30, 2024. The currently yearly rental
is RMB30,000 (approximately 4,161). 

Longkou
Xianganfu Trading Co., Ltd leased an office in Yantai at Fulai Street, Yantai Development Zone, Yantai City, Shangdong Province, China,
comprising of 40 square meters, which expires on December 31, 2024. The currently yearly rental is RMB42,000 (approximately 5,825) 

In
addition, we maintain one warehouse for automotive aftermarket products of more than 400 square meters, in Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province,
China, which expires on June 8, 2024. The current total yearly rental is RMB111,708 (approximately 15,493). 

 As
of May 31, 2024, the Company has total four separate operating lease agreements for three office space and one warehouse in PRC with
remaining lease terms of from 1 month to 14 months. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We
are not currently involved in any legal proceedings and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

35 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Pink under the trading symbol ECXJ . 

Trading
in stocks quoted on the OTC market is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that
may have little to do with a company s operations or business prospects. We cannot assure you that there will be a market for our
common stock in the future. 

Stockholders
of Record 

As
of May 31, 2024, there were 352 stockholders of all of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. 

Dividends 

We
have not declared any cash dividends with respect to our common stock and do not intend to declare dividends in the foreseeable future.
There are no material restrictions limiting, or that are likely to limit, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

We
have not adopted or approved an equity compensation plan. No options, warrants or other convertible securities have been granted outside
of an approved equity compensation plan . 

Transfer
Agent 

The
transfer agent for our capital stock is Vstock Transfer, LLC, with an address at 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, NY 11598 and telephone
number is 212-828-8436. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchase
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

As
a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information required by
this item. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in
this Annual Report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual
results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward- looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such
differences include, but are not limited to those discussed below and elsewhere in this Report. Our audited financial statements are
stated in U.S. Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

36 

Company
Overview 

CXJ
Group Co., Limited (the Company or ECXJ ), was incorporated in the State of Nevada on August 20, 1998. 

We
are an automobile exhaust cleaner and parts wholesaler, as well as an auto detailing store consultancy company. Our business mainly divided
into three sectors, namely sales of automobile exhaust cleaner and parts, provision of auto detailing store consultancy services and
authorization fee on our brand name Chejiangling / Teenage Hero Car . Through various acquisitions of high-quality upstream
and downstream companies in the industry, the Company creates a complete industrial chain to reduce costs and enhance competitiveness. 

During
the year 2023 and 2024, the Company conducted its business in generally four revenue streams: Brand name management fees, exhaust gas
cleaners, motor oil and auto parts. 

Results
of Operations 

Year
 Ended May 31, 
 Year
 to Year Comparison 

2024 
 2023 
 (as restated) 
 Increase/ 
 (Decrease) 

Revenue 
 2,318,712 
 2,126,387 
 192,325 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 (672,637 
 (949,496 
 276,859 
 
 Gross Profit 
 1,646,075 
 1,176,891 
 469,184 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 (3,791,453 
 (2,243,920 
 1,547,533 
 
 Other Income 
 11,255 
 12,648 
 (1,393 
 
 Interest Income 
 368 
 509 
 (141 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 (5,184 
 (6,235 
 1,051 
 
 Net Loss 
 (2,138,939 
 (1,060,107 
 (1,078,832 
 
 Less: Net Loss Attributable
 to Non-controlling Interest 
 (3,265 
 (1,800 
 (1,465 
 
 Net
 Loss Attributable to ECXJ 
 (2,135,674 
 (1,058,307 
 (1,077,367 

Revenue 

Revenue
totaled of 2,318,712 for the year ended May 31, 2024, an increase of 192,325 or 9 , as compared to that for the year ended May 31,
2023 of 2,126,387. The increment is mainly due to the increase of revenue of brand name management
fees 653,168, motor oil 120,113, and offset decrease of motor oil and spare parts 579,399 and others 1,557. 

Cost
of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue totaled of 672,637 for the year ended May 31, 2024, a decrease of 276,859, as compared to that of May 31, 2023 of 949,496.
 The decrement is mainly due to the decrease in sales of motor oil and spare parts 358,833, others
 5,698 and offset increase in sales of exhaust gas cleaners 87,672. 

Gross
Profit 

Gross
profit was 1,646,075 for the year ended May 31, 2024, an increase of 469,184, as compared to that of May 31, 2023 of 1,176,891. Gross
profit margin increased from 55.3 to 71 for the year ended May 31, 2024, primarily 

 due
to the increase in brand name management fees 653,168, sales of exhaust gas cleaners 32,441,
others 4,141 and offset decrease in sales of motor oil and spare parts 220,566. 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses are 3,791,453 and 2,243,920 for the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 respectively, as compared that is an increase of 1,547,533.
 The increase is mainly due to the increase in impairment of intangible assets 1,155,802, amortization
of intangible assets 42,217, impairment of goodwill 399,801, consultancy fee 303,344, promotion and advertisement expenses 46,866,
loss on disposal of subsidiary 25,229, others 11,182 and offset decrease payroll costs 212,104, sales commission 84,968, transportation
 33,892, conference expenses 38,896, R D expenses written off 27,347, travelling expenses 13,670, office expenses 15,735 and
bad debts 10,296. 

37 

Net
Income/(Loss) 

Net
loss totaled 2,135,674 and 1,058,307 for the year ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 respectively, that is an increase net loss of 1,077,367,
primarily due to the above changes of revenues and expenses. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Working
Capital 

Year
 Ended May 31, 
 Year
 to Year Comparison 

2024 
 2023 
 as restated) 
 Increase/ 
 (Decrease) 

Total Current Assets 
 535,302 
 1,420,705 
 (885,403 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 1,979,652 
 3,042,023 
 (1,062,371 
 
 Working
 Capital (Deficit) 
 (1,444,350 
 (1,621,318 
 176,968 

As
of May 31, 2024, we had working capital deficit of 1,444,350, an increase of working capital 176,968, as compared to working capital
deficit of 1,621,318 as of May 31, 2023, that is due to increase of working capital from total current liabilities of 1,062,371 and
offset decrease total current assets of 885,403. 

Increase
of working capital 176,968 is mainly due to decrement of advance received 1,301,839, accounts payables 223,967, due to related parties
 71,221, and offset decrease of cash and cash equivalents 656,930, prepayment, deposits and other receivables 218,443, inventories
 67,219, accounts receivables 2,780, increment of accrued expenses and other payable 439,018, operating lease liabilities 32,756 and
amount due to director 2,913. 

Cash
Flows 

Year
 Ended May 31, 
 Year
 to Year Comparison 

2024 
 2023 
 (as restated) 
 Increase/ 
 (Decrease) 

Cash Flows Used In Operating Activities 
 (590,038 
 (378,815 
 (211,223 
 
 Cash Flows Used In Investing Activities 
 (5,738 
 (1,451,288 
 1,445,550 
 
 Cash Flows (Used In)/Provided By Financing
 Activities. 
 (56,012 
 1,709,638 
 (1,765,650 
 
 Effects On Change In Foreign
 Exchange Rate 
 (5,142 
 (47,228 
 42,086 
 
 Net
 Change In Cash During The Year 
 (656,930 
 (167,693 
 (489,237 

38 

Cash
Flow from Operating Activities 

Cash
flows used in operating activities for the year ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 are 590,038 and 378,815 respectively, reflecting a decrease
cash flow of 211,223. The decrease in cash flow is mainly due to increase of net loss 1,078,832, advance received 843,382, accounts
payable 313,258, inventories 265,912, operating lease liabilities 11,120, bad debts written off 10,296, and offset increased of impairment
of intangible assets 1,155,802, amortization of intangible assets 42,217, impairment of goodwill 399,801, loss on disposal of subsidiary
 25,229, prepayment, deposit paid and other receivable 468,403, accrued liabilities, deposits received and other payables 212,659,
amortization of right-of-used assets 4,138, accounts receivables 2,437 and depreciation 891. 

Cash
Flow from Investing Activities 

Cash
flows used in investing activities are 5,738 and 1,451,288 for the year ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 respectively, reflecting an increase
cash flow of 1,445,550. The increase is mainly due to decreased purchased of copyrights 1,447,718, office equipment 1,495 and offset
net cash from acquisition and disposal of subsidiary 3,123. 

Cash
Flow from Financing Activities 

Cash
flow used in financing activities is 56,012 for the year ended May 31, 2024, compared to cash flow provided by financing activities
 1,709,638 for the year ended May 31, 2023, reflecting a decrease cash flow of 1,765,650. The decrease was mainly due decrease in proceeds
from share issuance 1,594,688, advance from directors 120,875 and advances to related parties 50,087. 

Critical
Accounting Policy and Estimates 

In
the ordinary course of business, we make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of results of operations and
financial condition in the preparation of our financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
We base our estimates on historical experience, when available, and on other various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under
the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources
that is material to investors. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
consolidated financial statements of the Company are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1, which are incorporated
herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

The
disclosure with respect to the change in our accountants required under this section was previously reported as such term is defined
in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on May 9, 2024. As previously disclosed, there were no disagreements or any reportable events to disclose. 

39 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Control and Procedures. 

We
conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure
controls and procedures , as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by the company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures
also include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in
the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including
its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded as of May
31, 2024, that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

The
matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of well-established procedures to identify, approve and review related party
transactions; (2) Inadequate design of controls related to business combination transactions accounting given the accounting complexities
of business combinations, including, but not limited to, lack of mindset and methods to assess the value of the business prior to acquisition,
inadequate process to determine the purchase price, lack of professional understanding to determine when the control of the business
acquired is transferred or when the transaction is completed, and inability to make the appropriate disclosure; and (3) the Board does
not have a director who qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the
supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the board of directors (the
 Board ), management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Apply
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
 of the company 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 GAAP and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
 of the company; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material
misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent
limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to
reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

40 

We
carried out an assessment, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, as of May 31, 2024. Management based the assessment on criteria for effective internal control over financial
reporting described in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(2013 framework). Management s assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting
and testing of the operational effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. Based
on this assessment, management has concluded that as of May 31, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. In an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses
and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated, or plan to initiate, the following series of measures: 

We
 have increased our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function and intend to hire one or
 more additional personnel for the function due to turnover. 

We
 will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives. 

We
 plan to prepare written policies and procedures for operating, accounting and financial reporting to establish a formal process to
 close our books monthly on an accrual basis and account for all transactions, including equity and debt transactions. 

We
 plan to test our updated controls and remediate our deficiencies in the year 2025. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. The Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in
this Annual Report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

There
was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended May 31, 2024, which has materially
affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting, except that we have hired outside
consultant to remediate our material weakness in lack of accounting and finance personnel with technical knowledge in SEC rules and regulations. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

. 

41 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers and directors as of the date of this Annual Report. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 

Xinrui
 Wang 
 
 45 
 
 Chairman 
 
 Lixin
 Cai 
 
 36 
 
 CEO,
 Secretary and Director 
 
 Cuiyao
 Luo 
 
 43 
 
 CFO
 and Treasurer 
 
 Rudong
 Shi 
 
 46 
 
 Director
 and GM of Longkou Xianganfu Trading Co., Ltd. 

Xinrui
Wang , graduated from Dahua Group Technical College and obtained his Fine Chemical Bachelor s degree from University of Science
 Technology, Beijing in 2002. Xinrui Wang has extensive knowledge in network optimal design, mathematical modeling and enterprises
management. He started his own business in 2011. From 2016 to now, Xinrui Wang founded and has been serving as president in Hebei Changlai
Changwang Network Technology Co., Ltd. In the same year, Xinrui Wang founded the Chang Lai Chang Wang (Hangzhou) E-commerce Co., Ltd,
where he served as President. He is responsible for all aspects of business development and strategic planning for the business and established
and maintained company policies and procedures. From June 2019 to now, He invested in CXJ Group Co., Ltd and serves as a director based
on his previous years experience in e-commerce and was interest in automobile products manufacturing and selling. 

Lixin
Cai obtained a college s degree in Vehicle Inspection and maintenance professional from Central South University in 2010. From
2010 to 2012, he served at Hangzhou Xiaomuzhi Auto Maintenance Technology Co., Ltd. and was subsequently promoted to Marketing Manager.
His major responsibilities were planned, executed, and led online marketing tactics, resulting in wide range company advancements.From
2012 to 2019, he joined Hangzhou Kuaidian Maintenance Technology Development Co., Ltd. and served as Operating Controller. He was responsible
to lead company s internal operational teams including designating roles, assigning objectives, and monitoring and evaluating results
and reports. Due to Mr. Cai s status as a qualified expert in auto industry, along with his 10 years of professional working experience,
the Board of Directors has determined it best to appoint him to the position of Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

Cuiyao
Luo has three degrees, her first college s degree in Proximate Analysis was from Zhejiang Shuren University in 2000, her second
college s degree in Computer Science and Technology was from Hunan University in 2003 and earned her master s degree in Administration
Major in Jiangnan University. From 2003 to 2005, Ms. Luo worked at Zhejiang Talent Specialized College as office director of the Teacher
Training Institution. Her responsibilities include fostering communication and providing advice on critical issues. Ms. Luo became the
President Assistant and Marketing Manager in Hangzhou Xiaomuzhi Auto Maintenance Technology Co., Ltd since from year 2006 to 2012. 

From
year 2013 to present, she founded her own company Shaodong Xian Liang Shi Zhen Cuiyao Home Appliance Sales Department .
Due to Ms. Luo s over 18 years of experience in management of various businesses, the Board of Directors elected to appoint Ms.
Luo to the positions of Chief Operating Officer the company. 

Rudong
Shi has more than 20 years of working experience in construction of road and bridges, and trading of motor oil. From 2000 to 2015,
Mr. Shi was working with China Railway Construction Group as Senior Engineer and participated in Beijing-Zhuhai Expressway, Qinghai-Tibet
Railway and Qingdao- Rongcheng Intercity Railway. Form 2015 to present, he is the founder and managing director of Yantai Tongcheng Cars
and Services Co., Ltd., and his company is our flagship in Yantai city. 

42 

He
graduated from University of Agricultural Shangdong and major in construction of road and bridges (2000), and obtained his national registered
second-level construction engineer (municipal) and the national first-level registered construction engineer (housing construction). 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships, or other arrangements or understandings between or among any of the directors or executive officer. 

Board
of Directors 

All
directors hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified.
Directors are elected at the annual meetings to serve for one-year terms. Officers are elected by, and serve at the discretion of, the
board of directors. Our board of directors shall hold meetings on at least a quarterly basis. 

The
board of directors has determined to comply with the NASDAQ Listing Rules with respect to certain corporate governance matters. As a
smaller reporting company, under the NASDAQ rules we are only required to maintain a board of directors composed of at least 50 independent
directors, and an audit committee of at least two members, composed solely of independent directors who also meet the requirements of
Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered
class of our equity securities, file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten
percent stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on our review
of the copies of the forms received by us and written representations from certain reporting persons that they have complied with the
relevant filing requirements, we believe that, during the year ended May 31, 2024, all of our executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten
percent stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements. 

Director
Independence 

We
are not currently subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements
that a majority of the Board be independent and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have our Board comprised
of a majority of independent directors. Neither of our directors is independent under the applicable standards. 

Board
Committees 

We
currently have not established any committees of the Board. Our Board may designate from among its members an executive committee and
one or more other committees in the future. We do not have a nominating committee. Further, we do not have a policy with regard to the
consideration of any director candidates recommended by security holders. To date, other than as described above, no security holders
have made any such recommendations. Our Board performs all functions that would otherwise be performed by committees. Given the present
size of our board, it is not practical for us to have committees. If we are able to grow our business and increase our operations, we
intend to expand the size of our board and allocate responsibilities accordingly. 

Audit
Committee 

We
have no separate audit committee at this time. The entire Board oversees our audits and auditing procedures. Neither of our directors
is not an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K. 

43 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have no separate compensation committee at this time. The entire Board oversees the functions, which would be performed by a compensation
committee. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the
business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. A copy of the code of ethics is available on our website at
http://www.ecxj.net/ and is attached as Exhibit 14.4 to this Annual Report. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
our knowledge, there are no material proceedings to which any of our directors, officers or affiliates of the Company is a party adverse
to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered
class of our equity securities, file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten
percent stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on our review
of the copies of the forms received by us and written representations from certain reporting persons that they have complied with the
relevant filing requirements, we believe that, during the year ended May 31, 2024, all of our executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten
percent stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
following table sets forth the compensation paid or accrued by us to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and directors
for the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 All Other
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Lixin Cai 
 2024 
 43,892 

43,892 
 
 (CEO Secretary and Director) 
 2023 
 41,378 

41,378 

Rudong Shi 
 2024 
 24,965 

24,965 
 
 (Director and GM of Longkou Xianganfu Trading
 Co., Ltd) 
 2023 
 20,260 

20,260 

Cuiyao Luo 
 2024 

(CFO Treasurer) 
 2023 

Xinrui Wang 
 2024 

(Chairman) 
 2023 

(1)
Mr. Lixin Cai was appointed by the Board to serve as the Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and a director of the Company since June
21, 2019. 

(2 Mr.
Rudong Shi was appointed by the Board to serve as the General Manager of Longkuo Xianganfu Trading Co., Ltd and director of the Company
since May 13, 2022. 

44 

Employment
Agreements with Named Executive Officers 

On
December 20, 2019, the Company and Mr. Lixin Cai entered into an employment agreement (the Employment Agreement setting
forth the terms and conditions of Mr. Cai s employment as Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary. Pursuant to the Employment
Agreement, Mr. Cai will serve as the Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary for a term of one year, subject to automatic renewal
for successive one-year terms, unless either party gives 60-day prior notice of non-renewal. Mr. Cai is entitled to an annual base salary
of 47,235 for his services and participation in all compensation and employee benefit plans. Should Mr. Cai be terminated for cause,
or by reason of death or disability, or resign without good reason (as such terms are defined in the Employment Agreement), Mr. Cai shall
be entitled to receive his base salary and benefits through the end of his employment and such other compensation and benefits as may
be provided in applicable plans and programs of the Company. In the case of termination by death, 

Mr.
Cai is entitled to receive the portion of stock option to the extent vested prior to the end of his employment. Should Mr. Cai be terminated
without cause (other than due to death or disability) or resign for good reason, he shall be entitled to receive any accrued and unpaid
base salary, benefits and the stock option to the extent vested through the end of his employment, as well as continuation of his base
salary for three months following of the end of his employment. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards 

There
were no outstanding equity awards, as of May 31, 2024. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

We
currently do not have an equity compensation plan. 

Director
Compensation 

We
did not pay our directors any compensation for their services as a director during the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our executive officers currently serves, or has served during the last completed fiscal year, on the compensation committee or board
of directors of any other entity (other than a subsidiary or a consolidated affiliate of the Company) that has one or more executive
officers serving as a member of our Board or Compensation Committee. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth certain information, regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock as of May 26,
2024 by (i) each shareholder known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of its common stock, (ii) by each director
and executive officer of the Company and (iii) by all executive officers and directors of the Company as a group. Each of the persons
named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to common stock beneficially owned. 

45 

The
information presented below regarding beneficial ownership of our voting securities has been presented in accordance with the rules of
the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, a person
is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of
the security or the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. A person is deemed to own beneficially any security as
to which such person has the right to acquire sole or shared voting or investment power within sixty (60) days through the conversion
or exercise of any convertible security, warrant, option, or other right. More than one (1) person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner
of the same securities. The percentage of beneficial ownership by any person as of a particular date is calculated by dividing the number
of shares beneficially owned by such person, which includes the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting
or investment power within sixty (60) days, by the sum of the number of shares outstanding as of such date. Consequently, the denominator
used for calculating such percentage may be different for each beneficial owner. Except as otherwise indicated below and under applicable
community property laws, we believe that the beneficial owners of our common stock listed below have sole voting and investment power
with respect to the shares shown. 

The
column entitled Percentage of Shares Beneficially Owned is based on a total of 101,710,517 shares of our common stock outstanding
as of May 31, 2024. 

Name and Address
 of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount
 and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage
 of Class 
 
 Xinrui Wang 
 52,814,020 
 51.93 
 
 CXJ Investment Holding Ltd (Controlled
 by Xinrui Wang) 
 3,745,000 
 3.68 
 
 Lixin Cai 
 1,364,800 
 1.34 
 
 New Charles Technology Group Limited (Controlled
 by Lixin Cai) 
 3,673,830 
 3.61 
 
 Wenbin Mao 
 10,500,000 
 10.32 
 
 Baiwan Niu 
 4,500,000 
 4.42 
 
 Cuiyao Luo 
 10,960,600 
 10.78 
 
 Rudong Shi 
 50,000 
 0.05 

The
Company does not know any arrangements which may result in a change in control of the Company at a subsequent date. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence 

New
Charles Technology Group Limited is 100 controlled by CEO, Mr. Lixin Cai, owing 300 to the Company for year ended May 31, 2024; 

Hangzhou
Xieli Internet Technology Co., Ltd is 100 controlled by CFO, Ms. Cuiyao Luo, borrowed short term loan 59,669 from the Company for the
year ended May 31, 2024. 

Ms.
Cuiyao Luo, our CFO of the Company, advanced working capital in the amount of 284,222 and 281,134 for the years ended May 31, 2024
and 2023. 

Mr.
Rudong Shi, director of the Company, advanced working capital 9,530 and 9,705 for the year ended May 31, 2024 and 2023. 

For
more related party transactions, see Note 13 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

46 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
following table shows the fees that we paid or accrued for the audit and other services provided by our independent registered public
accounting firms for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Year
 Ended May 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 (as restated) 

Audit Fees (1) 
 65,297 
 43,736 
 
 Tax Fees (2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees (3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 65,297 
 43,736 

(1)
This category consists of audit fees for professional services rendered by the principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial
statements and review of financial statements included in our Form 10-Q or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years. 

(2)
This category consists of tax fees for professional services rendered by principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax
planning. 

(3)
This category consists of all other fees for services provided by principal accountant other than the services described above. 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)
Documents filed as part of this Annual Report 

(1)
All Financial Statements 

The
consolidated financial statements as listed in the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements are filed as
part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient
to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto included in this Form 10-K. 

47 

(3)
Exhibits 

Number 
 
 Description 

10.1 
 
 Equity
 transfer agreement, dated August 1, 2023 CXJ Group Co., Limited disposal 51 equity interest of Xishijie Automobile Industry Ecology
 Technology Co., Ltd (formerly known as Shenzhen Lanbei Ecological Technology Co., Ltd) to Wang Qing with consideration RMB1. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of the registrant 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) . 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Item
16. Form 10 K Summary 

None. 

48 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CXJ
 Group Co., Limited 

Date:
 November 8, 2024 

By : 
 /s/
 Lixin Cai 

Name: 
 Lixin
 Cai 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Director and Secretary 

(Principal Executive
 Officer) 

By : 
 /s/
 Cuiyao Luo 

Name: 
 Cuiyao
 Luo 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

49 

CXJ
Group Co., Limited 

 Consolidated
Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 (as restated) 

Contents 
 Page 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - J S Associate PLT (PCAOB ID: 6743) 
 F-1 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Zhen Hui Certified Public Accountant (PCAOB ID: 957) 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 F-6 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-7 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Equity 
 F-8 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-9 

Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 F-10
 to F-30 

50 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

J S
 ASSOCIATE PLT 
 202206000037
(LLP0033395-LCA) AF002380 (Registered
 with PCAOB and MIA) B-11-14,
 Megan Avenue II 12,Jalan
 Yap Kwan Seng, 50450, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
 
 Tel:
 +603-4813 9469 
 Email
 : info@jns-associate.com 
 Website
 : jns-associate.com 

CXJ
GROUP CO., LIMITED 

 The
Board of Directors and Shareholders 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Opinion
on the Financial Statement 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of CXJ Group Co., Limited and its subsidiaries (the Company as
of May 31, 2024 and the related consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss, statement of changes in equity, and cash
flows for the year ended May 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of May 31, 2024,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended May 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 3, the Company generated negative cash flow 590,038 and 378,815 in the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 (as restated) respectively.
In addition, for the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 (as restated), the Company reported net loss of 2,128,854 and 969,087 respectively.
These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans with
regards to these matters are also described in Note 3 to the financial statements. These financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current year audit of the financial statements that were communicated or are required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements, and
(2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in
any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters
below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 1 

J S
 ASSOCIATE PLT 
 202206000037
(LLP0033395-LCA) AF002380 (Registered
 with PCAOB and MIA) B-11-14,
 Megan Avenue II 12,Jalan
 Yap Kwan Seng, 50450, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
 
 Tel:
 +603-4813 9469 
 Email
 : info@jns-associate.com 
 Website
 : jns-associate.com 

Revenue
recognition 

As
described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 606, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (ASC 606). We assessed the revenue recognition as a critical audit matter in relation to the complexity and
judgement involved in applying ASC 606 to the Company s contract with its customers. 

The
Company s revenue is primarily generated from the sales of automobile exhaust cleaners and auto parts directly to customers and
from brand name authorization fee and brand name management service under separate contracts. Revenue is recognized on a gross basis
as the Company is acting as a principal in these transactions, is responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified merchandise
and also has pricing discretion. Revenue for trading contracts is recognized at a point in time. The Company recognizes revenues net
of discounts and return allowances when the goods are delivered to the customers, when control of the products has transferred, being
when the products are delivered to the customer. Revenue from the maintenance service to the members is recognized at a point in time
when services are provided. Revenue from the management service to the customer is recognized as the performance obligation is satisfied
over time over the contracting period. 

Our
key consideration in our evaluation of revenue recognition involved assessing the appropriateness of the Company s application
of ASC 606, including the identification and measurement of performance obligations, the accounting for the transaction price and the
consideration of whether the revenue should be recognized at a point in time or over time. Our audit procedures to assess the above,
among others, included: 

1. Understanding
 the nature of revenue and the underlying processes and controls implemented by management
 in accounting for the revenue; 

2. Understanding
 and evaluating the Company s revenue recognition policies and procedures, including
 the adoption and application of ASC 606; 

3. Evaluating
 the identification and measurement of the performance obligations, including the Company s
 determination of whether they are distinct or combined; 

4. Performance
 of an analytical review analysis of the movement of the revenue recognized from prior year
 to current year and obtained reasons for significant movements; 

5. Testing
 a sample of revenue items recognized in the financial period and agreeing to the contracts
 and other supporting evidence to ensure accuracy, completeness and timing of revenue recognized; 

6. Consideration
 of the consistency of evidence obtained in other areas of the audit; 

7. Assessment
 of the adequacy of the Company s disclosures related to revenue recognition under ASC
 606. 

Assessment
for impairment of Goodwill 

As
described in Notes 9 to the consolidated financial statements and in accordance with ASC 350, the Company s goodwill balance was
 1,742,577 as of May 31, 2024. Management evaluates goodwill for impairment annually, or if an event or other circumstance indicates
that it may not recover the carrying value of the asset. If a qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the
carrying value of a reporting unit goodwill exceeds its fair value, a quantitative impairment test is performed. If the carrying amount
of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, an impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying
amount exceeds the fair value, not to exceed the amount of goodwill recorded for that reporting unit. As of May 31, 2024, the Company
performed a quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for the reporting unit. The estimated fair value of the reporting unit was below
the goodwill amount and, therefore, an impairment loss of 1,049,984 was recorded. Management determines the fair value of the reporting
unit by using a combination of discounted cash flow and market valuation methodologies. Significant judgments and assumptions for the
quantitative goodwill tests performed include discount rates, terminal growth rates, inflation rate, revenue and cost of sales projections. 

F- 2 

J S
 ASSOCIATE PLT 
 202206000037
(LLP0033395-LCA) AF002380 (Registered
 with PCAOB and MIA) B-11-14,
 Megan Avenue II 12,Jalan
 Yap Kwan Seng, 50450, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
 
 Tel:
 +603-4813 9469 
 Email
 : info@jns-associate.com 
 Website
 : jns-associate.com 

Our
audit procedures to assess the above, among others, included: 

1. Understanding
 and evaluating the Company s accounting for the valuation of goodwill and the impairment
 loss in relation to ASC 350; 

2. Inspection
 of the valuation obtained by the Company from the independent appraiser in relation to the
 valuation of the goodwill; 

3. Assessment
 of the expertise of the appraiser used by the Company; 

4. Assessment
 of the reasonableness and appropriateness of the valuation model adopted by the appraiser; 

5. Examination
 of the key inputs used by the appraiser in their valuation of the goodwill, for accuracy
 and reasonableness; 

6. Evaluation
 of the key assumptions adopted by the appraiser in their valuation, for reasonableness; 

7. Reperformance
 of the calculation of the impairment loss on goodwill to confirm accuracy of the calculation; 

8. Agreeing
 the computed impairment loss on goodwill from the calculation to the posting in the management
 accounts and ensuring that the impairment has been accounted for in the correct financial
 year, at the correct amounts and that the impairment was allocated to the appropriate financial
 statement line items; 

9. Considering
 the consistency of evidence obtained in other areas of the audit; 

10. 
 Assessing
 the adequacy of the Company s disclosures related to the impairment loss on goodwill. 

We
determined that there were no other critical audit matters. 

/s/

Certified
Public Accountants 

 Firm
ID: 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2024. 

November
8, 2024 

F- 3 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

F- 4 

F- 5 

CXJ
Group Co., Limited 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 As
of May 31, 2024 and 2023 (as restated) 

2024 
 2023 
 (as restated) 

Audited 
 Audited 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivables 

Prepayments 

Deposits and other receivables 

Due from related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Inventories 

Total Current Assets 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 
 - 

Goodwill 

Operating lease right-of-use
 assets 

Total Non-current Assets 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payables 

Advanced received 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Due to related party 
 - 

Amount due to directors 

A mount due to related party 

Operating lease liabilities,
 net of current portion 

Total Current Liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Operating lease liabilities,
 non-current portion 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common stock, par value, and shares authorized,
 and shares issued and outstanding as of May 31,2024 and May 31, 2023 respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total CXJ Group Stockholders 
 Equity 

Non-controlling interest 
 - 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

CXJ
Group Co., Limited 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

 For
the Years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 (as restated) 

2024 
 2023 
 (as restated) 

Audited 
 Audited 

Revenue 

Cost of Sales 

Gross Profit 

Other Income/(Expenses) 

Selling and Distribution Expenses 

General Administrative
 Expenses 

Profit/(Loss) from Operation 

Interest Income 

Profit/(Loss) Before Income
 Tax 

Income Tax Expense 

Net Profit/(Loss) Before
 Non-Controlling Interest 

Less: Non-Controlling
 Interest 

Net Profit/(Loss) For The
 Year 

Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss): 

- Foreign Exchange Adjustment
 Gain/(Loss) 

COMPREHENSIVE
 PROFIT/(LOSS) 

Net Loss Per Share -
 Basic And Diluted 

Weighted average number
 of common shares outstanding Basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

CXJ
Group Co., Limited 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Equity 

 For
the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 (as restated) 

For
The Year Ended May 31, 2024 

Number
 of 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 
 Comprehensiv e 
 Income 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Controlling
 Interest 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 

Accumulated 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Other 
 
 Non- 
 Total 

Number
 of 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-In 
 Capital 
 Comprehensiv e 
 Income 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Controlling
 Interest 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 

Balance
 as of May 31, 2023 

Disposal
 of Subsidiary 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net
 Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Non-controlling
 Interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 as of May 31, 2024 

- 

For The Year
Ended May 31, 2023 (as restated) 

Accumulated 

Common
 Stock 

Additional 

Other 

Non- 

Total 

Number
 of 
 Shares 

Amount 

Paid-In 
 Capital 

Comprehensiv e 
 Income 

Accumulated 
 Deficit 

Controlling
 Interest 

Stockholders 
 Equity 

Balance as of May 31, 2022 

() 

() 

Balance 

() 

() 

Common Stock Issued 

- 

- 

- 

Accumulated other Comprehensive Income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net Loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 
 
 Non-controlling Interest 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Balance as of May 31,
 2023 

() 

Balance 

() 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

CXJ
Group Co., Limited 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 For
the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 (as restated) 

2024 
 2023 
 (as restated) 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING
 ACTIVITIES: 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Bad debts written off 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Impairment of intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of goodwill 

Loss on disposal of subsidiary 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Accounts receivables 

Prepayments, deposits and other receivables 

Inventories 

Accounts payables 

Advance received 

Accrued liabilities, deposit received and other
 payables 

Operating lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating
 activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING
 ACTIVITY: 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment 

Purchase of intangible assets 
 - 

Acquisition of subsidiary, net of cash acquired 
 - 

Disposal of subsidiary,
 net of cash disposed 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing
 activity 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING
 ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from share issuance 
 - 

Advance to related parties 

Advances from directors 

Net cash (used in)/provided
 by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate
 changes on cash and cash equivalents 

Net change in cash and cash
 equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents,
 beginning of year 

CASH
 AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

F- 9 

shares of Series A Preferred stock and shares of common stock for a purchase price of . 

On
June 21, 2019, Lixin Cai was appointed act as the new President, CEO, Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company.
On June 21, 2019, Cuiyao Luo was appointed act as the new CFO, Treasurer and Member of the Board of Directors of the Company. On September
30, 2019, the Company appointed three more members to the Board of Directors of the Company, and they are Xinrui Wang, Wenbin Mao and
Baiwan Niu. 

Effective
July 9, 2019 we changed our name from Global Entertainment Corp to CXJ Group Co., Limited. On July 12, 2019, the Company effectuated
a , while the authorized shares of common stock and preferred shares totally had been increased to .
As a result of the foregoing we changed our trading symbol from GNTP and began trading as ECXJ on August 5, 2019. 

On
October 4, 2019, Xinrui Wang (the Seller ), entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement to pursuant to which the Seller agreed
to sell to Wenbin Mao and Baiwan Niu (the Purchasers ), totaling preferred stock of the Company Shares owned by the Seller, for an amount of . to common shares. As a result of the conversion, there was no preferred
stock outstanding of the Company as of October 8, 2019. 

On
May 28, 2020, we consummated the transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement among the Company, CXJ Investment Group Company
Limited, a British Virgin Islands Corporation CXJ and the shareholder of CXJ, pursuant to which we acquired all the ordinary
shares of CXJ in exchange for the issuance to the shareholder of CXJ of an aggregate of shares of the Company. The shareholder
is the selling security holder in this prospectus and are all affiliates. As a result of the transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange,
CXJ became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Effective
May 13, 2022, we have appointed Messrs. Tianbing Yang and Rudong Shi as members of our Board of Directors. 

On
June 14, 2022, the Company completed the issuance and sales of an aggregate of shares at a price of per shares with each
share consisting of one share of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock in a private
placement to Minggang Qian (the Purchaser ), pursuant to the Subscription Agreement dated as of June 9, 2022 between the
Company and the Purchaser. The net proceeds to the Company amounted to . The in proceeds went directly to the Company
as working capital. 

On
July 15, 2022, Mr. Wenbin Mao, Mr. Baiwan Niu, Mr. Tianbing Yang and Ms. Cuiyao Luo tendered their resignation for personal reasons and
resigned as members of the Board of the Company effective from 28 July, 2022. The Board accepted the resignation of Mr. Wenbin Mao, Mr.
Baiwan Niu, Mr. Tianbing Yang and Ms. Cuiyao Luo , and expressed sincere gratitude for their service term as a member of the Board. 

On
August 1, 2023, CXJ Technology (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd, a Chinese corporation and a subsidiary of the Company signed an equity transfer agreement
(the Agreement with Mr. Qing Wang. Under this agreement, the Company will dispose equity of Xishijie Automobile Industry
Ecology Technology Co., Ltd (formerly known as Shenzhen Lanbei Ecological Technology Co., Ltd), a Chinese company Xishijie with a purchase price of RMB yuan. After this Agreement comes into force, Xishijie Automobile Industry Ecology Technology Co., Ltd
will no longer the subsidiary of CXJ Group Co., Ltd. 

On
August 14, 2023, the Board approved the appointment of Zhen Hui Certified Public Accountant Zhen Hui as the Company s
new independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2022 and May 31, 2023 effective immediately. 

On
May 3, 2024, the Board approved the resignation of Zhen Hui as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm with
immediate effective. 

On
May 3, 2024, the Board approved the appointment of J S Associate Plt J S as the Company s new independent
registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2024 effective immediately. 

On
September 1, 2024, the Company entered the Subscription Agreement with Zhongxin Lei (the Purchaser to issue and sales
of an aggregate of shares at a price of per shares with each share consisting of one share of the Company s common
stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ). The net proceeds to the Company amounted to and went directly
to the Company as working capital 

On
September 1, 2024, the Company entered the Subscription Agreement with Shiguo Wang (the Purchaser to issue and sales of
an aggregate of shares at a price of per shares with each share consisting of one share of the Company s common
stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ). The net proceeds to the Company amounted to and went directly
to the Company as working capital. 

On
September 2, 2024, the Company entered the Subscription Agreement with Shiguo Wang (the Purchaser to issue and sales of
an aggregate of shares at a price of per shares with each share consisting of one share of the Company s common
stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ). The net proceeds to the Company amounted to and went directly
to the Company as working capital. 

ECXJ,
through its wholly owned subsidiary, CXJ and its subsidiaries and the VIE own and operate an active automobiles products trading and
services business in the People s Republic of China. 

US CXJ 

CXJ (HK) Technology Group Company Ltd 
 
 BVI CXJ 

CXJ (Shenzhen) Technology Co., Ltd 
 
 HK CXJ 

VIE: 

CXJ Technology (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd 
 
 SZ CXJ 

Qingdao Hong Run Kuo Ye Network Technology
 Co., Ltd 
 
 HZ CXJ 

Xishijie Automobile Industry Ecological Technology
 Co., Ltd (Formerly known as Shenzhen Lanbei Ecological Technology Co., Ltd.) 
 
 HZ CXJ 

Longkou Xianganfu Trading Co., Ltd. 
 
 SZ CXJ 

The
Company disposed of its equity interest of Xishijie Automobile Industry Ecological Technology Co., Ltd (formerly known as Shenzhen
Lanbei Ecological Technology Co., Ltd on August 1, 2023 to a third party for a consideration of RMB . 

Period-average RMB: US 1 exchange rate 

Exchange rate 

The
RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions.
No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been, or could be, converted into US dollars at the rates used in translation. 

. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of their
estimated useful lives or their respective lease terms, which are generally five to . Buildings are being depreciated over twenty-five
years . Expenditures for major improvements and betterments are capitalized, while minor repairs and maintenance are charged to expense
as incurred. Upon the retirement or disposition of property and equipment, the related cost and accumulated depreciation or amortization
are removed, and a gain or loss is recorded. 

and during the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023
respectively. 

Refer
to Note 8 for additional information on intangible assets. 

Product
Revenue 

We
generate revenue primarily from the sales of automobile exhaust cleaners and auto parts directly to customers. We recognize product revenue
at a point in time when the control of the products has been transferred to customers. The transfer of control is considered complete
when products have been picked up by or shipped to our customers. Our sales arrangements for automobile exhaust cleaners, motor oil and
auto parts usually require a full prepayment before the delivery of products. 

We
also generate revenue from the sales of auto parts directly to the customers, such as a business or individual engaged in auto parts
businesses. We recognize revenue at a point in time when products are delivered and customer acceptance is made. For the sales arrangements
of auto parts products, we generally require payment upon issuance of invoices. 

Service
Revenue 

We
also generate revenue from brand name authorization fee and brand name management service under separate contracts. Revenue from brand
name authorization and management services include service fees for provision of brand name teenage hero car to our members,
and provision of management service. Revenue from the maintenance service to the members is recognized at a point in time when services
are provided. Revenue from the management service to the customer is recognized as the performance obligation is satisfied over time
over the contracting period. 

of its profit. Such an appropriation is
necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to of the enterprise s PRC registered capital. As of May 31, 2024,
the Company s WFOE and its VIEs did not make the provision for the statutory reserves. 

for one bank. However, the Company believes that the risk of failure of any of these Chinese banks is remote. Bank failure is uncommon
in the PRC and the Company believes that those Chinese banks that hold the Company s cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments
are financially sound based on public available information. 

Other
than the deposit insurance mechanism in the PRC mentioned above, the Company s bank accounts are not insured by Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation insurance or other insurance. 

Concentration
and credit risk 

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to the concentration of credit risks consist of cash and short-term investments. The
maximum exposures of such assets to credit risk are their carrying amounts as of the balance sheet dates. The Company deposits its cash
and cash equivalents with financial institutions located in jurisdictions where the subsidiaries are located. The Company believes that
no significant credit risk exists as these financial institutions have high credit quality. 

The
Company s also exposure to credit risk associated with its trading and other activities is measured on an individual counterparty
basis, as well as by group of counterparties that share similar attributes. Concentrations of credit risk can be affected by changes
in political, industry, or economic factors. To reduce the potential for risk concentration, the Company generally requires customers
to make payment in advance before delivery of the goods and services, and special approval is required for credit sales to specific customers. 

Interest
rate risk 

Fluctuations
in market interest rates may negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. The Company is exposed to floating
interest rate risk on cash deposit and floating rate borrowings, and the risks due to changes in interest rates is not material. The
Company has not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest risk exposure. 

or more of the Company s securities and their immediate families,
(ii) the Company s management, (iii) someone that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control
with the Company, or (iv) anyone who can significantly influence the financial and operating decisions of the Company. A transaction
is considered to be a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations between related parties. 

Transactions
involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm s-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive,
free market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related
party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm s-length transactions unless such representations
can be substantiated. 

and
 in the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 (as restated) respectively. In addition, for the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023
(as restated), the Company reported net loss of and respectively. 

The
Company s cash position is not significant to support the Company s daily operation. While the Company believes in the viability
of its business strategy plans such as Flash Lion e-commerce sales model, Cloud chain (including Wechat, REDnote and Tik Tok s
short videos e-commerce sales model), and its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurance to that effect. 

The
Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to improve profitability and increase of market
share, our business plan is to extend our market share through acquiring quality businesses in the automotive aftermarket industries,
in order to increase our customer base and supply channels, as well as to acquire more skilled employees and business connections in
the industries. We plan to further develop our online and offline marketing platform and internal enterprise resource planning system
(ERP) by engaging an external IT company during 2025. 

We
plan to diversify our existing product portfolio strategically, and thereby provide our customers with a wider range of choices and broaden
our existing customer base. 

In
addition, major shareholder agrees to provide financial support to the Company. However, management cannot provide any assurances that
the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

and respectively. 

and respectively. 

Prepayments
balance consist of advances to suppliers for providing goods and services. As of May 31, 2024 and 2023 (as restated), the prepayments
balances are and respectively, as compared that is a decrease of . The decrement is mainly due to the company
imposed the control on prepayment to suppliers. 

Other receivables 

Total 

Deposits
paid balance is deposits paid to landlord for renting office and warehouse. Other receivables balance is the advances
to staff for business conference and function, travelling expenses and office expenses.. 

As
of May 31, 2024 and 2023 (as restated), the deposit paid and other receivables balances are and respectively, as compared
that is a decrease of . The decrement is mainly due to decrease in deposit paid and staff advances . 

. 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Foreign translation difference 

Total
 property and equipment, net 

(or RMB by capitalized of purchased patents. 

The
intangible assets are impaired due to no projected undiscounted cash flow in future. For the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 (as restated),
the balance of intangible assets is 0 and , accumulated loss impairment and accumulated amortization of intangible assets
are and respectively. 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Less: Accumulated impairment of intangible
 assets 
 
 - 
 
 Foreign translation difference 

Total
 purchased patents, net 
 - 

equity interest of HZ CXJ. The Company is an automobile aftermarket products wholesaler,
as well as an auto detailing store consultancy company in Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province through this acquisition. The purchase consideration
was , consists of shares of the Company s common stock issued to HZ CXJ s original owner fair valued
at the acquisition date. These shares were issued on May 28, 2020. The Company accounted for the acquisition using the purchase method
of accounting for business combination under ASC 805. The total purchase price was allocated to the tangible and identifiable intangible
assets acquired and liabilities based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. 

The
determination of fair values involves the use of significant judgment and estimates and in the case of HZ CXJ, this is with specific
reference to acquired intangible asset. The judgments used to determine the estimated fair value assigned to assets acquired and liabilities
assumed, as well as the intangible asset life and the expected future cash flows and related discount rate, can materially impact the
Company s consolidated financial statements. Significant inputs and assumptions used for the model included the amount and timing
of expected future cash flows and discount rate. The Company utilized the assistance of a third-party valuation appraiser to determine
the fair value as of the date of acquisition. 

Trade receivables 

Inventory on hand 

Prepayments, other receivables and deposits 

Due from a related party 

Due to directors 

Due from a shareholder 

Operating lease right-of-use
 assets 

Total
 assets 

Account Payables 

Advanced Receipts 

Accrued liabilities, other payables and deposits
 received 

Due to a related company 

Due to related parties 

Due to directors 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current
 portion 

Operating lease liabilities,
 non current portion 

Total
 liabilities 

Net tangible liabilities 

Goodwill 

Total purchase price 

Consideration in form of shares 

Total
 consideration 

Goodwill
is tested for impairment annually as of the first day of fiscal May or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate
that impairment may have occurred. The Company performed its fourth quarter 2024 annual goodwill impairment test using a quantitative
assessment for its HZ CXJ reporting unit. The quantitative assessment for HZ CXJ reporting unit indicated that its carrying amount exceeded
its fair value, and resulted in an impairment charge of in the fourth quarter of 2024. This non-cash impairment charge is
presented within the General Administrative Expenses line for 2024 in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. As
at May 31, 2024, the goodwill balance is . 

The
fair value estimate for the HZ CXJ reporting unit was based on a blended analysis of the present value of future discounted cash flows
and market value approach. The significant estimates used in the discounted cash flow model included the Company s weighted average
cost of capital, projected cash flows and the long-term rate of growth. Significant estimates in the market approach model included identifying
similar companies with comparable business factors such as size, growth, profitability, risk and return on investment and assessing comparable
revenue and earnings multiples in estimating the fair value of the reporting unit. 

The
decline in the fair value of the HZ CXJ s reporting unit has mainly resulted from changes to its projected revenue growth rates
and timeline, which were finalized during the Company s annual long-term planning process in the fourth quarter of 2024. The HZ
CXJ reporting unit has been in operation since June 2019, therefore the Company has less experience estimating the operating performance
of this reporting unit. The Company s expected revenue increase has been slower than anticipated due to the time required to ramp
up activity for new customers. In addition, during its long-term planning process performed, the Company made adjustments to reduce its
forecasted spend on HZ CXJ in 2025 and beyond, which further impacted expected revenue growth rates and their timing. These changes in
critical assumptions related to the reporting unit resulted in a reduction in its estimated fair value. 

The
Company will continue to evaluate the recoverability of goodwill at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate there may be a potential impairment. If the operating results of the Company s reporting units
deteriorate in the future, it may cause the fair value of one or more of the reporting units to fall below their carrying value, resulting
in additional goodwill impairment charges. 

The
goodwill value is occurred on the acquisition. The impairment loss on goodwill of and , were recognized
during the year ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 respectively. As of May 31, 2024, the balance of goodwill is . 

During
the annual impairment assessment, a quantitative assessment was conducted, which involved estimating the fair value of the reporting
unit using the income approach. 

Key
assumptions in the quantitative assessment included: 

(i)
Discount rate: 

(ii)
Projected sales and cost of sales: 

(iii)
Terminal growth rate: 

(iv)
Inflation rate: 

The
use of the estimates in the quantitative assessment are highly judgmental and actual results may differ significantly from what is currently
assessed. Accordingly, fluctuations in any of the key attributes may result in a significant change in the projected cashflows underlying
the quantitative assessment, which could have a material impact on the assessed values of goodwill. 

Impaired goodwill written
 off - May 31, 2021 

Goodwill as of May 31, 2021 

Impaired goodwill written
 off - May 31, 2022 

Goodwill as of May 31, 2022 

Impaired goodwill written
 off - May 31, 2023 

Goodwill as of May 31, 2023 

Impaired goodwill written
 off - May 31, 2024 

Goodwill as of May
 31, 2024 

Disposal
of subsidiary 

On
August 1, 2023, HZ CXJ disposed of its equity interest of Xishijie Automobile Industry Ecology Technology Co., Ltd (formerly known
as Shenzhen Lanbei Ecological Technology Co., Ltd) with the purchase consideration RMB1 in cash. 

Trade receivables 

Inventory on hand 

Prepayments, other receivables and deposits 

Due from a related party 

Operating lease
 right-of-use assets 

Total
 assets 

Account Payables 

Accrued liabilities, other payables and deposits
received 

Due to a related company 

Operating lease liabilities,
net of current portion 

Total
 liabilities 

Net tangible assets 

Share of 49 of non-controlling interest 

51 of equity interest 

Other comprehensive income 

Loss
 on disposal 

Total purchase price 
 - 

The
loss on disposal is occurred on the disposal during the year ended May 31, 2024. 

. 

British
Virgin Islands 

Under
the current laws of the British Virgin Islands, the international business company which governed by the International Business Companies
Act of British Virgin Islands and there is no income tax charged in British Virgin Islands. 

Hong
Kong 

From
year of assessment of 2018/2019 onwards, Hong Kong profit tax rates are on assessable profits up to HK (approximately), and on any part of assessable profits over HK . For the years ended May 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did
not have any assessable profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong, therefore no provision for Hong Kong profits tax was made in the
year. 

The
PRC 

The
Company s subsidiaries are incorporated in the PRC, and are subject to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Laws EIT Laws with the statutory income tax rate of with the following exceptions. 

Current
 Income Tax Provision 

Deferred 

- United States of America 
 - 
 - 
 
 - British Virgin Islands 
 - 
 - 
 
 - Hong Kong 
 - 
 - 
 
 - The PRC 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred
 Income Tax Provision 
 - 
 - 

Total 

The
account payable balance of includes payable to vendors for motor oil and auto parts. 

Accrued Expenses 

Deposit Received 

Other Payable 

Total 

Advanced
received balance consists of advances from customer for brand name management fees and providing of goods and services, accrued
expenses balance consists payroll related costs, legal fee, audit fee and VAT payable. Deposit received balance is the
warranty for usage of brand name. Other payable balance includes the provision for business dispute with a customer
in the year 2020 and short term borrowing from third party . 

As
of May 31, 2024 and 2023, the advanced received, accrued expenses and other payable balances are and respectively,
as compared that is a decrease of . The decrement is mainly due to decrease in advanced received of brand name management fee
 , goods and services , and offset increase in accrued expenses for legal fee and payroll related costs, deposit
received and other payable . 

Advanced
received consist of advances from customers for brand name management fee and providing goods and services. The breakdown as
below: 

Amortized brand name management
 fee as per contracts term and period. 
 
 Sales of goods and services 
 
 Deliver the goods and
 services as requested by customers. 
 
 Total 

- 
 
 Hangzhou
 Xieli Internet Technology Co., Ltd 
 Controlled
 by Cuiyao Luo 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

- 

As
of May 31, 2024, the Company paid expenses on behalf of New Charles Technology Group Limited and advanced a short term loan 
to Hangzhou Xielie Internet Technology Co., Limited to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on
demand. 

Rudong Shi 
 Director 

Shenzhen
 BaiWen Enterprise Management Consultancy Co., Ltd 
 Controlled
 by Mao Wenbin and Niu Baiwna 
 - 

Total 

As
of May 31, 2024, Cuiyao Luo and Rudong Shi advanced to the company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which
is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose. 

Liabilities 

Current 

Operating lease liability - current 
 Current operating lease liabilities 

Long-term 

Operating lease liability net of current
 portion 
 Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Total
 lease liabilities 

2026 

2027 
 - 
 
 2028 
 - 
 
 Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total lease payments 

Less:
 interest 

Present value of lease
 payments 

Maturities
of operating lease liabilities as of May 31, 2023, were as follows: 

Maturity of
 Lease Liabilities 
 Operating
 Leases 
 
 2024 

2025 

2026 
 - 
 
 2027 
 - 
 
 Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total lease payments 

Less:
 interest 

Present value of lease
 payments 

New operating lease assets obtained in exchange
 for operating lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term 
 
 years 
 
 year 
 
 Weighted average discount rate 

For
the year ended May 31, 2024 and 2023, the amortization of the operating lease right of use assets are and respectively. 

shares at a price of per share with each share
 consisting of one share of the Company s common stock, par value per share. 

b) 
 On September 1, 2024, the
 Company entered the subscription agreement with Shiguo Wang to issue shares at a price of per share with each share
 consisting of one share of the Company s common stock, par value per share. 

c) 
 On September 2, 2024, the
 Company entered the subscription agreement with Shiguo Wang to issue shares at a price of per share with each share
 consisting of one share of the Company s common stock, par value per share. 

Other
than the above, there is no other matter or circumstance arisen since May 31, 2024, which has significantly affected the operations of
the Company, the results of those operations, or the state of affairs of the Company in subsequent financial years. 

F- 30 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex10-1.htm

Exhibit
10.1 

Equity
Transfer Agreement 

:

Transferor:
 CXJ Technology (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Party A 

: / :
 91330105MA2GL6F95E 

Citizen
ID card number (or: Unified Social Credit Identifier/registration number): 91330105MA2GL6F95E 

: 

Transferee:
 Wang Qing (hereinafter referred to as Party B : / ):
 320204198302211311 

Citizen
ID Card No. (or : Unified Social credit Identifier/Registration No.): 320204198302211311 

)( 2020 10 28 
100 51 51 : 

Xishi
jie Automotive Industry Ecology (Shenzhen)Co., Ltd. (Formely known as Shenzhen Lanbei Ecological Technology Co.,Ltd.)(hereinafter referred
to as the Company) was established on 0ctober 28,2020,with a registered capital of RMB 1 million. Party A is owing 51 equity of the
Company and willing to transfer to Party B, Both parties have reached the following agreement on thetransfer of equity: 

: 

 A The
price, term, and method of equity transfer: 

1 
51 51 1 

 1.
Party A holds 51 of the equity of the Company and agreedto transfer to Party B for RMB1. 

2 
15 1 

 2.
The Party B shall, within 15 days from the effectivedate of this agreement, make a one-time payment to the Part.A by transfer in the
currency and amount specified in Article1 of the first point. 

B)The
Party A guarantees that it has full and effectivedisposal rights over the equity transferred to the Party B,guarantees that the equity
is not pledged,and is free fromthird-party recourse. Otherwise, Party A shall bear all economicand legal responsibilities arising from
this. 

: 

 C)Sharing
ofcompany profitsandlosses (including liabilities and debts) 

() 

 After
this agreement takes effect, Party B shall share profitsand risks and losses in proportion to its equity (including therights and obligations
of the company that the equity should en joyand share before the transfer). 

: 

 D)Liability
for breach of contract: 

If
Party B fails to pay the equity price on time, Party B shallpay a penalty of one thousandth of the total price for each dayof delay.
If the breach of contract causes economic losses to PartyA and the liquidated damages cannot be compensated, compensationshall also be
paid. 

: 

 E)Dispute
resolution: 

Any
disputes arising from the performance of this agreementshall be resolved through friendly consultation between Party A and Party B. If
consultation fails, a lawsuit shall be filed withthe people s court. 

: 

 F)Change
or Termination of Agreement: 

In
case of any of the following circumstances, this agreementmay be modified or terminated. The modification or terminationagreement or
declaration signed by the parties shall take effectonly after being signed by both parties. 

1 

 1.
Due to force majeure, this agreement cannot be fulfilled 

2 

 2.
The situation changes and both parties agree throughconsultation. 

: 

 G)Related
expenses: 

During
the transfer process,anyexpenses related to thetransfer shall be borne by Party B. 

: 

 H)Fffective
conditions 

This
agreement shall come into effect from the date of signingby both parties. 

I)This
agreement is made in quadruplicate, with each partyholding one copy, the company retaining one copy, and the rest tobe reported to relevant
departments. 

(Transferor) 
 (Transferee) 

2023 8 1 

 August
1 2023 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF THE REGISTRANT 

Subsidiary 
 Place of Incorporation 

CXJ Investment Group Co., Ltd. 
 British Virgin Islands 
 
 CXJ (HK) Technology Group Co., Ltd. 
 Hong Kong 
 
 CXJ (Shenzhen) Technology Co., Ltd. 
 PRC 
 
 CXJ Technology (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. 
 PRC 
 
 Shenzhen Lanbei Ecological Technology Co., Ltd 
 PRC 
 
 Longkou Xiangfu Trading Co., Ltd 
 PRC 

1) 
 CXJ Investment Group Co.,
 Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of CXJ Group Co., Limited. 
 
 2) 
 CXJ (HK) Technology Group
 Co., Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of CXJ Investment Group Co., Ltd. 
 
 3) 
 CXJ (Shenzhen) Technology
 Co., Ltd is as wholly owned subsidiary of CXJ (HK) Technology Group Co., Ltd. 
 
 4) 
 CXJ Technology (Hangzhou)
 Co., Ltd is fully controlled (VIE agreement) by CXJ (Shenzhen) Technology Co., Ltd. 
 
 5) 
 Shenzhen Lanbei Ecological
 Technology Co., Ltd is 51 owned subsidiary of CXJ Technology (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd 
 
 6) 
 Longkou Xiangfu Trading
 Co., Ltd is acquired on November 4, 2022 and fully controlled by CXJ (Shenzhen Technology Co., Ltd. 

. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE 

 OFFICER
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Lixin Cai, certify that: 

(1)
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of CXJ Group Co., Limited (the Registrant ); 

(2)
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

(3)
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

(4)
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with the United States generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5)
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the registrant s board of directors: 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 8, 2024 

By : 
 /s/
 Lixin Cai 

Name: 
 Lixin Cai 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director and Secretary (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL 

 OFFICER
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Cuiyao Luo, certify that: 

(1)
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of CXJ Group Co., Limited (the Registrant ); 

(2)
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

(3)
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

(4)
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with the United States generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5)
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the registrant s board of directors: 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 8, 2024 

By : 
 /s/
 Cuiyao Luo 

Name: 
 Cuiyao Luo 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADDED BY 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of CXJ Group Co., Limited (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2024,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Lixin Cai , Chief Executive Officer,
President and Secretary of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information
 contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
 as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
November 8, 2024 

By : 
 /s/
 Lixin Cai 

Name: 
 Lixin Cai 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director and Secretary (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADDED BY 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of CXJ Group Co., Limited (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2024,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Cuiyao Luo, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information
 contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
 as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
November 8, 2024 

By : 
 /s/
 Cuiyao Luo 

Name: 
 Cuiyao Luo 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 ecxj-20240531.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 ecxj-20240531_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 ecxj-20240531_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 ecxj-20240531_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

