<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241007_10-K_edgar_data_1347491_0001539497-24-002111.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2018220</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>63334</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>522761</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>515940</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>395905</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>472725</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001539497-24-002111.hdr.sgml : 20241007
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241007153828
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001539497-24-002111
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241007
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241007

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALEXANDER TECH CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001347491
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-215884
		FILM NUMBER:		241357709

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6161 FLEETWOOD CT
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(916) 276 2547

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6161 FLEETWOOD CT
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DIAMOND CARTEL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051221

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001539497-24-002111.txt : 20241007

10-K
 1
 n2666_x21-10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number: None 

(Name
of Small Business Issuer in its charter) 

(State of incorporation) 
 
 (IRS Employer
 Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal
 executive office) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 Name
 of each exchange 
 on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large, accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large, accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act): No

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Company on October 7, 2024, was nil . 

As
of October 07, 2024, the Company had outstanding shares of common stock. 

Documents
incorporated by reference: None. 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

This
report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, which include
but are not limited to, statements concerning our business strategy, plans and objectives, projected revenues, expenses, gross
profit, income, and mix of revenue. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections
about our industry, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by us. Words such as anticipates, expects, 
 intends, plans, predicts, potential, believes, seeks, 
 hopes, estimates, should, may, will, with a view
to and variations of these words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements
are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict.
Therefore, our actual results could differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. 

Item
1. Business 

We
are currently a Blank Check Company incorporated on August 17, 2005 as a Delaware Corporation. We plan to acquire a privately
held company using shares of our common stock. We have not identified any business combination target and we have not, nor
has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with respect to identifying any business
combination target. 

Business
Strategy 

We
intend to pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business industry or sector. However, we believe the following general
criteria and guidelines are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, but we may decide to enter into a business
combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

High-Growth
 Markets . We will seek out opportunities in faster-growing segments of developed markets and emerging international
 markets. 

Business with
 Revenue and Earnings Growth Potential . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have multiple,
 diverse potential drivers of revenue and earnings growth, including but not limited to a combination of development, production,
 digital and distribution capabilities and balance sheet management. We will focus on assets that currently are undervalued
 or sub-optimally managed, including those undergoing debt or operational restructuring, where our management is well-positioned
 to unlock their value. 

Companies
 with Potential for Strong Free Cash Flow Generation . We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that
 have the potential to generate strong and stable free cash flow. 

We
anticipate structuring our business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own
shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure
our business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of
the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but
we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to
the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed
to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling
interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately
prior to our business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our business combination. 

We
plan to acquire another entity solely with shares of our common stock, and We added: and the Company intends to register additional
shares in order to facilitate future acquisitions. In this offering, we are not raising any capital and none of our
shareholders are selling their shares. At some point in time, after the effective date of our registration statement, of
which this prospectus is a part, we will identify a business we want to acquire and will begin to negotiate the terms of the potential
acquisition. Once the terms have been agreed upon, we will sign an agreement with the shareholders of the target entity reflecting
the terms of the acquisition. 

Once
we enter into an agreement to acquire the target entity, we will file an 8-K report under Item 1.01 of Form 8-K, which will contain
all the information required by Rule 144(i)(2), as well as the number of shares we propose to issue in connection with the acquisition
and the method we used to determine the value of the target entity. We will also file a post-effective amendment to our registration
statement disclosing the same information in the 8-K report, plus any other information required by the instructions to Form S-1
and Regulation S-X. 

The
agreement with the shareholders of the target entity will provide, among other things, that our offer to exchange shares of our
common stock for shares of the target entity is subject to: 

The shareholder s
 receipt of the post-effective amendment; 

The shareholders
 of the target entity owning a certain percentage of the outstanding shares of the target entity affirming the exchange of
 their shares for the shares of our common stock. The percentage required for affirmation will be negotiated between us
 and the target entity. 

The
agreement with the shareholders of the target entity will be with each shareholder. No merger will be involved and it is
not expected the target entity will not call a meeting of its shareholders to approve the terms of the agreement. 

The
acquisition of the target entity will be approved by our board of directors. We will not call a meeting of our shareholders
to approve the acquisition of the target entity. Our shareholders will not be entitled to dissenters rights in connection
with the acquisition of the target entity. 

Once
we complete the acquisition of the target entity, we will file an 8-K report under Item 2.01 of Form 8- 

We
will not issue any shares of our common stock until the shareholders of the target entity, owning the minimum number of shares
required by our agreement with the target entity, have accepted our offer with respect to the exchange of their shares for shares
of our common stock. 

We
will determine the value of any business we acquire based upon: 

the value of the
 assets less the liabilities of the business; 

the anticipated
 earnings of the business, or 

a combination of
 the foregoing. 

Status
as a public company 

We
believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer
a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In
this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our
stock or for a combination of shares of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the
sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses
will find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering.
In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts
that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore,
once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial
public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions,
which could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to
capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests. It can offer
further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented
employees. 

We
may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early
stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

We
have not identified any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions
with respect to identifying any business combination target. From the date of this prospectus, there have been no communications
or discussions between any of our officers or directors and any of their potential contacts or relationships regarding a potential
business combination. Additionally, we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate
any suitable acquisition candidate, to conduct any research or take any measures, directly or indirectly, to locate or contact
a target business. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks
of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our business combination. Although our management will assess the
risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result
in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control,
meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of
a business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection
with our business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with
respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

Sources
of target businesses 

We
anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment
bankers, private investment funds. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result
of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think
we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this report and know what types of businesses
we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates
that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries. While we do not presently
anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal
basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting
fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will
engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not
otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management
determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction,
in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or
any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting
fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the 

completion of our business combination
(regardless of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective
affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination
target in connection with a contemplated acquisition of such target by us. Although some of our officers and directors may enter
into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our business combination, the presence or
absence of any such arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing a business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our officers
or directors, or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our officers or directors. 
In the event we seek to complete our business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our executive
officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm which is a member of FINRA, that such an business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are
not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass, among other
things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection
of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information which will be made available to us. 

Paras
Shah, our sole officer and director, does not have any experience with transactions involving blank check companies. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our business combination, and the costs associated
with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our business combination is not ultimately completed will result in
our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. We will not pay any finders
or consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection
with our business combination. 

Limited
ability to evaluate the target s management team 

Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting
our business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct.
In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.
Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with
any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following
our business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business
combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge
relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company.
The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our
business combination. 

Following
a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business.
We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our business combination, we may encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged
buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive
experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors
possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will
be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition
of a target business. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
1C. Cybersecurity. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties. 

None. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None. 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

As
of October 7, 2024 there was no market for our common stock. 

Holders
of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors is
not restricted from paying any dividends but is not obligated to declare a dividend. No cash dividends have ever been declared
and it is not anticipated that cash dividends will ever be paid. 

The
company has amended the article of incorporation on January 24, 2022, and the company had
filed form 8-K on the same date. 

Our
current Articles of Incorporation authorize our Board of Directors to issue up to 700,000,000 Class A common shares par value
of 0.0000001, each Class A share shall have one vote for one share. 200,000,000 Class B common shares par value of 0.0000001,
each Class B share shall have 10 votes for one share 75,000,000 Class C common shares par value of 0.0000001, each Class C share
shall have 0 votes for one share, and 25,000,000 Preferred shares par value 0.0000001 each preferred share carries no voting
power. 

As
of October 7, 2024, we had 268,725 outstanding shares of common stock which were owned by approximately 40 shareholders of record. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

Not
applicable. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 

Executive
Overview 

We
are a blank check Company incorporated on August 17, 2005, as a Delaware corporation. We plan to effect a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses.
On October 14, 2018, we had entered into a Letter of Intent with an unrelated third party. Except for this Letter of Intent, we
have not identified any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions,
directly or indirectly, with respect to identifying any business combination target. 

Except
as disclosed above, we have not identified any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated
any substantive discussions directly or indirectly, with respect to identifying any business combination target. 

Until
we complete an acquisition, we may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity to fund our operations,
including the costs associated with being a public company. We are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third
party with respect to raising any additional capital. 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational
activities. We may not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a business combination. There has been
no significant change in our financial condition and no material adverse change has occurred during the last several years. We
expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing
compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

On
July 1, 2021, the former President of the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with A9 Technologies and Holdings LLC,
a company controlled by the current President of the Company, to sell 166,988 post-split shares of the Company s common
stock. The total shares sold under the stock purchase agreement represent 62 of the total shares outstanding. On June 10, 2021,
A9 Technologies and Holdings, LLC made a 45,000 non-refundable deposit towards the stock purchase, and on July 9, 2021, A9 Technologies
and Holdings, LLC made an additional non-refundable deposit of 13,850 towards amounts paid by the former President on behalf
of the Company subsequent to the date of the agreement. On September 29, 2021, A9 Technologies and Holdings, LLC made the final
 405,000 payment towards the stock purchase, which effected the close of the agreement. Upon closing of the Agreement, the former
President of the Company transferred 166,988 post-split shares of the Company s common stock to A9 Technologies and Holdings,
LLC, who then became the majority shareholder. In addition, upon final payment being made, the former President of the Company
transferred to A9 Technologies and Holdings, LLC 117,076 of debt that was owed to the former President of the Company at the
time of transfer. 

On
October 7, 2021, Mr. Atlidakis resigned as an officer and director of the Company and Mr. Paras Shah was appointed as the Chief
Executive Officer and a director of the Company. 

On
January 12, 2022, the Company changed its name from The Diamond Cartel Inc. to Alexander Tech Corp. 

As
of April 30, 2024 we owed A9 Technologies and Holdings, LLC 274,465 for a transfer of debt from the former President of the Company
and expenses incurred on our behalf. The amount we owe A9 Technologies and Holdings, LLC, is non-interest bearing, unsecured,
and due on demand. 

As
of April 30, 2024, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

A
critical component of our operating plan impacting our continued existence is the ability to obtain additional capital through
additional equity and/or debt financing. We do not anticipate generating sufficient positive internal operating cash flow until
such time as we can deliver our products to market and generate substantial revenues, which may take the next full year to fully
realize, if ever. In the event we cannot obtain the necessary capital to pursue our strategic plan, we may have to significantly
curtail our operations. This would materially impact our ability to continue operations. 

SUMMARY OF BALANCE SHEET 
 April 30, 2024 
 April 30, 2023 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 10,459 
 9,955 
 
 Total current assets 
 11,879 
 11,375 
 
 Total assets 
 11.879 
 11,375 
 
 Total liabilities 
 317,253 
 255,405 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (759,590 
 (698,246 
 
 Total stockholders deficit 
 (305,374 
 (244,030 

For
the year ended April 30, 2024, the Company recorded a net loss of 61,344 and at April 30, 2024, had a working capital deficit
of 305,374. Since inception we had not established an ongoing source of revenue sufficient to cover our operating costs. During
the year ended April 30, 2024, we primarily relied upon advances and loans from related parties to fund our operations. The Company
has relied on raising debt and equity capital in order to fund its ongoing day-to-day operations and its corporate overhead. We
had 10,459 in cash at April 30, 2024, compared to 9,955 in cash at April 30, 2023. We had total liabilities of 317,253 at April
30, 2024 compared to 255,405 at April 30, 2023. 

Our
current cash flow is not sufficient to meet our monthly expenses of approximately 3,000 and to fund future research and development
adequately. We intend to rely on additional debt financing, loans from existing stockholders and private placements of common
stock for additional funding, however, there is no assurance that additional funding will be available. We do not have material
commitments for future capital expenditures. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain short-term financing,
or that sources of such financing, if any, will continue to be available, and if available, that they will be on favorable terms. 

Results
of Operations 

The
Year Ended April 30 , 2024 

SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS 
 The year ended April 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenues 

Total operating expenses 
 61,344 
 33,451 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (61,344 
 (33,451 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 
 (61,344 
 (33,451 
 
 Basic income (loss) per share 
 (0.23 
 (0.12 
 
 Diluted income (loss) per share 
 (0.23 
 (0.12 

Total
operating expenses increased to 61,344 during the year ended April 30, 2024 compared to 33,451 during the year ended April 30,
2023. The increase during the year ended April 30, 2024 was primarily due to an increase in general and administrative expenses
relating to an increase in consulting fees. 

As
a result of the changes described above, net loss increased to 61,344 during the year ended April 30, 2024 compared to 33,451
during the year ended April 30, 2023. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles applied on a consistent basis. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting periods. 

We
regularly evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. A complete summary of
these policies is included in note 3 of our financial statements. In general, management s estimates are based on historical
experience, on information from third party professionals, and on various other 

assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
under the facts and circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

We
have implemented all new pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that
there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position
or results of operations. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 

Not
applicable. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

See
the financial statements attached to this report. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the direction and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive and
Chief Financial Officer, the Company has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure
controls and procedures as of April 30, 2024. The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in its periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and regulations, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company s disclosure controls and
procedures are designed to provide a reasonable level of assurance of reaching its desired disclosure control objectives. Based
on the evaluation, the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective as of April 30, 2024. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934). Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2024,
based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (2013). As a result of this assessment management concluded that, as of April 30, 2024, our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective as a result of a material weakness in the Company s overall system of internal controls, which includes: 

Lack
 of appropriate segregation of duties: 
 
 A
 lack of segregation of duties within a company can lead to significant risks, including increased potential for fraud,
 errors, and inefficiencies. When critical tasks and responsibilities are not appropriately divided among different individuals
 or departments, it creates opportunities for unethical behavior and mistakes to go undetected. This can result in
 misstated financial statements, regulatory penalties, damage to the company s reputation, and a loss of investor
 trust. Implementing proper segregation of duties is essential for effective risk management and maintaining the integrity
 of financial reporting 

Lack
 of control procedures that include multiple levels of supervision and review: 

A
lack of control procedures that include multiple levels of supervision and review can significantly undermine a company s
internal control system. Without these layered checks, there is an increased risk of errors, fraud, and non-compliance with regulatory
requirements. This deficiency can lead to inaccurate financial reporting, operational inefficiencies, and potential legal issues.
Implementing robust control procedures with multiple levels of supervision and review is essential to ensure accuracy, accountability,
and adherence to established policies and regulations. 

An
 overreliance upon independent financial reporting consultants for review of critical accounting areas and disclosures
 and material, nonstandard transactions. 
 
 An
 overreliance on independent financial reporting consultants can pose significant risks to a company. While these consultants
 provide valuable expertise, depending too heavily on them for critical accounting areas, disclosures, and material nonstandard
 transactions can lead to a lack of internal knowledge and oversight. This dependency may result in delayed identification
 of issues, reduced internal accountability, and potential non-compliance with regulatory standards. It s crucial
 for companies to build robust internal financial reporting capabilities and ensure that internal staff are adequately
 trained and involved in these critical processes. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During
the year ended April 30, 2024, there were no changes in the Company s internal controls that materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 

Paras Shah 
 50 
 Chief Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer
 and a Director 

The
following is a brief summary of the background of our officer and director including his principal occupation during the five
preceding years. Directors serve until their successors are elected and qualified or until they are removed. 

Mr.
Shah has been our officer and director since October 7, 2021. Mr. Paras Shah is well educated with more than 20 years
of professional experience, and he comes from a business family. Over the last 5 years Mr. Shah has worked in financial (Fisher
Investments, San Mateo, CA) and software (Nutanix, San Jose, CA) industries helping the sales team drive higher revenue quarter
over quarter. Mr. Shah is our promoter, as that term is defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

We
believe that Mr. Shah is qualified to serve as a director due to his experience with development stage companies. 

Our
director is not independent as that term is defined in section 803 of the listing standards of the NYSE MKT. Our director
does not qualify as a financial expert as that term is defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not believe
a financial expert is necessary since we did not have any revenues for the year ended April 30, 2024. 

We
have not adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our principal executive, financial, and accounting officers and persons performing
similar functions. We do not believe a Code of Ethics is needed at this time since we have only one officer. 

We
do not have a compensation committee. Our director serves as our audit committee. 

Directors
are elected to hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Executive
officers are elected by the directors and hold office until their resignation or removal by directors. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
following table sets forth in summary form the compensation paid to our officer during the two years ended April 30, 2024. 

Name
 and Principal 
Position 
 
 Period 

Salary 
 (1) 

Bonus 
 (2) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 (3) 

Option 
 Awards 
 (4) 

All
 Other 
 Compensation 
 (5) 

Total 

Paras
 Shah 

2024 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

President,
 Chief Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer 

2023 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

-- 

We
do not have any consulting or employment agreements with any of our officers or directors. As of October 7, 2024, we had no immediate
plans to pay compensation for past services. 

Our
board of directors may increase the compensation paid to our officers depending upon a variety of factors, including the results
of our future operations. 

The
following table shows the amount which we expect to pay to our executive officer during the twelve months ending April 30, 2024,
and the amount of time this officer expects to devote to our business. 

Name 
 
 Projected 
 Compensation 

Percentage
 of Time 
 to be Devoted 
 to Our Operations 

Paras
 Shah 

-- 

10 

Stock
Options . We have not granted any stock options. In the future, we may grant stock options to our officers, directors,
employees or consultants. 

Long-Term
Incentive Plans . We do not provide our officers or employees with pension, stock appreciation rights, long-term incentive
or other plans and have no intention of implementing any of these plans for the foreseeable future. 

Employee
Pension, Profit Sharing or other Retirement Plans. We do not have a defined benefit, pension plan, profit sharing
or other retirement plan, although we may adopt one or more of such plans in the future. 

Compensation
of Directors . Our directors do not receive any compensation pursuant to any standard arrangement for their services
as directors. Although our bylaws permit us to pay our directors for attending meetings, we do not compensate our directors
for attending meetings. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. 

The
following table shows the ownership, as of October 7, 2024, of those persons owning beneficially 5 or more of our common stock
and the number and percentage of outstanding shares owned by each of our directors and officers and by all officers and directors
as a group. Each owner has sole voting and investment power over their shares of common stock. 

Name 
 
 Shares
 Owned 

of Outstanding Shares 

A9
 Technologies and Holdings LLC, a company controlled by Paras Shah 

166,988 

62 

All
 officers and directors as a group (1 person) 

166,988 

62 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

As
at April 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company was indebted to A9 Technologies and Holdings, LLC, a company controlled by the current
President of the Company, for 274,465 and 211,202, respectively, which relates to a transfer of debt from the former President
of the Company and expenses incurred on behalf of the Company. These amounts are non-interest bearing, unsecured, and are due
on demand. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Fruci
 Associates II, PLLC,. was our independent registered principal accountant firm since March 5, 2022, and for the year ending
April 30, 2024. The following shows the fees we paid to Fruci Associates II, PLLC. during the one year ended April 30, 2024. 

2024 
 2023 

Audit Fees 
 7,500 
 27,750 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Tax Fees 
 -- 
 -- 

Audit
fees represent amounts billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and reviews
of our quarterly financial statements. 

Audit-related
fees represent amounts billed for consents related to regulatory filings, audit/review of financial statements included in our
registration statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and consulting related to the implementation of accounting
standards. 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

The
following exhibits are filed with this Form 10-K or incorporated by references: 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation, as amended. (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (2) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Designation of Series A Preferred Stock (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications by the Principal Executive and Financial Officers 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Amendment No. 2 to our registration statement on Form S-1 filed April 24, 2017. 
 
 (2) 
 Bylaws Amendment
 No. 1 to our registration statement on Form S-1 filed April 24, 2017. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

 None. 

Alexander
Tech Corp 

 April
30, 2024 and 2023 

Index 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F 1 

Balance Sheets as of April 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F 2 

Statements of Operations for the years ended April 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F 3 

Statements of Shareholders Deficit for the years ended April 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F 4 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended April 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F 5 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F 6 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Alexander Tech
Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance
sheets of Alexander Tech Corp. the Company as of April 30, 2024 and 2023, and the related statements of operations,
shareholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended April 30, 2024, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of April 30, 2024 and 2023 and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the years in the two-year period ended April 30, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the
Company has not generated revenue from inception, has a working capital deficiency, and accumulated losses. These factors, among
others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising
from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

Fruci Associates II, PLLC PCAOB ID #05525 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 
 
 Spokane, Washington 
 
 October 7, 2024 

F- 1 

Alexander
Tech Corp 

 Balance
Sheets 

April 30, 2024 
 April 30, 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Account payable and accrued liabilities 

Due to related party 

Advances payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preferred Stock, shares authorized, . par value; shares issued and outstanding at April 30, 2024 and 2023 

Class A Common Stock, shares authorized, .par value; shares issued and outstanding at April 30, 2024 and 2023 

Class B Common Stock, shares authorized, . par value; shares issued and outstanding at April 30, 2024 and 2023 

Class C Common stock, shares authorized, par value; shares issued and outstanding at April 30, 2024 and 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements) 

F- 2 

Alexander
Tech Corp 

 Statements
of Operations 

Year Ended April 30, 
 Year Ended April 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Revenue 

Expenses 

General and administrative 

Net Loss before provision for income tax 

Provision for income tax 

Net Loss 

Net Loss Per Common Share Basic and Diluted 

Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding Basic and Diluted 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements) 

F- 3 

Alexander
Tech Corp 

 Statements
of Shareholders Deficit 

Preferred Stock 
 Class
 A Common Stock 
 Class
 B Common Stock 
 Class
 C Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance
 April 30, 2022 

Net
 loss for the period 

Balance April
 30, 2023 

Net
 loss for the period 

Balance
 April 30, 2024 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements) 

F- 4 

Alexander
Tech Corp 

 Statements
of Cash Flows 

Year Ended April 30, 
 Year Ended April 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

change in related party advances. 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Financing Activities: 

Proceeds of loan from related party 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of Year 

Cash End of Year 

Supplemental Disclosures: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements) 

F- 5 

and has accumulated losses of 759,590 since inception.
These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The
continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders, the ability
of the Company to obtain necessary equity financing to continue operations. These financial statements do not include any adjustments
to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should
the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company intends to fund its activities through debt and equity financing
arrangements. There is no assurance that the Company will obtain the necessary financing to complete its objectives. 

of its total issued and outstanding
shares for shares of common stock of the Company. In addition, the Corporation agreed to provide funding of 
and to enter into a consulting contract with the former President of Company. Of the funding, was payable to
the former President of the Company immediately upon acceptance of the LOI. The was refundable in the event the terms
of the LOI were not met. Of the 500,000 funding, was to be deposited to a trust account with the Company s legal
counsel for payment of outstanding payables, closing costs associated with the transaction and costs associated with raising capital
for the Company. Upon change in management of the Company, the LOI was abandoned. As at April
30, 2024, the Company recorded on its balance sheets advances payable of (April 30, 2023 - 42,088 representing professional
fees paid on behalf of the Company. 

and , respectively, which relates to a transfer of debt from the former President of the Company and expenses
incurred on behalf of the Company. These amounts are non-interest bearing, unsecured, and are due on demand. 

shares of authorized
and unissued preferred shares as Series A Preferred Stock, increasing the number of Preferred Stock authorized from 
with a par value of , to with a par value of , terminating the designation of shares of
Common Stock authorized, amended the authorization to issue Class A Common Stock with a par value of , 
Class B Common Stock with a par value of , and Class C Common Stock with a par value of , and effectuated
a reverse stock split of all of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock into Class A Common Stock by a ratio of
1:0.3, which resulted in Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

There
were no share transactions during the years ended April 30, 2024 or 2023. 

Tax benefit at U.S. statutory rate 

Change in valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax asset 

The
tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the net deferred tax assets at April 30, 2024 and
2023 are as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

Change in valuation allowance: 

Balance, prior year 

Effect of change in tax rate 

Increase in valuation allowance 

Balance, current year 

of NOL expire between fiscal 2025 and 2037 , and will carry forward indefinitely, and the deductibility
of such NOL is limited to 80 of taxable income. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether
it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred
tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become
deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning
strategies in making this assessment. Based on the assessment, management has established a full valuation allowance against all
of the deferred tax asset relating to NOLs for every period because it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax asset
will not be realized. 

The
Company s net operating loss carryforwards are subject to review and possible adjustment by the Internal Revenue Service
and are subject to certain limitations in the event of cumulative changes in the ownership interest of significant stockholders
over a three-year period in excess of 50 . 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements) 

F- 9 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ALEXANDER
 TECH CORP. 

Dated: October 7,
 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Paras Shah 

Paras
 Shah 

Principal Executive
 Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of l934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Paras Shah 
 
 Principal Executive,
 Financial and Accounting Officer and a Director 
 
 October 7, 2024 
 
 Paras Shah 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 n2666_x21ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Paras Shah, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ALEXANDER TECH CORP.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that
 involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October, 7th, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Paras Shah 

Paras Shah 
 Principal
Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 n2666_x21ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Paras Shah, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ALEXANDER TECH CORP.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its conso0idated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 7, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Paras Shah 

Paras Shah 
 Principal
Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 n2666_x21ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATIONS BY THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL OFFICERS

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on
Form 10-K of ALEXANDER TECH CORP. (the Company for the period ended April 30, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Paras Shah, the Principal Executive and Financial Officer
of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 7, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Paras Shah 

Paras Shah 
 Chief Executive
Officer 

By: 
 /s/ Paras Shah 

Paras Shah 
 Principal
Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 dmci-20240430.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 dmci-20240430_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 dmci-20240430_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 dmci-20240430_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

