<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241231_10-K_edgar_data_1895939_0001477932-24-008399.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2143513</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>62076</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>468098</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>476494</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>415552</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>675904</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-008399.hdr.sgml : 20241231
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241231060743
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-008399
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241231
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241231

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TANICO Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001895939
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				372002382
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-261643
		FILM NUMBER:		241591088

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		387 WHITBY SHORES GREENWAY
		CITY:			WHITBY
		STATE:			Z4
		ZIP:			L1N 9R6
		BUSINESS PHONE:		775-404-0333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		387 WHITBY SHORES GREENWAY
		CITY:			WHITBY
		STATE:			Z4
		ZIP:			L1N 9R6

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-008399.txt : 20241231

10-K
 1
 tanico_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

tanico_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C.20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ___________to___________ Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification Number) Shores Greenway , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 1- - Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant as required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of "accelerated filer and large accelerated filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for completing with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No As of March 31, 2024 the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock, held by non-affiliates, computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold prior to March 31, 2024, was .00. As of December 30, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. No market value has been computed based upon the fact that no active trading market has been established as of December 30, 2024. Table of Contents PART I 3 Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 5 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 5 Item 2. Properties. 5 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 5 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 5 PART II 6 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 6 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 6 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 6 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 9 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 9 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 10 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 10 Item 9B. Other Information. 10 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 10 PART III 11 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 11 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 15 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 16 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 16 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 16 PART IV 17 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 17 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 17 SIGNATURES 19 2 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Overview TANICO INC. has been incorporated on May 3, 2021 in the State of Nevada. We have never been involved in any reclassification, merger, consolidation, purchase or sale of a significant amount of assets, nor have we ever declared bankruptcy, been in receivership, or been involved in any legal action or proceedings. Since incorporation, management has developed a detailed business plan to provide customers with unique and innovative solution for their needs. Products/Services Description of Product or Services TANICO INC. is a new company that develops children's games that can provide valuable feedback to parents about child psychological well-being and early detection of any potential problems of psychological development. In the modern world, parents do not have enough time and experience to identify potentially dangerous psychological deviation in child behavior on early-stage (during early years of child development) and address it adequately. The games we develop will generate specific situations and monitor the child's reaction. Multiple consecutive steps allow seeing some repeating patterns and trends. There are different types of games for each age, although by analyzing children's skills and intellectual abilities, the level of the games will adjust automatically. No personal data is stored on our gaming servers. Each account is only associated with parents email and/or with unique id number and password. Account is optional and is only necessary if parents would like to receive feedback. Parents will receive feedback regularly. In case of early problems, they will receive a recommendation to see a professional help for their child. With parents consent we can provide data to help professional child psychologists to conduct long-term monitoring of child behavior and receive more information about child mental development. The psychologists can provide their valuable input on what game scenarios can identify different behavior patterns. Target Market and Clients/potential Clients Our target market is any family with preschool children age 4 to 7 years old, also professional child psychologists who wants with parents permission to monitor child behavior on a long-term basis. During Phase 1 (initial stage) software development (online gaming, smart devices smart phone, notepads etc.) In Phase 2 deployment, google play, apple, hosting gaming website. Phase 3 business development. Source of revenue We have identified three main marketing client groups associated with the various streams of revenue: Source #1 Parents, for small subscription fee they can insure those children grow healthy and happy Source #2 Professional psychologists community, using our games for monitoring children with psychological deviations, for medical research. The main target customer group will be parents. Today several billion people use personal computers or other internet enabled devices. Capturing a small sector of this user population could allow us to sell our products at a very attractive and affordable price. 3 Table of Contents Marketing Strategy Our marketing strategy is to use inexpensive and widely available advertising vehicles such as 1. The company website 2. YouTube 3. Social Networks (Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter etc.) If we can obtain more financial resources, we can include Google advertising offers. To increase customer interest in our products we can provide a free product trial for a fixed period of time. Another option is to provide light version of our application for free and to offer more security and functionality in a full edition version. The pricing of our products will be inexpensive allowing to penetration of a wider customer base. Sources and Availability of Products and Supplies We do not depend on any suppliers or specific products. Dependence on One or a Few Major Customers Our target market is mostly retail customers so we do not have any dependencies on one or a few major customers. Patent, Trademark, License Franchise Restrictions and Contractual Obligations Concessions There are no inherent factors or circumstances associated with this industry, or any of the products or services that we expect to be providing that would give rise to any patent, trademark or license infringements or violations. We have not entered into any franchise agreements or other contracts that have given, or could give rise to obligations or concessions. Out web domain and IP address as well as company information will be protected by our domain host. We do not own, either legally or beneficially, any patents or trademarks. Governmental and Industry Regulations The company upon implementing its business plan expects to be in compliance with U.S. federal laws, including the U.S. Privacy Act of 1974, Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), 1999 Gramm-Leach Bliley Act that protects the rights and data of U.S. consumers, patients, minors and others. The Nevada state laws (Nevada Revised Statutes NRS) CHAPTER 603A - SECURITY AND PRIVACY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURITY OF INFORMATION MAINTAINED BY DATA COLLECTORS AND OTHER BUSINESSES State of Nevada Online Privacy Policy - Effective Date 11/25/02 | 3.03 B. We will also be subject to common business and tax rules and regulations pertaining to the normal business operations. Research and Development Activities and Costs We are capitalizing on prior scientific research and development that was done by our President and Director and have not yet spent any money on R D. Once this offering is completed, we will have resource to continue our R D program. Compliance with Environmental Laws Our operations are not subject to any environmental laws. Facilities We do not own or rent facilities of any kind. We conduct our operations from the facilities provided by Nikita Fenev free of charge. 4 Table of Contents Employees We have only commenced limited operations and currently have no employees other than managing officers. Our President Mr. Anton Mikhalev spends approximately 20 hours per week on our business and our treasurer Ms. Maria Tomskaia devotes up to 12 hours per week to company s operations. Description Of Property We do not currently own any real property of any kind. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable. Item 2. Properties. We do not own any real estate or other properties. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. Management is not aware of any legal proceedings contemplated by any governmental authority or any other party involving us or our properties. As of the date of this Year-End Report, no director, officer or affiliate is (i) a party adverse to us in any legal proceeding, or (ii) has an adverse interest to us in any legal proceedings. Management is not aware of any other legal proceedings pending or that have been threatened against us or our properties. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 5 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information There has been no market for our securities. Our common stock is not traded on any exchange or on the over-the-counter market. After the effective date of the registration statement relating to this prospectus, we hope to have a market maker file an application with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA for our common stock to be eligible for trading on the OTCQB or another quotation board. We do not yet have a market maker who has agreed to file such application. There is no assurance that a trading market will develop, or, if developed, that it will be sustained. Consequently, a purchaser of our common stock may find it difficult to resell the securities offered herein should the purchaser desire to do so when eligible for public resale. As of September 30, 2023, no shares of our common stock have traded. Number of Holders As of September 30, 2024, the 7,825,000 issued and outstanding shares of common stock were held by a total of 34 shareholders of record. Dividends No cash dividends were paid on our shares of common stock during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024. We have not paid any cash dividends since our inception and do not foresee declaring any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Purchase of our Equity Securities by Officers and Directors None. Other Stockholder Matters None. Item 6. Selected Financial Data. Not applicable. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Prospectus. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Prospectus, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should review the Risk Factors section of this Prospectus for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. As of September 30, 2024 our cash balance was 9,611. We believe our cash balance is not sufficient to fund our limited levels of operations for any period of time. We have been utilizing funds received from our President and Director, as well as funds from the proceeds of shares issuance. Our officer and director has no commitment, arrangement or legal obligation to advance or loan funds to the company. In order to implement our plan of operations for the next twelve-month period, we require a minimum of 25,000 (approximately 15,000 of which are legal and registration fees for a public company) of funding from this offering. Being a development stage company, we have very limited operating history. After twelve months period we may need additional financing, for which we currently don t have any arrangements. 6 Table of Contents Our independent registered public accountant has issued a going concern opinion. This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital to pay our bills. For the year ended September 30, 2024 we have incurred a loss of 20,967 with total accumulated deficit of 65,567; no significant revenue is anticipated until we complete our initial business development. There is no assurance we will ever reach that stage. To meet our need for cash we are attempting to raise money from this offering. We believe that we will be able to raise enough money through this offering to expand our proposed operations, however there is no guarantee that we will stay in business after doing so. At the present time, we have not made any arrangements to raise additional cash, other than through this offering. We are an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to: not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements; exemptions from the requirements of holding an annual non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and nonbinding stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We are choosing to opt out of such extended transition period, and as a result, we will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that our decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. Results of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2024 For year ended September 30, 2024, we have not generated any revenue, our total operating expenses of 29,967 were comprised of professional fees of 19,437 and general and administrative expenses of 1,530 as compared with total operating expenses of 19,022, which included 22,463 of professional fees and 1,559 in general and administrative expenses for the year ended September 30, 2023. For the year ended September 30, 2024, cash used in operations was 20,726 compared with 23,443 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. Difference from year to year due to lower revenue in the current year and unearned revenue adjustment of 5,000 in 2023. For the year ended September 30, 2024, cash generated from financing activities was 16,038 compared with 4,448 for the year ended September 30, 2023. Difference from year to year is primarily due to increase in Director s Loan. To date we have sold 7,825,000 shares of common stock. 7 Table of Contents Activities to Date A substantial portion of our activities to date focused on becoming a reporting public company to raise more capital to finance our business activities. The Company has developed the Plan of Operations. We have established the company office and provided services to one customer. We have designed a new game for our customer. Plan of Operations We expect that working capital requirements will continue to be funded through a combination of our existing funds and further issuances of securities. Our working capital requirements are expected to increase in line with the growth of our business. Existing working capital, further advances and debt instruments, and anticipated cash flow are expected to be adequate to fund our operations over the next six months. We have no lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements. Generally, we have financed operations to date through the proceeds of the private placement of equity and debt instruments. In connection with our business plan, management anticipates additional increases in operating expenses and capital expenditures relating to: (i) acquisition of software; (ii) developmental expenses associated with a start-up business; and (iii) marketing expenses. We intend to finance these expenses with further issuances of securities, and debt issuances. Thereafter, we expect we will need to raise additional capital and generate revenues to meet long-term operating requirements. Additional issuances of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders. Further, such securities might have rights, preferences or privileges senior to our common stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective new business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. Material Commitments As of the date of this Annual Report, we do not have any material commitments. Purchase of Significant Equipment We do not intend to purchase any significant equipment during the next twelve months. 8 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 9,611 cash and current liabilities of 41,928 as compared with 14,299 of cash and 25,890 of current liabilities as of September 30, 2023. The net operating capital of the Company is not sufficient for the Company to remain operational long-term. To meet our need for cash we are attempting to raise money through this Offering. We believe that we will be able to raise enough money through this Offering to expand our operations; however, there is no guarantee that business sustains long term. At the present time, we have not made any arrangements to raise additional cash, other than through this Offering. We are an "emerging growth company" as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to: not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements; exemptions from the requirements of holding an annual non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and nonbinding stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an "emerging growth company" can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an "emerging growth company" can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected under this section of the JOBS Act to maintain our status as an "emerging growth company" and take advantage of the JOBS Act provisions relating to complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act. Going Concern Consideration Our auditors have issued a going concern opinion, meaning that there is substantial doubt if we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital. The Company s cash position may not be sufficient to support its daily operations. No substantial revenues are anticipated until we have completed the financing from this offering and implemented our plan of operations. Our only source for cash at this time is investments by others in this offering. We must raise cash to implement our strategy and stay in business. If we sell at least 25 of the shares in the offering we believe that we will have the resources to operate for the next 12 months, including for the costs associated with becoming a publicly reporting company. The company anticipates over the next 12 months the cost of being a reporting public company will be approximately 25,000. Limited operating history and need for additional capital There is no historical financial information about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are in start-up stage operations and have not generated any revenues. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services and products. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 9 Table of Contents Tanico Inc. September 30, 2024 Index to the Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 F-3 Statements of Operations for the Year Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30,2023 F-4 Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 F-5 Statement of Shareholder's Equity for The Year Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 F-6 Notes to The Financial Statements F-7 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To: The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Tanico Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Tanico Inc. (the Company) as of September 30, 2024, and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the two-years in the period ended September 30, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the two-years in the period ended September 30, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Regarding Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company is a start-up company and had incurred substantial losses during the year and limited working capital, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan in regards to these matters is described in Note 3. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The Critical Audit Matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. /s/ JLKZ CPA LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. . (PCAOB ID December 30, 2024 F-2 Table of Contents Tanico Inc. Balance Sheets As of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 ASSETS Current Assets Cash Total Current Assets Non-Current Assets Property, Plant Equipment (net) Total Non-Current Assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses Due to Related Party Total Current Liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders Deficit Common Stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders Deficit Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents Tanico Inc. Statement of Operations For the Years Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 REVENUE EXPENSES General and Administrative Expenses Professional Fees Total Expenses Loss from Operations Income Tax Expense NET LOSS AFTER TAX Basic and Diluted Net Loss per Common Share Weighted-Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents Tanico Inc. Statement of Cash Flows For the Years Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITES: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation Change in operating assets and liabilities: Deferred revenue Accounts Payable and accrued expenses Net cash used in operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of equipment Net cash used in investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceed from related party loan Proceeds from sale of common shares Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid for Interest Income taxes The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents Tanico Inc. Statements of Shareholders Deficit For the Year Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 Total Common Stock Additional Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance September 30, 2023 Net Loss - Balance September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Accumulated Total Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance September 30, 2022 Net Loss - Cancellation of Common Shares for Cash Issuance of Common Shares for Cash Balance September 30, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents Tanico Inc. Notes to the Financial Statements September 30, 2024 Use of Estimates and Assumptions and Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions F-7 Table of Contents Fair Value of Financial Instruments Fair Value Measurements F-8 Table of Contents Cash and Cash Equivalents of the deposit funds are fully insured. Property, Plant and Equipment years Related Parties Commitment and Contingencies F-9 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition License rights of use subscription Software modification F-10 Table of Contents Income Tax Provision Uncertain Tax Positions F-11 Table of Contents Cash Flows Reporting Subsequent Events Recent Accounting Pronouncements F-12 Table of Contents and a working capital deficit of at September 30, 2024. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company is devoting substantially all of its current efforts to establish the business and its planned principal operations have not fully commenced. The Company is attempting to expand operations and generate sufficient revenue; however, the Company s cash position may not be sufficient to support its daily operations. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to continue operations and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering. The financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Less: accumulated depreciation Total property and equipment, net Depreciation expenses for the year ended September 30, 2024 were and for the year ended September 30, 2023 were . There were no equipment additions or disposals during the reporting period. Cost of computer equipment was fully amortized as of September 30, 2024. shares of which Seventy-Five Million ) shares shall be Common Stock, par value per share. Common Stock For the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company sold shares of Common Stock, par value per share for the total aggregated price of for cash. For the year ended September 30, 2023, shares were cancelled by certain shareholders, resulting in to be returned to the shareholders. All shares were issued in accordance with the exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, provided by Section 4(2) of such Act for issuances not involving any public offering and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. As of September 30, 2024, there were total shares issued and outstanding. F-13 Table of Contents Related party loan During the year ended September 30, 2024, Mr. Anton Mikhalev advanced the Company . As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the outstanding balance payable to related party were and respectively. The advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and due on demand. Nikita Fenev Total F-14 Table of Contents that may be offset against future taxable income through 2040. No tax benefit has been recorded with respect to these net operating loss carry-forwards in the accompanying consolidated financial statements as the management of the Company believes that the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets of approximately was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by the full valuation allowance. Deferred tax assets consist primarily of the tax effect of NOL carry-forwards which was used to offset tax payable from prior year s operations. The Company has provided a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets because of the uncertainty regarding its realization. The current valuation of tax allowance is n/a as of September 30, 2024. Components of deferred tax assets are as follows: Effective tax rate Expected income tax benefit from NOL carry-forwards Less valuation allowance Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Income Tax Provision in the Statement of Operations A reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate and the effective income tax rate as a percentage of income before income taxes is as follows: Increase (reduction) in income tax provision resulting from: Net operating loss NOL carry-forwards Effective income tax rate Tax Returns Remaining subject to IRS Audits . F-15 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. An evaluation has been conducted under the supervision and with the participation of our management of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. Such officer also confirmed that there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on the framework in Internal Control -Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2024. JLKZ CPA LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm express no opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. No changes in our internal control over financial reporting were identified as having occurred during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. No report required. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. 10 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The following are biographical summaries and a description of the business experience of those individuals who serve as executive officers and directors of Tanico Inc. Name Age Position Anton Mikhalev 28 President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors. Maria Tomskaia 29 Treasurer Biographical Information and Background of officer and director ANTON MIKHALEV President, Chief Financial Officer, and Director Ms. Mikhalev is our President since August 29, 2023, and Secretary and a member of the Board of Directors since April 24, 2023. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS Rogers Communications March 2018 present, Richmond Hill, ON Enterprise Account Executive Conducts research for opportunities in Service Expansion - Prospect and research new construction builder accounts (MDU/SFU) Work collaboratively with regional partners, VARS and hardware/services providers to administer sales presentations; to identify and generate more opportunities in the commercial business landscape Assist the Corporate Reporting External Reporting team with period-end deliverables and other ad-hoc reporting as required Recorded project details such as task progress, resources costs and allocated budgets to analyze performance, generate performance reports for key leaders and implement corrective measures 11 Table of Contents York University April 2019 - September 2020, North York, ON Winters College Orientation Director Worked closely, on a weekly basis throughout the Summer, with the President and Treasurer, regarding all monetary transactions pertaining to Orientation, and to keep an accurate record of the same Created up to date schedules of all Winters Orientation Week events, and to distribute these schedules to all Winters First year students and any constituencies, offices or organizations requiring such schedules Responsible for formulating, with the guidance of the President, Assistant Orientation Chair, and the Treasurer, a budget for the Winters Orientation Week. Becoming familiar with the method by which bills, advances and reimbursements are processed. Superkick d Studios January 2015 - August 2020, TORONTO ON Social Media Coordinator/Marketing Hosts pre-show talk show engaging with audience members live on camera, asking various questions and hyping up the audience while involving them with their favorite wrestler personalities In charge of handling, and maintaining all social media pages and engaging with the followers through various platforms such as Facebook, twitter, and Instagram providing updates about shows and various programs Ensure that ring set up for venue is done is an orderly fashion, while also making sure that all safety codes are upheld and the venue is reflecting EDUCATION Schulich School Of Business York University - Bachelor of Business Administration BBA September 2015 - October 2020, NORTH YORK ON Activities and societies: AIESEC York, LEAF mentor, SPP Mentor, Schulich Ambassador, Frosh Executive Team, Corporate Social Responsibility Society, JDCC Academics, Undergraduate Business Society, York Orientation Directors Association, College Presidents Association SKILLS: Experienced in Power Bi reporting Experienced in Adobe Premier Products Fluent in English, French, The specific experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills led to the appointment of Mr. Anton Mikhalev as our President. MARIA TOMSKAIA - Treasurer Ms. Maria Tomskaia has been our Treasurer since July 4, 2021. Ms. Tomskaia schedule currently allows her to spend up to 12 hours per week on company s operations. He indicates willingness to devote more of her time and resources as our business grows. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Freelance graphic designer 2019 - present https://mariatomski.carbonmade.com/ Shop Technician at MindWarpFX, Scarborough, Ontario Summer 2019 Makeup Fx technician fabricator for various productions including: Amazon Prime's The Boys - Season 2 Saw 9 - The Organ Donor 12 Table of Contents Freelance Prosthetic Beauty Makeup Artist, Toronto, Ontario May 2017- present Beauty makeup for short films Wedding commercial makeup Custom creature makeups Trauma prosthetics for individual clients Animator and Brand Marketing for Treemarc, Toronto, Ontario May - August 2017 Lead developer of branding and advertising for a startup company Responsible for designing and animating digital storefront Created a series of 2D animations EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor of Animation at Sheridan College 2013-2017 Advanced Figure Drawing with Brian Hladin 2016 Analytical Life Drawing at CGMA Online Academy 2015 Animation 1 at Studio Technique Online Academy 2014 Introduction to Zbrush 2014 Art Fundamentals Diploma 2013 SKILLS Stop motion set design Digital sculpting techniques 2D 3D animation digital compositing Stop-motion puppet fabrication animation Extensive anatomical knowledge ACHIEVEMENTS Completed solo short stop-motion film "Reflection" at Sheridan College "Reflection" screened at Ottawa International Animation Festival, Festival Stop Motion Montreal Official Selection at Berlin Flash Film Festival Apprentice with Maxim Grunin, MFA 13 Table of Contents During the past ten years, Mr. Anton Mikhalev and Ms. Maria Tomskaia have not been the subject of any the following events: 1. Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which either were a general partner or executive Officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 2. Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding; 3. An order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, or any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting either Ms. Tatiana Feneva or Ms. Maria Tomskaia involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; 4. Found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Future Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. Board of Directors Our Bylaws provide that the Board of Directors shall consist of at least one member, and that our shareholders shall determine the number of Directors from time to time. Each Director serves a term expiring at the next annual shareholders meeting and until his successor is elected and qualified, or until his resignation, removal from office, or death. Committees of the Board of Directors We do not presently have a separately constituted audit committee, compensation committee, nominating committee, executive committee or any other committees of our Board of Directors. Nor do we have an audit committee financial expert. As such, our entire Board of Directors acts as our audit committee and handles matters related to compensation and nominations of Directors. Potential Conflicts of Interest Since we do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent Directors, such functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by our President. Thus, there is an inherent conflict of interest. Director Independence As of September 30, 2024 we do not have any independent Directors. 14 Table of Contents Significant Employees We have no significant employees other than the executive Officers described earlier. Audit Committee We do not presently have a separately constituted audit committee, compensation committee, nominating committee, executive committee or any other committees of our Board of Directors. Nor do we have an audit committee financial expert. As such, our entire Board of Directors acts as our audit committee and handles matters related to compensation and nominations of Directors. Item 11. Executive Compensation. The members of our Board of Directors are not compensated for their services. The Board has not implemented a plan to award options to any Directors. There are no contractual arrangements with any member of the Board of Directors. We have no Director's service contracts in place. Since our incorporation on May 3, 2021, we have not compensated and have no arrangements to compensate our President for his services. However, we anticipate that the President will receive compensation from the Company once cash flow that we generate from operations significantly exceeds our total expenses. We have not granted any stock options to our President; there are no retirement, pension, or profit-sharing plans for the benefit of the President. We have not entered into any employment or consulting agreements with our President. However, a President of the company has the power to set his own compensation. The following table sets forth the compensation paid by us for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 and subsequent thereto, for our President and Treasurer. This information includes the dollar value of base salaries, bonus awards and number of stock options granted, and certain other compensation, if any. The compensation addresses all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive Officers. Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Anton Mikhalev (President) 2023 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Anton Mikhalev (President) 2024 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Maria Tomskaia (Treasurer) 2023 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Maria Tomskaia (Treasurer) 2024 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 As of September 30, 2024, we had no pension plans or compensatory plans or other arrangements that provide compensation in the event of a termination of employment or a change in our control. 15 Table of Contents Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following table provides certain information regarding the ownership of our common stock, as of September 30, 2024 and as of the date of the filing of this annual report by: Each of our executive officers; Each director; Each person known to us to own more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; and All of our executive officers and directors and as a group. Title of Class Name of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage Common Stock Anton Mikhalev (President, CFO and Director) 5,080,000 shares of common stock 64.9 Common Stock Maria Tomskaia (Treasurer) 100,000 shares of common stock 1.29 The percent of class is based on 7,825,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of the date of this annual report. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. During the year ended September 30, 2024, we had not entered into any transactions with our officer or director, or persons nominated for these positions, beneficial owners of 5 or more of our common stock, or family members of these persons wherein the amount involved in the transaction or a series of similar transactions exceeded the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets for the last three fiscal years. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. During fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 16,100 in fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection with the audit and review of our financial statements and tax advisory services. Audit fees incurred during fiscal year 2023 were 15,500. 16 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. (a) 1. Financial Statements The information concerning our financial statements, and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm required by this Item is incorporated by reference herein to the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 8, entitled Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 2. Financial Statement Schedules. All Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted since they are either not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise included in this report. (b). Exhibits. The Exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index immediately preceding such Exhibits are filed as part of and incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 17 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - JLKZ CPA LLP 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant To Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 18 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. (Registrant) TANICO INC. By: /s/ ANTON MIKHALEV Anton Mikhalev President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Tanico Inc. Date December 31, 2024 19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tanico_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 tanico_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, Anton Mikhalev, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tanico Inc. Registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and; (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 31, 2024 /s/ ANTON MIKHALEV Anton Mikhalev President and Chief Executive Officer Tanico Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tanico_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 tanico_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Anton Mikhalev, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tanico Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 31, 2024 /s/ ANTON MIKHALEV Anton Mikhalev Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tanico_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 tanico_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Tanico Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Anton Mikhalev, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify to my knowledge pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, following due inquiry, I believe that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. Date: December 31, 2024 By: /s/ ANTON MIKHALEV Anton Mikhalev President and Chief Executive Officer Tanico Inc. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 tanico-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 tanico-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 tanico-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tanico-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

