<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241023_10-K_edgar_data_1703073_0001493152-24-042140.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6692708</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>177533</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1232492</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2097453</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1418392</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1626444</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-042140.hdr.sgml : 20241023
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241023061137
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-042140
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241023
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241023

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VIVIC CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001703073
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				981353606
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56198
		FILM NUMBER:		241387731

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		187 E. WARM SPRINGS ROAD., SUITE B450
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89119-4112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-899-0818

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		187 E. WARM SPRINGS ROAD., SUITE B450
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89119-4112

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-042140.txt : 20241023

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______________ 

COMMISSION
FILE NO. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 
 Identification
 Number) 

., 

 , 

 Tel:
 - 

SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(B) OF THE ACT: NONE 

 SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: 

(Title
of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for shorter period that the registrant as required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes No 

There
were shares of the
Company s common stock outstanding as of October 18, 2024. 

The
aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on December 31, 2023 was based upon a closing price of 0.78 per share. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM
 1 
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
 5 
 
 ITEM
 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 
 10 
 
 ITEM
 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 21 
 
 ITEM
 1C 
 CYBERSECURITY 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 2 
 PROPERTIES 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 22 

PART II 

ITEM
 5 
 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 6 
 [RESERVED] 

ITEM
 7 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 30 
 
 ITEM
 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 30 
 
 ITEM
 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 30 
 
 ITEM
 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 30 
 
 ITEM
 9B 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 31 
 
 ITEM
 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 31 

PART III 

ITEM
 10 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 11 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 33 
 
 ITEM
 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 33 
 
 ITEM
 13 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 34 
 
 ITEM
 14 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 34 

PART
 IV 

ITEM
 15 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 35 
 
 ITEM
 16 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 

2 

INTRODUCTORY
COMMENTS 

We
are a Nevada holding company with operations conducted primarily through a branch in Taiwan and we own an entity formed in Hong Kong. 

References
in this report to the Company, VIVC, we, us and our refer to
Vivic Corp., a Nevada company, and Vivic Corporation (Hong Kong) Limited its wholly-owned subsidiary on a consolidated basis. Where
reference to a specific entity is required, the name of such specific entity will be referenced. 

All
dollar amounts refer to US dollars unless otherwise indicated. 

3 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended that are not historical facts, and involve risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than
statements of historical facts, included in this Form 10-K including, without limitation, statements in the Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s market projections, financial
position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, events or developments which the Company
expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future, including such things as future capital expenditures (including the amount and
nature thereof); expansion and growth of the Company s business and operations; and other such matters are forward-looking statements.
These statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by the Company in light of its experience and its perception of historical
trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors it believes are appropriate under the circumstances.
However, whether actual results or developments will conform with the Company s expectations and predictions is subject to a number
of risks and uncertainties, including general economic, market and business conditions; the business opportunities (or lack thereof)
that may be presented to and pursued by the Company; changes in laws or regulation; and other factors, most of which are beyond the control
of the Company. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve
significant risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements
as a result of various factors. Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-K are qualified by these cautionary
statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results or developments anticipated by the Company will be realized or, even
if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequence to or effects on the Company or its business or operations. The
Company assumes no obligations to update any such forward-looking statements. 

4 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Beginning
with a change in our management resulting from a change in control of our Company which occurred at the end of 2018, we have explored
and initiated operations in a number of business areas related to the pleasure boat industry. These included yacht sales, marine tourism,
development of electric powered yachts, development and operation of yacht marinas in Asia and the development of a yacht rental and
time share service. In 2022 we determined to focus our efforts on yacht sales in Taiwan and other selected regions throughout the world,
and since that time have disposed of all of our business operations in mainland China. 

We
are the exclusive distributor of Monte Fino yachts in Asia and the Middle East pursuant to our agreement with Kha Shing Enterprise Co. Kha Shing ). We also distribute Monte Fino yachts in other territories throughout the world other than those, such as the
United States, where Kha Shing has granted another company exclusive distribution rights. Our employees located in Taiwan engage in the
design, construction, on an outsourced basis, and distribution of power boats, charter boats and eco-friendly new energy boats. In cooperation
with Kha Shing we design and offer various yachts models which differ in their sizes, performances, and functions. Currently, we own
our own brand name, VIVIC 

As
our company grows, we will seek to expand the yacht brands we offer for sale, the territories in which we market our yachts and, if appropriate
based on our capabilities and what we can offer, seek to become the exclusive distributor for yacht manufacturers in Taiwan and other
territories. We will also seek to enter other areas related to the marine industry where we believe we can be profitable. 

Our
yachts are manufactured by third parties selected by us on the basis of their production capabilities, technical ability and financial
wherewithal. Once a customer places an order, we negotiate and sign an original equipment manufacturer OEM contract with
a selected local manufacturer. Our technical staff closely monitors the progress of construction. Upon completion, we deliver the boat
to the location designated by our customer. 

Our
Market 

Taiwan
has had a robust yacht manufacturing industry since the 1950s and yachts designed and manufactured in Taiwan are distributed throughout
the world. The Taiwanese yacht building industry underwent a period of decline in the 1990s. From 2000 to 2011, Taiwan s yacht
manufacturers sought to expand the market by entering into strategic alliances, focusing on designing and engineering, and improving
their infrastructure and manufacturing capabilities. In addition to expanding the market, this facilitated the development of the mega
yacht and the customization of yachts to offer more amenities. There was also a shift toward more modern, lighter components including
fiberglass hulls and decks. Today, yachts typically range from 38 feet to 150 feet, and a large portion of the market is for luxury yachts
from 60 feet to 80 feet. 

More
recently, in response to stricter environmental regulations imposed by the Taiwanese regulators and governments throughout the world
and the demand for more eco-friendly yachts, the yachting industry in general, and our management in conjunction with Kha Shing, have
sought to develop alternatives to the traditional diesel engine. These have included more fuel efficient, cleaner diesel engines, electric
and liquified natural gas yachts. While the market for all-electric boats and yachts may be large, development of these vehicles is an
ongoing, highly competitive process, and there remain questions as to what the consumer will demand and accept. Despite the challenges
faced in developing electric yachts, in a 2024 study, Global Electric Boats, Small Submarines and Autonomous Underwater Vehicles
(AUV) 2015-2024 Forecasts, Players, Opportunities, the international market research company, Research and Markets, projected
that the electric water craft market will increase from 2.6 billion in 2013 to 7.3 billion in 2024. 

Our
current primary goal is to become a leading distributor of charter boats globally and thereafter, expand into other areas of high-end
boating by, for example, developing a high performance all-electric yacht. This initially will require that we build upon the reputation
of Monte Fino yachts, our relationship with Kha Shing and the extensive experience of our management. As we move into other areas, we
will require additional personnel, in particular those with design and engineering backgrounds. 

5 

We
believe the knowledge and experience of our management and our relationship with Kha Shing provides us with a sound basis upon which
to grow our business and then expand into other areas related to pleasure crafts. A key to our growth will be the development of relationships
with partners in Southeast Asia while maintaining the strength our of company in Taiwan. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
are dedicated to catering to the needs of affluent yacht operators in Taiwan and Asia, who are interested in outdoor yacht recreational
activities. With the increase in disposable income, more individuals are looking to participate in outdoor water sports, yacht tourism,
recreational activities, and social gatherings on the water for business entertainment. This growing trend is a major driver in the high-end
shipping industry. We recognize that yacht rental and ownership can be an expensive proposition, which is why we and other industry players
are promoting the idea of yacht sharing and luxury yacht charters. Our standardized and rapid production, coupled with their operating
efficiencies of our yachts, enables cooperative yacht operators to achieve a better return on investment through more economical use
and maintenance of their yachts. This allows multiple families to enjoy a cruise or yacht rental in a shorter time frame. 

Not
all yacht customers desire the same type of yacht or the same features. There is great divergence among the features customers want.
Customers in certain markets focus on the size and speed of the craft, while others focus on high-end accessories. The needs of the short-distance
day cruiser are much different than those partaking in long overnight cruises or who choose to spend more time on their yachts even when
harbored in a marina. Our ability to offer each consumer a yacht designed to his needs and specifications is one of our strengths. 

We
market our yachts by participating in boat shows, through a strong channel of agents and operators in various regions. Advantages of
the yachts we design include Ease of land transportation reducing logistics costs, standardized designs to facilitate mass production,
the use of catamarans as the main hull design to save fuel and provide a large deck for activities, high-end interior decoration and
cutting-edge features, eliminating any unnecessary functions and decorations to optimize cost savings and expedite the recycling process.
and the ability to convert the hull for use on a diesel engine or a renewable energy craft. 

Dedicated
Customer Support Team 

Our
marketing effort does not stop when the customer purchases one of our yachts. After sale activities intended to maintain a positive relationship
include follow up calls, review requests, and reminders for scheduled maintenance and maintenance items. We have a dedicated staff of
full-time employees including trained technicians to assist with any required maintenance or repair issues that may arise. 

Product
Warranties 

We
provide limited warranty coverage for defects in materials and workmanship in our yachts. In addition, we endeavor to ensure that the
manufacturers of the engines incorporated into our yachts provide all our customers with warranty and service programs. We offer a two-year
warranty on the hulls of our yachts. 

Financing
Arrangements 

We
do not directly finance the purchase of our yachts. We do, however, have programs where we introduce our customers to lenders, who depending
upon the qualifications of the customer, are willing to provide financing. 

6 

Manufacturing
and Sourcing 

We
outsource the manufacture of our yachts to qualified producers, including Kha Shing, who are generally well known to our staff. Production
of each yacht is entrusted to a facility based upon the manufacturing skills and capabilities of the facility, its economic wherewithal
and the ability to meet delivery dates. 

We
work with each of our manufactures to ensure that they have the parts and accessories necessary and all of our accessories are sourced
from select global manufacturers with which we or our manufacturers have ongoing relationships. Our in-house sourcing and logistics personnel
reach out to possible vendors and suppliers and review their products and background to ensure that their products will meet our standards
and that they can meet our needs on a timely basis. We review market trends with our major suppliers to determine whether there is an
opportunity to upgrade or accessorize a product to increase its customer appeal, the sales price and our margins. 

Orders
and Backlog 

Since
we determined to focus on the sale of yachts, our book of business has grown. This is evidenced by the fact that we first began to
generate revenues from the sale of yachts in the second half of calendar year 2023, achieving revenues of 1.6 million for calendar
year 2023. We now have in-house a sufficient number of orders to achieve revenues for calendar year 2024 in excess of 10 million if
we can deliver in 2024 all of the yachts for which we currently have orders. In addition, our distributor in Mainland China has
received orders for three yachts and is expected to receive orders for approximately 20 yachts during 2024, which will generate more
than 1.6 million in brand licensing revenues. Because orders are seasonal and subject to wide fluctuations in timing and as to the
cost of the yachts ordered, period-to-period comparisons are not necessarily being meaningful, nevertheless, we do use bookings as a
gauge of future nets sales. 

Employees 

As
of September 30, 2024, we employed 14 individuals including outside sales personnel. We believe that
our relationships with our employees are generally good. 

Competition 

The
market for traditional high-end yachts is highly competitive and changes rapidly. We position yachts as operational assets and seek to
assist yacht operators to use yachts in a variety of ways to meet their customers individual needs for water travel, entertainment
spaces and for business and social interaction. We believe that this is a niche market in which we do not compete directly against most
large well capitalized companies with extensive experience and well-known brand names that offer yachts for use by individuals. Generally
speaking, middlemen seek to lease idle private yachts for use by others, including businesses and individuals. The needs of the customers
who lease idle yachts have become more specific and are no longer satisfied by traditional high-end yachts. As a result, yacht operators
require yachts with standardized configurations, greater open space, flexibles accommodations, greater energy efficiencies, lower acquisition
costs and professional support. Our yachts are specifically for these operators, designed, produced and delivered, with follow on support
to suit their needs, Currently, very few manufacturers target yachts for yacht operators. We believe we are one of the few yacht manufacturers
seeking to serve this new and growing market. Nevertheless, there are few barriers to entry and given the enormity of the boating industry,
this market will likely attract new competitors. Our success will be contingent upon our ability to offer yachts that appeal to the ultimate
end user with a strong value proposition for the yacht operator. 

While
seeking to develop the market for sales to tour operators, we will also seek to increase sales of Monte Fino luxury yachts, particularly
in the 40 to 70 foot size, the range generally purchased by private yacht owners. Many existing competitors in this market are well-established
and enjoy greater resources or other strategic advantages. With the introduction of new technologies and market entrants, we expect the
competitive environment to be and remain intense. Many of our current competitors enjoy greater resources, recognized brand names, wide
distribution networks and more mature intellectual property portfolios than we currently have. Among our well-known competitors are Azimut
and Ferretti. 

7 

Intellectual
Property and Patents 

We
expect to rely on, trade secrets, copyrights, know-how, trademarks, license agreements, patents and contractual provisions to establish
our intellectual property rights and protect our products, brands and services. These legal means, however, afford only limited protection
and may not adequately protect our rights. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect
our trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation could result in substantial costs
and diversion of resources and management attention. 

We
rely on trade secrets and unpatentable know-how that we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements. We expect that, where
applicable, we will require our employees to execute confidentiality agreements in our favor. These agreements will provide that all
confidential information developed or made known to the individual during the course of the individual s relationship with us is
to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific limited circumstances. The agreements will also provide
that all inventions conceived by the individual while rendering services to us shall be assigned to us as the exclusive property of our
company. There can be no assurance, however, that all persons we employ will sign such agreements, or if they do, or, if they are breached,
that we would have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets or unpatentable know-how will not otherwise become known
or be independently developed by competitors. 

Regulations 

We
will be subject to numerous regulations applicable to businesses generally in Taiwan, including regulations relating to working conditions,
employee compensation and the maintenance of welfare plans. Moreover, although we do not manufacture the yachts we sell, our contractors
will be subject to numerous regulations related to worker safety intended to protect against occupational exposure to chemicals, including
health and safety risks, and the use and disposal of various chemicals. This regulatory framework imposes compliance burdens on our contractors
which we must consider when determining who to use to manufacture yachts. 

The
craft we sell are utilized throughout the world which requires that we design and build our yachts in a manner which will allow our customers
to comply with regulations imposed on them by various jurisdictions. The use of traditional diesel engines for cruising and on-board
activities produces significant waste resulting in environmental pollution. As is the case with automobiles, governments have been increasing
standards related to environmental protection and it is likely they will continue to do so. For example, in 2008, The European Union
and International Maritime Organization implemented new marine engine emission standards since 2008. This changing regulatory landscape
imposes a significant burden on us to ensure our yachts can be used throughout the world. 

Regulation
of Ships in Taiwan 

Since
the lifting of the Taiwan Maritime Ban, Taiwan s government has actively promoted water leisure activities. The Ministry of Communications
revised The Law of Ships and added a special chapter for yachts (Chapter 7 of the Law of Ships), which was announced and
implemented on December 8, 1999. The Port and Port Bureau of the Ministry of Communications announced on March 25th, 2002, the Ship and
Ocean Industries R D Center was to become a yacht verification agency. The ship center provides RINA-Italian ship certification services,
CE certification services, MCA business yacht certification services and other certification services. 

Regulations
on Company Establishment 

The
establishment, operation and management of companies in Taiwan is governed by the Taiwan Company Act, which was latest amended on December
29, 2021. There are four types of companies in Taiwan: unlimited company, unlimited company with limited liability shareholders, limited
company and company limited by shares. Unlimited company and unlimited company with limited liability shareholders are rarely used in
practice; a company limited by shares is the most common form of business undertaken for foreign investors in Taiwan. The Taiwan Company
Act applies to both Taiwan domestic companies and foreign-invested companies, unless otherwise provided in the relevant foreign investment
laws and regulations. 

Currently,
we do not have any subsidiaries in Taiwan, having chosen to operate as a branch office of our Nevada company. Operating as a branch office
causes us to be subject to the jurisdiction of the Taiwanese government and the local government where our facilities are located. 

8 

Foreign
Investment 

The
principal regulations governing foreign investments in Taiwan are the Statute for Investment by Foreign Nationals, the Regulations for
Verification of Investment by Overseas Chinese and Foreign Nationals, and the Regulations Governing Investment in Securities by Overseas
Chinese and Foreign Nationals. In order to efficiently provide services and manage foreign investments, Taiwan government has established
the Investment Commission under the Ministry of Economic Affairs. 

All
investments made by foreign nationals within the territory of Taiwan must comply with the provisions of the Statute for Investment by
Foreign Nationals and receive permission from the Investment Commission. The Negative List for Investment by Overseas Chinese
and Foreign Nationals issued by the Investment Commission sets forth a list of industries closed to foreign investment because
the authorities believe such industries are material to national security and environmental protection. The restricted list generally
includes public utilities, power distribution, natural gas, postal service, telecommunications, mass media, and air and sea transportation. 

There
is no limitation on foreign investment in companies engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of yachts. 

Dividend
Distribution and Fund Transfer 

Except
under limited circumstances, a Taiwanese company will not be permitted to distribute dividends or make other distributions to shareholders
in any given year in which it did not record net income or retained earnings (excluding reserves). The Taiwan Company Act requires that
10 of annual net income (less prior years losses, if any, and applicable income taxes) be set aside as a legal reserve until
the accumulated legal reserve equals the paid-in capital of the company. The company will be permitted to make distributions to its shareholders
in cash or in the form of common shares from legal reserves if it has no accumulated loss, provided that the distribution payable out
of the company s legal reserve can only come from the amount exceeding 25 of the total paid-in capital. 

Foreign
Exchange 

Taiwan
Foreign Exchange Control Law and regulations provide that all foreign exchange transactions must be executed by banks designated by Taiwan s
Financial Supervisory Commission and the Central Bank of the Republic of China (Taiwan) to engage in such transactions. Current regulations
favor trade-related or service-related foreign exchange transactions. Consequently, foreign currency earned from exports of merchandise
and services may be retained and used freely by exporters, and all foreign currency needed for the importation of merchandise and services
may be purchased freely from the designated foreign exchange banks. 

Apart
from trade-related or service-related foreign exchange transactions, Taiwan companies and individual residents reaching the age of 20
may, without foreign exchange approval, remit foreign currency of up to US 50 million (or its equivalent) and US 5 million (or its equivalent),
respectively, each calendar year to and from Taiwan (or such other amount as determined by the Central Bank of the Republic of China
(Taiwan) from time to time at its discretion in consideration of Taiwan s economic and financial conditions or the needs to maintain
the order of foreign exchange market in Taiwan). The limits apply to remittances involving either a conversion of NTD into a foreign
currency or a conversion of foreign currency into NTD. In addition, a requirement is also imposed on all enterprises to register medium-
and long-term foreign debt with the Central Bank of the Republic of China (Taiwan). Subject to specified requirements but without foreign
exchange approval of the Central Bank of the Republic of China (Taiwan), foreign persons may remit to and from Taiwan foreign currencies
of up to US 100,000 (or its equivalent) per remittance if the required documentation is provided to the authorities in Taiwan. The above
limit applies to remittances involving either a conversion of NTD into a foreign currency or a conversion of foreign currency into NTD. 

9 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in this Report. These risks and
uncertainties are not the only ones facing our business. Some of these risks and uncertainties relate principally to our business, the
industry in which we operate or to the securities markets generally and ownership of our securities specifically. Additional risks and
uncertainties not presently known to us or that we believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. If any of the conditions
described in the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be harmed. In that
case, the trading price of our common stock, if and when a market for our common stock develops, could decline, and an investor in our
securities may lose all or part of their investment. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

Our
registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern in their audit report. 

Our
registered public accounting firm in its audit report expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
Our continued operation is dependent upon continued financial support from related parties or our ability to raise sufficient funds
to finance our activities from third parties. until such time, if ever, we begin to generate positive cash flow and operate profitably. Our financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the uncertainty about our ability to continue its business. 

We
will need to secure financing in the future and our ability to secure future financing is uncertain. 

We
lack the capital necessary to conduct our operations and achieve our business plan and will need to secure financing to achieve our goals.
To date we have financed our operations primarily through equity investments and loans made by related parties and their affiliates in
additional to loans from commercial banks and third parties. We may seek funding through public or private financings, collaborative
arrangements, debt or other arrangements with related parties and third parties. None of the parties which has provided funding to us
has agreed to do so and if adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate one or more segments
of our business operations or curtail our business operations in their entirety. The issuance of equity may result in dilution to the
holders of our outstanding shares of capital stock. Debt financing may include conditions that would restrict our freedom to operate
our business, such as conditions that require us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby
reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund capital expenditures, working capital and other general corporate purposes and limit
our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry. 

We
cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain any additional financing on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. 

10 

We
are highly leveraged and we may need additional financing which may not be available. 

We
have funded our operations to date through loans from related parties, third party lenders and commercial banks and the willingness
of third parties to delay payment of amounts due. Consequently, as June 30, 2024, we had accrued accounts payable due related parties
of 903,728 and loans due third parties in the amount of 611,383 and the amount of our indebtedness has increased from such
date. If we are not able to pay or refinance the outstanding principal and accrued interest on our loans when due, our operations
may be materially and adversely affected. We may need to offer the holders of our debt increases in the rates of interest they
receive or otherwise compensate them through payments of cash or issuances of our equity securities or securities convertible into
our equity or modification of our loan agreements to provide additional compensation. Future financings or re-financings may involve
the issuance of additional debt, equity and securities convertible into or exercisable for our equity securities. If we are unable
to consummate such financings or re-financings, our operations may be adversely affected and the trading price of our common stock
could be adversely affected and the terms of such financings may adversely affect the interests of our existing stockholders. Any
failure to obtain additional working capital when required would have a material adverse impact on our business and financial
condition and may result in a decline in the price of our common stock. If we are not able to fund ongoing losses through funds
provided by third parties or our stockholders, we may become insolvent and cease operations. 

We
have a limited operating history on which to judge our performance and assess our prospects for future success. 

We
were formed in 2017. To date we have initiated operations in various businesses related to recreational maritime activities. We did not
have sufficient capital to fully develop these ventures and recently elected to dispose of them and focus on the design, manufacture
and sale of yachts. Consequently, we have a limited operating history on which to evaluate our prospects and have generated minimal revenues.
Although we anticipate that our revenues will increase, the amounts of future losses we will incur and when, if ever, we will achieve
profitability and positive cash flow from operations are uncertain. 

We
are subject to the risks frequently experienced by early-stage companies . 

The
likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the risks frequently encountered by early-stage companies. These risks include
our potential inability to: 

identify,
 attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel; 

develop
 strategic relationships and partnerships; 

continue
 to develop or otherwise obtain access to yachts containing those features that customers desire at prices which enable us to penetrate
 the market on a profitable basis; 

develop
 a positive reputation, attract customers and build trust with customers; 

scale
 up to larger operations on a consistent basis; and 

sufficiently
 fund the capital expenditures required to scale up from small initial operations to larger operations. 

Economic
conditions that impact consumer spending may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our
products compete with a variety of other recreational products and activities for consumers discretionary income and leisure time.
Our results of operations are therefore sensitive to changes in overall economic conditions that impact consumer spending and particularly
discretionary spending. Weakening of, and fluctuations in, economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income, the availability
of consumer credit, employment levels, consumer confidence, business conditions, fuel and energy costs, could reduce consumer spending
generally or discretionary spending in particular. Such reductions could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
or financial condition. 

We
may not be able to compete effectively against our competitors. 

We
face competition in the sale of yachts from well-established companies and small independent companies many of which have greater capital
resources, established dealer networks and recognized brand names. Our opportunity to obtain customers may be limited by our financial
resources and other assets. We are subject to competitive pricing. Such pricing pressure may limit our ability to maintain prices or
to increase prices for our products in response to raw material, labor and other cost increases and so negatively affect our profit margins. 

11 

We
will also face competition in any business area we may enter, including the design, manufacture and sale of energy-efficient yachts.
With respect to the yacht design, manufacturing and marketing business, our main competitors may be Amer Yachts Company, HAISEA Yacht
Company and HENSEN Yacht Company. There is no assurance that we will be able to effectively compete against these and other competitors. 

Our
growth could strain our personnel and infrastructure resources, and if we are unable to implement appropriate controls and procedures
to manage our growth, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan. 

Our
success will depend in part upon management s ability to manage growth. To do so, we must continue to hire, train, and manage new
employees as needed. If our new hires perform poorly, or if we are unsuccessful in hiring, training, managing, and integrating these
new employees, or if we are not successful in retaining our existing employees, our business may be harmed. To manage the expected growth
of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting
systems and procedures. The additional headcount and capital investments we are adding will increase our cost base, which will make it
more difficult for us to offset any future revenue shortfalls by offsetting expense reductions in the short term. If we fail to successfully
manage our growth, we will be unable to execute our business plan. 

Our
limited investment in R D may adversely affect our ability to enhance existing products and develop and market new products. 

We
continually review consumer demand for our products. We, however, devote limited amounts to developing new product lines. Thus, we may
not be able to compete effectively with those of our competitors that continually seek to develop new models and innovations to enhance
consumer appeal. Without significant investment in product development, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully
compete in the marketplace. Even if we can successfully introduce new models with enhanced accessories, there is no guarantee that these
models will appeal to consumers which could adversely impact our business and our results of operations or financial condition could
be materially adversely affected. 

We
rely on third parties to manufacture the yachts we sell. 

We
depend on third parties to manufacture all of the yachts we sell, in particular. Competition for the output of better manufacturers is
intense. If these independent manufacturers were unwilling or unable to supply us with yachts at prices which enable us to maintain our
gross margins, it would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Although we constantly
look to broaden the manufacturers we rely upon and reduce our dependence upon a limited number of manufacturers, there is no assurance
we will be able to do so. 

We
may choose to rely upon manufacturers based in China and their operations are subject to risks associated with business operations in
China. Any disruption in the ability of these manufacturers to supply us with appropriately products on a timely basis could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

The
boat manufacturing industry in mainland China and the demand for boats by citizens of the PRC are growing and we may seek to sell yachts
within the PRC directly or through distributors or have boats produced in the PRC. 

The
Chinese government may intervene or influence the operations of any business located in China or the industry in which a business operates
at any time, which could result in a material change to the operations of any distributor or supplier based in China with which we do
business. 

China
has been subject to political instability and dramatic changes in economic policies. Policies of the Chinese government can have significant
effects on the economic conditions of China and industries within China. The Chinese government has confirmed that economic development
will follow the model of a market economy. Under this direction, we believe that China will continue to strengthen its economic and trading
relationships with foreign countries and business development in China will follow market forces. While we believe that this trend will
continue, we cannot assure you that this will be the case. Changes in policies, regulations, rules, and the enforcement of laws by the
Chinese government, may produce quick shifts in policy with little advance notice that could adversely affect our interests by interfering
with the operations of Chinese based suppliers we choose to rely upon. Although the Chinese government has been pursuing economic reform
policies for more than two decades, we cannot assure you that the government will continue to pursue such policies or that such policies
may not be significantly altered, especially in the event of a change in leadership, social or political disruption, or other circumstances
affecting China s political, economic, and social environment. 

12 

We
have manufacturers based in Taiwan and the yachts that we receive from them may be subject to certain risks of economic and policy changes
in China that could adversely affect our business operations. 

Our
business is based in Taiwan and we rely upon manufacturers in Taiwan. The sovereignty of Taiwan is a longstanding point of contention
between China and the United States. The United States maintains unofficial relations with Taiwan, while also recognizing the One
China policy of China, which acknowledges Beijing as the legitimate government of China. Both China and the United States have
engaged in military posturing around the Taiwan Strait. This increases the risk of accidental clashes or misunderstandings that could
escalate into conflict, which will affect both our China-mainland-based and Taiwan-based suppliers. 

Higher
fuel costs can materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Increases
in energy costs can adversely affect the pricing and availability of petroleum based raw materials. There is no guarantee that we will
be able to pass such higher costs to customers, and so an increase in such costs could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations or financial condition. Also, higher fuel costs, whether petroleum based or electric, increase the cost of owning
and operating yachts, which can reduce demand for them and so materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial
condition. 

Changes
in the credit markets could decrease the ability of consumers to purchase our products and have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations or financial condition . 

Changes
in economic conditions could result in a deterioration or increased volatility in the credit and lending markets, which could adversely
impact consumers who rely upon financing for such purchases. If financing is not available to consumers on satisfactory terms, it is
possible that our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, concerns
regarding the debt ceiling of the United States and budget deficit resulting in the downgrade of the United States government s
credit rating and the impact of additional credit agency downgrades could have a material adverse effect on worldwide economic conditions,
the financial markets, and the availability of credit and, consequently, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
or financial condition. 

Our
business depends on the continued contributions made by Mr. Shang-Chai Kung. The loss of the services of Mr. Kung may result in a severe
impediment to our business. 

Our
success is dependent upon the continued contributions made by Mr. Shang-Chai Kung our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Kung
is 84 years old. If he cannot serve the Company or is no longer willing to do so, the Company may not be able to find alternatives in
a timely manner or at all. This would likely result in severe damage to our business operations and would have an adverse material impact
on our financial position and operational results. 

Our
business depends on the efforts of our management, and our business may be severely disrupted if we lose their services. 

In
addition to Mr. Kung, we currently depend on the continued services and performance of key members of our management team. Many of our
executives have extensive experience in the maritime industry, our products and the markets for our products. The loss of some or all
our executives could negatively affect our ability to develop and pursue our business strategy, which could materially adversely affect
our business, results of operations or financial condition. We do not maintain Key Employee insurance on any members of
our management team. 

In
addition, our success depends to a large extent upon our ability to retain skilled employees at rates which enable us to maintain our
margins. There is intense competition for qualified and skilled employees, and our failure to recruit, train and retain such employees
at appropriate rates of compensation, if at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial
condition. 

13 

Our
management has no experience operating a company with publicly traded shares. 

Mr.
Kung has not operated a company with shares traded in the public markets and consequently, are not familiar with many of the requirements
applicable to a public company. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to ensure compliance
with these requirements and we anticipate that we may need to rely upon outside advisors, counsel, and consultants to ensure compliance
with applicable laws and regulations and undertaking various actions, such as implementing new internal controls and procedures. We anticipate
that compliance with these rules and regulations will increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs substantially. 

If
we fail to develop and protect our brand names and reputation, we may not attract customers, which could adversely affect our revenues
and financial performance. 

We
will invest significant resources to promote our brand names to obtain favorable recognition for us and our products among the public
and, in particular, prospective distributors and dealers. We may not be able to attract and retain a robust network of distributors and
dealers or a significant customer base, which could in turn adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our
inability to adequately protect our trade names, trademarks and patents could have an impact on our brand images and ability to penetrate
new markets. 

We
believe that our trade names and trademarks and patents will be important assets and an essential element of our strategy. We will apply
for the registration of many of our trade names, trademarks, and patents in various countries. This process is time consuming and expensive.
There can be no assurance that we will obtain such registrations or that the registrations we obtain will prevent the imitation of our
trademarks, brand names, products or infringement of our intellectual property rights by others. Our failure to successfully protect
our trademarks could diminish the value and effectiveness of our past and future marketing efforts and could cause customer confusion.
This could in turn adversely affect our revenues, profitability, and the market price of our common stock. 

We
may be unable to protect our intellectual property or may incur substantial costs because of litigation or other proceedings relating
to the protection of our intellectual property. 

Our
success depends in part on our ability to protect our patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets from unauthorized use by others.
If substantial unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights occurs, we may incur significant costs in enforcing such rights by
prosecuting actions for infringement of our rights, particularly considering that policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property
may be particularly difficult outside North America. Such unauthorized use could also result in diversion of management resources devoting
attention to these matters at the expense of other tasks related to our business. Others may also initiate litigation to challenge the
validity of our patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets, or allege that we are infringing their patents, trademarks, copyrights
or trade secrets. If our competitors initiate litigation to challenge the validity of our patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade
secrets, or allege that we infringe theirs, we may incur substantial costs to defend our rights. If the outcome of any such litigation
is unfavorable, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. If we are unable to
protect our technology through the enforcement of intellectual property rights, our ability to compete based on technological advantages
may be harmed. If we fail to prevent substantial unauthorized use of our trade secrets, we risk the loss of certain competitive advantages,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Significant
product repair and/or replacement due to product warranty claims or product recalls could have a material adverse impact on our business,
results of operations or financial condition. 

We
provide a limited warranty against defects for all our products for a period generally varying from one year to two years. Although we
employ quality control procedures, sometimes a product is distributed that needs repair or replacement. We record provisions in our financial
statements based on an estimate of product warranty claims, but there is the possibility that actual claims may exceed these provisions
and therefore negatively impact earnings. 

14 

The
failure of our information technology systems or a security breach involving consumer or employee personal data could have a materially
adverse effect on our reputation and business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our
business operations utilize a variety of cloud-based information technology systems. We are dependent on these systems for all commercial
transactions and supply chain and inventory management. Although we (i) have established a firewall for our network, (ii) conduct regular
system updates and employee trainings, (iii) regularly backup our data and (iv) have established appropriate contingency plans to mitigate
the risks associated with a failure of our information technology systems or a security breach, if one of our key IT systems were to
suffer a failure this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Further, we
rely on third parties for certain IT services. If the service provider were to fail or the relationship with us were to end, we might
be unable to find a suitable replacement in a timely manner, and our business, results of operations or financial condition could be
materially adversely affected. We continually modify and enhance our IT systems and technologies to increase productivity and efficiency.
As new systems and technologies are implemented, we could experience unanticipated difficulties resulting in unexpected costs and adverse
impacts to our manufacturing and other business processes. When implemented, the systems and technologies may not provide the benefits
anticipated and could add costs and complications to ongoing operations, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations or financial condition. 

We
receive and store personal information in connection with human resources operations, credit operations, warranty management, marketing
efforts and other aspects of our businesses. Any security breach of our IT systems or those with whom we do business could result in
disruptions to our operations or erroneous transactions. To the extent that such a breach results in a loss or damage to our data, or
an inappropriate disclosure of confidential or personal information, it could cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our
relationships with our customers, lead to claims against us and ultimately materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
or financial condition. 

We
and our products are subject to laws, rules and regulations regarding product safety, health, environmental and noise pollution and other
issues that could cause us to incur fines or penalties or increase our operating costs. 

Our
products are subject to laws, rules and regulations in various countries regarding product safety, health, environmental and noise pollution
and other issues that could cause our customers to incur fines or penalties or increase our operating costs as we seek to ensure that
our yachts meet all applicable regulations. A failure to comply with, or compliance with, any such requirements or any new requirements
could result in increased expenses to modify our products, or harm to our reputation. 

Climate
change is receiving increasing attention worldwide. A perceived consensus regarding the impact of increased levels of greenhouse gases,
including carbon dioxide, on climate change has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions.
Greenhouse gas regulations could result in an overall increase in costs of raw materials or operating expenses, any of which could reduce
competitiveness in a global economy or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
Many of our suppliers face similar circumstances. Moreover, we and our suppliers may face greater regulatory or customer pressure to
offer products that generate less greenhouse emissions. This may require the expenditure of significant funds on R D implementation
and subject us to the risk that our competitors may respond to these pressures in a manner that gives them a competitive advantage. The
development of such products may also present challenges in maintaining the look, sound and feel of our products. While additional regulations
of emissions in the future appear likely, it is too early to predict whether such regulation could ultimately have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

If
product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities. 

We
face a risk of lawsuits alleging that our yachts fail to meet specifications or are otherwise defective, including claims of defects
causing personal injury. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a
failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability and a breach of warranties. If we cannot successfully
defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities. Even successful defense would require significant
financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased
 demand for products that we offer for sale; 

15 

injury
 to our reputation; 

costs
 to defend the related litigation; 

a
 diversion of management s time and resources; 

substantial
 monetary awards to trial participants or customers; and 

product
 recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions. 

Our
insurance may not be sufficient. 

We
carry insurance that we consider adequate in regard to the nature of the covered risks and the costs of coverage. We are not fully insured
against all possible risks, nor are all such risks insurable. We may be forced to cover the costs of certain realized risks which may
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We
rely on confidentiality agreements with our suppliers, employees, consultants and other parties. 

We
rely on proprietary information, which we seek to protect, in part, through confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with our employees,
customers and other parties. There can be no assurance that these agreements will not be breached, that we would have adequate remedies
for any such breach or that our proprietary information or trade secrets will not otherwise become known to or independently developed
by competitors. To the extent that consultants, key employees or other third parties apply technological information independently developed
by them or by others to our proposed projects, disputes may arise as to the proprietary rights to such information that may not be resolved
in our favor. We may be involved from time to time in litigation to determine the enforceability, scope and validity of our proprietary
rights. Any such litigation could result in substantial cost and diversion of effort by our management and technical personnel. 

Natural
disasters, unusually adverse weather, pandemic outbreaks, boycotts and geo-political events could materially adversely affect our business,
results of operations or financial condition. 

The
occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes and earthquakes, unusually adverse weather, pandemic outbreaks, such
as Covid-19, boycotts and geo-political events, such as civil unrest, conflicts between countries, between countries and terrorist organizations,
and acts of terrorism, upheavals in U.S.-China relations, or similar disruptions could materially adversely affect our business, results
of operations or financial condition. These events could result in physical damage to one or more of our properties or the properties
of our suppliers and distributors, increases in fuel or other energy prices, temporary or permanent closure of the facilities of our
suppliers and distributors, temporary lack of an adequate workforce in a market, temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of raw
materials, product parts and components, temporary disruption in transport to and from overseas, especially China, and disruption to
our information systems, and, ultimately, have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

The
occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes and earthquakes, unusually adverse weather, pandemic outbreaks, boycotts
and geo-political events, such as civil unrest and acts of terrorism, upheavals in U.S-China relations, or similar disruptions could
materially adversely affect the financial markets. The price of our common stock may decline significantly if such an event were to occur
after the consummation of this offering, in which case you may lose your investment. 

Our
ability, or lack thereof, to establish strategic partnerships and expand our distribution channels may adversely affect our business
and our plans to expand our market. 

A
critical component of our expansion plan is to successfully establish new strategic partnerships in Southeast Asia and the Middle East.
Even if we establish new strategic partnerships, there is no guarantee that we can maintain successful relationships with new dealers
and distributors or that our partners will yield additional revenue and profits based on sales. 

16 

Inflation
could pose a risk to our business. 

Inflation
is an important factor that must be considered as we move forward. A change in the rate of inflation could influence the profits that
we generate from our business. When the rate of inflation rises, the operational costs of running our company would increase, such as
labor costs, raw materials and public utilities, affecting our ability to provide our services at competitive prices. An increase in
the rate of inflation would force our clients to search for other service providers, causing us to lose business and revenue. 

Risks
Related to Doing Business in Taiwan 

Political
Issues 

Taiwan
is surrounded by sea. The population density is high around the west coast and Taiwan Strait. Taiwanese vessels are allowed to cruise
offshore only on the west coast due to the political issue between Taiwan and PRC. This restriction on the mobility of vessels adversely
impacts the accessibility of Taiwanese vessels along the west coast and sea tourism in that area. 

Consumer
Preferences 

Most
consumers in Taiwan are not familiar with the luxury yacht market and are price-conscious. As a result, we believe the market in Taiwan
may be more receptive to sightseeing boats and yachts designed to accommodate more passengers on overnight trips. We may not be able
to develop a sufficient market for our products in Taiwan and it may require significant marketing efforts to develop a market for group
trips and sightseeing. 

Climate
Issues 

Taiwan
is located in the subtropical and tropical areas with typhoons in Summer and strong seasonal wind in Winter. These seasonal climates
may adversely impact the market for sea tourism in Summer and Winter. 

Competition 

The
government of Taiwan has supported the development of the yacht manufacturing industry in Taiwan. Continued investment in yacht related
businesses and marina infrastructure by the government has led to the development of a highly competitive market. 

You
may have difficulty in effecting service of legal process or bringing actions against us or our management based on foreign laws. 

We
are a Nevada company which conducts our operations through a branch office in Taiwan and most of our assets are and will be located outside
the United States. Almost all of our operations will be conducted in Taiwan. In addition, nearly all of our officers and directors, are
residents of Taiwan and all of their assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for you to effect
service of process upon us or our directors and officers inside Taiwan or to bring actions against us or our management in Taiwan. 

Foreign
exchange fluctuations may affect our business. 

The
functional currency utilized by our branch in Taiwan is the New Taiwan Dollar or NTD. Therefore, foreign exchange fluctuations may influence
our business and our financial reporting in unpredictable ways. 

The
value of the NTD against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in political
and economic conditions and the foreign exchange policy adopted by the Taiwanese government. It is difficult to predict how market forces
or Taiwanese or U.S. government policy, including any interest rate increases by the Federal Reserve, may impact the exchange rate between
the NTD and the U.S. dollar. 

A
substantial percentage of our revenues and costs are denominated in NTD and a significant portion of our assets are also denominated
in NTD. We are a holding company and we rely on our branch in Taiwan to provide funds for expenses incurred outside of Taiwan. Any significant
fluctuations in the value of the NTD may materially and adversely affect our liquidity and cash flows. Appreciation of the U.S. dollar
against the NTD would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount we would receive. 

17 

Risks
Relating to Our Securities 

Trading
in our shares is limited and we do not know if an active trading market for our shares will develop in the future. Even if a market does
develop following this offering, you may be unable to sell your shares at or near ask prices or at all if you need to sell your shares
to raise money or otherwise desire to liquidate your shares. 

Trading
on our securities is limited and we cannot assure you that an active trading market for our common stock will develop in the future or
if it does develop, it may not be maintained. The number of persons interested in purchasing our common shares at or near bid prices
at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when trading
activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity.
A broad or active public trading market for our common shares may not develop or be sustained. You may not be able to sell your shares
quickly or at the market price if trading in our common stock is not active. The initial public offering price for the shares will be
determined by negotiations between us and representatives of the Underwriters and may not be indicative of prices that will prevail in
the trading market following the completion of this offering. Consequently, you may not be able to sell shares of our common stock at
prices equal to or greater than the price you pay in this offering. 

The
market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

The
trading price of our common shares is likely to be volatile and could fluctuate widely due to factors beyond our control. This may happen
because of the broad market and industry factors, like the performance and fluctuation of the market prices of other companies with business
operations located in Taiwan that have listed their securities in the United States. This volatility may prevent you from being able
to sell your shares at or above the price you paid for your shares. Our stock price could be subject to wide fluctuations in response
to a variety of factors, which include: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; 

publication
 of research reports by securities analysts about us or our competitors or our industry; 

the
 public s reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 SEC 

our
 failure or the failure of our competitors to meet analysts projections or guidance that we or our competitors may give to
 the market; 

additions
 and departures of key personnel; 

strategic
 decisions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions, divestitures, spin-offs, joint ventures, strategic investments or changes
 in business strategy; 

the
 passage of legislation or other regulatory developments affecting us or our industry; 

speculation
 in the press or investment community; 

general
 economic conditions or political conditions between China and Taiwan; 

fluctuations
 in exchange rates; and 

changes
 in accounting principles. 

In
addition, the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to
the operating performance of companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock,
regardless of our actual operating performance. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been initiated against companies
following periods of volatility in their stock price. This type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management s
attention and resources and could also require us to make substantial payments to satisfy judgments or to settle litigation. 

Our
quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly. 

Our
quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly because of several factors, including: 

availability
 of subcontractors to manufacture our products; 

18 

the
 timing of delivery of yachts to our customers; 

changes
 in interest rates; 

macroeconomic
 conditions, both nationally and locally; 

changes
 in consumer preferences and competitive conditions; 

expansion
 to new markets; 

increases
 in infrastructure costs; and 

in
 commodity prices. 

Unanticipated
fluctuations in our quarterly operating results could result in a decline in our stock price. 

Our
shares are subject to the penny stock rules. 

The
SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally
equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or authorized
for quotation on certain automated quotation systems, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions
in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. Our common stock currently is a penny stock. The penny stock rules require
a broker-dealer, before a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure
document containing specified information. In addition, the penny stock rules require that before effecting any transaction in a penny
stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, a broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable
investment for the purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement;
(ii) a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement.
These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our common stock, and
therefore stockholders may have difficulty selling their shares. 

We
have no current plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future, and you may not receive any return on investment
unless you sell your common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 

We
are likely to retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and have no current plans to pay any
cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of
our Board of Directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual
restrictions and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be limited
by covenants of any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur, including our credit facility. As a result,
you may not receive any return on an investment in our common stock unless you sell our common stock for a price greater than that which
you paid for it and any potential investor who anticipates the need for current dividends should not purchase our securities. See the
section entitled Dividend Policy . 

There
can be no assurance that we will ever provide liquidity to our investors through a sale of our company. 

While
acquisitions of companies like ours are not uncommon, potential investors are cautioned that no assurances can be given that any form
of merger, combination, or sale of our company will take place following this offering, or that any merger, combination, or sale, even
if consummated, would provide liquidity or a profit for our investors. You should not invest in our company with the expectation that
we will be able to sell the business in order to provide liquidity or a profit for our investors. 

19 

The
holder of the outstanding shares of our Preferred Stock can control all matters brought before our shareholders for a vote, including
the election of all members of our board of directors. 

We
currently have outstanding 832,000 shares of Class A Convertible Preferred Stock which are owned by Honetech Inc, a Samoa company, which
is owned by Ms. Yu Cheng. Each share of our Class A Preferred Stock is convertible, at any time, into ten (10) shares of our common stock.
The holder of our Class A Preferred Stock votes together with the holders of our common stock on all matters brought for a vote by our
shareholders and is entitled to cast 50 votes for each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock or 41,600,000 votes in total. We
have outstanding 27,410,921 shares of common stock. Therefore, Yu Cheng, as the owner of Hontech Inc., can cast votes representing
60.28 of the aggregate voting power on all matters voted upon by our stockholders, including the election of members of our Board of
Directors. Accordingly, Ms. Cheng will have significant influence in determining the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matter
submitted to the shareholders for approval, including mergers, consolidations, the election of directors and other significant corporate
actions. Ms. Cheng will also have the power to prevent or cause a change in control of our Company. Without the consent of Ms. Cheng,
we may be prevented from entering into transactions that could be beneficial to us or our minority shareholders. Ms. Cheng s interests
may differ from the interests of our other shareholders. 

Ownership
of our common stock is concentrated. The interests of those currently holding a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock
and our preferred stock may not be aligned with the interests of our other shareholders. 

Approximately
ten individuals own a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock. If any of these individuals were to seek to sell shares of
our common stock or grant a lien on their shares which results in the sale of shares of our common stock, it could have an adverse impact
on the market price of our common stock. Further, the possibility that such sales might occur as a result of this concentration in the
ownership of our common stock may cause a material decline in the value of our common stock. 

The
sale or availability for sale of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely affect its market price. 

Sales
of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, including sales made of any shares pledged for a loan by any holder
of a significant number of shares of our common stock, or the perception that these sales could occur, could adversely affect the market
price of our common stock and could materially impair our ability to raise capital through equity offerings in the future. Shares held
by our existing shareholders may be sold in the public market in the future subject to the restrictions in Rule 144 under the Securities
Act. We cannot predict what effect, if any, market sales of securities held by our significant shareholders or any other shareholder
or the availability of these securities for future sale will have on the market price of our common stock. 

We
incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance
initiatives. 

As
a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that are not incurred by private companies, including some
of our competitors. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently implemented by the SEC, has imposed various requirements on
public companies. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives.
Moreover, we anticipate that compliance with these rules and regulations will increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance
costs substantially. A number of those requirements will require us to carry out activities we have not done previously. For example,
we will create new board committees and adopt new internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures. In addition, these rules
and regulations may make our activities related to legal, accounting and financial compliance more difficult, time-consuming and costly
and may also place undue strain on our personnel, systems and resources. Furthermore, if we identify any issues in complying with those
requirements (for example, if we or our auditors identify a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over
financial reporting), we could incur additional costs rectifying those issues, and the existence of those issues could adversely affect
us, our reputation or investor perceptions of us. If these requirements divert the attention of our management and personnel from other
business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes
to accounting rules or regulations may adversely affect the reporting of our results of operations. 

Changes
to existing accounting rules or regulations may impact the reporting of our future results of operations or cause the perception that
we are more highly leveraged. Other new accounting rules or regulations and varying interpretations of existing accounting rules or regulations
have occurred and may occur in the future. 

20 

Anti-takeover
provisions in our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and Nevada law could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company
and may affect the trading price of our common stock. 

The
anti-takeover provisions of the Nevada law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a
business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even
if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. Our Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws may discourage,
delay or prevent a change in our management or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable. For example, our Board of Directors
has the right to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval that could be used to dilute a potential hostile acquirer. As a result,
you may lose your ability to sell your stock for a price in excess of the prevailing market price due to these protective measures, and
efforts by stockholders to change the direction or management of the company may be unsuccessful. In addition, our Articles of Incorporation
and Bylaws will: 

provide
 that vacancies on our Board of Directors, including newly created directorships, may be filled only by a majority vote of directors
 then in office; 

provide
 that special meetings of stockholders may only be called by our Chairman and/or President, our Board of Directors or a super-majority
 (66 or 2/3 of our stockholders; 

place
 restrictive requirements (including advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals) on how special meetings of stockholders
 may be called by our stockholders; 

not
 provide stockholders with the ability to cumulate their votes; and provide that only a super-majority of our stockholders (66 or
 2/3 may amend our amended and restated bylaws. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if the publish a negative report regarding
our common shares, the price of our common shares and trading volume could decline. 

Any
trading market for our common shares may depend in part on the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about
us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade us, the price
of our common shares would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish
reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the price of our common shares and the trading volume
to decline. 

Volatility
in our common share price may subject us to securities litigation. 

The
market for our common shares may have, when compared to seasoned issuers, significant price volatility and we expect that our share price
may continue to be more volatile than that of a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. In the past, plaintiffs have often initiated
securities class action litigation against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may, in
the future, be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and liabilities and could divert
management s attention and resources. 

In
order to raise sufficient funds to enhance operations, we may have to issue additional securities at prices which may result in substantial
dilution to our shareholders. 

If
we raise additional funds through the sale of equity or convertible debt, our current shareholders percentage ownership will be
reduced. In addition, these transactions may dilute the value of common shares outstanding. We may have to issue securities that may
have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to our common shares. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to raise additional
funds on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If future financing is not available or is not available on acceptable terms, we may not
be able to fund our future needs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business plans, prospects, results of operations
and financial condition. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

21 

ITEM
1C. CYBERSECURITY 

Risk
Assessment and Strategy 

We
regularly evaluate cybersecurity risk from computer viruses and more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks such as ransomware,
as well as cybersecurity failures resulting from human error and technological errors. Such risks are reviewed by our management on a
periodic basis as deemed appropriate. 

Our
overall strategy in combatting known cybersecurity risks includes a variety of individual tactics, including: 

the
 use of antivirus software, virtual private networks, email security, as well as other software to prevent and detect data intrusions. 

the
 deployment of updates and patches as they are available and maintaining the current versions of major software to reduce the exposure
 to vulnerabilities. 

the
 use of third-party service to conduct mandatory online training for all employees regarding identifying and avoiding cyber-security
 risks. 

the
 review of the security procedures used by third parties that may host or otherwise have access to Fuel Tech s data. 

the
 deployment of third-party cyber-security experts to perform penetration testing on our internal and external networks and systems
 in an effort to identify potential vulnerabilities. 

if
 necessary, the use of third-party security experts if and when an incident is detected 

We
are not aware of having experienced any material cybersecurity incidents. We are not aware of any existent cybersecurity threats that
would materially affect, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our business strategy, results of operations or financial conditions.
For more information, please see Cybersecurity under Item 1A Risk Factors above. 

Board
Oversight 

As
the Board of Directors has yet to establish any committees, Management regularly updates our Board regarding Management s efforts
to minimize cybersecurity risks. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

No
disclosure is required by this Item as there is no property owned or leased by us that is material to our operations that we cannot readily
replace. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are not currently party to any material legal or administrative proceedings and are not aware of any claim which might lead to a material
legal or administrative proceeding being commenced against us in the foreseeable future. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR EQUITY SECURITIES AND OTHER SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

MARKET
INFORMATION 

Our
common stock is subject to quotation on the OTCQB market under the symbol VIVC. The following table shows the high and low reported
sales prices for our common stock during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 as reported by the OTC Market. These prices
reflect inter-dealer quotations without adjustments for retail markup, markdown or commission, and do not necessarily represent
actual transactions. There is no established market for our common stock. 

22 

Price Range 
 
 Period 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Period from July 1, 2024, to October 17, 2024 
 5.09 
 2.00 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2024: 

Fourth Quarter 
 5.00 
 1.55 
 
 Third Quarter 
 1.88 
 .51 
 
 Second Quarter 
 1.48 
 0.21 
 
 First Quarter 
 - 
 - 

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023: 

Fourth Quarter 
 0.99 
 0.99 
 
 Third Quarter 
 - 
 - 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.51 
 0.51 
 
 First Quarter 
 1.05 
 0.60 

Holders 

On
October 18, 2024, there were approximately 105 holders of record of our common stock. The number of record holders does not
include persons who held our common stock in nominee or street name accounts through brokers. 

Dividend
Policy. 

We have neither declared nor paid any cash dividends on either preferred or common stock. For the foreseeable future, we
intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our preferred or common stock. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will
be dependent upon then existing conditions, including its financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual
restrictions, business prospects, and other factors that the Board of Directors considers relevant. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

We
currently do not have any equity compensation plans. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 

All
sales of unregistered securities made by us during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 were previously reported. 

Purchases
of Our Equity Securities 

No
repurchases of our common stock were made by us during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Statements
made in this Annual Report that are not historical or current facts are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the
safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. These statements often can be identified by the use of terms such as may, will, expect, 
 believe, anticipate, estimate, approximate or continue, or the
negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors for such statements. We wish to caution
readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking
statements represent management s commercially reasonable judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking
statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and factors beyond our control that could cause actual results and events to differ materially
from historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation subsequently
to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect the occurrence
of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

23 

Overview 

Beginning
with a change in our management resulting from a change in control of our Company which occurred at the end of 2018, we have explored
and initiated operations in a number of business areas related to the pleasure boat industry. These included yacht sales, marine tourism,
development of electric powered yachts, development and operation of yacht marinas in Asia and the development of a yacht rental and
time share service. In 2023, we determined to focus our efforts on yacht sales in Taiwan and other selected regions throughout the world,
and since that time have disposed of all of our business operations in mainland China. 

We
are the exclusive distributor of Monte-Fino yachts in Asia and the Middle East pursuant to our agreement with Kha Shing Enterprise Co.
We also distribute Monte Fino yachts in other territories throughout the world other than those where Kha Shing has granted another company
exclusive distribution rights. Our employees located in Taiwan engage in the design, construction, on an outsourced basis, and distribution
of power boats, charter boats and eco-friendly new energy boats. In cooperation with Kha Shing, we design and offer various yachts models
which differ in their sizes, performances, and functions. Currently, we own our own brand name, VIVIC. 

As
our company grows, we will seek to expand the yacht brands we offer for sale, the territories in which we market yachts and, if appropriate
based on our capabilities and what we can offer, seek to become the exclusive distributor for yacht manufacturers in Taiwan and other
territories. We will also seek to enter other areas related to the marine industry where we believe we can be profitable 

Our
yachts are manufactured by third parties selected by us on the basis of their production capabilities, technical ability and financial
wherewithal. Once a customer places an order, we negotiate and sign an original equipment manufacturer contract with a selected local
manufacturer. Our technical staff closely monitors the progress of construction. Upon completion, we deliver the boat to the location
designated by our customer. 

Results
of Operations 

On
July 12, 2023, our subsidiary, Vivic Corporation (Hong Kong) Co. Limited Vivic Hong Kong ), entered into a Stock Purchase
Agreement with Yun-Kuang Kung pursuant to which Mr. Kung acquired all of the shares of our wholly-owned subsidiary, Guangdong
Weiguan Ship Tech Co., Ltd. Weiguan Ship ). In consideration for our interest in Weiguan Ship, we received RMB 1,000 137)
and the agreement of Mr. Kung to indemnify us and our affiliates against any and all claims, including unknown claims and claims for
taxes, related to the business of Weiguan Ship whether arising before or after the date of the Stock Purchase Agreement. The divestiture
of Weiguan Ship completed our plan to divest of all activities other than our ongoing yacht business in Taiwan. 

Our
consolidated financial statements contained in this report have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and,
accordingly, do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that
might be necessary should we be unable to continue in operation. 

As
a result of the sale of our interest in Weiguan Ship and its subsidiaries, the assets and related liabilities and the results of operations
of such entities are included in the financial statements included in this report as discontinued operations. The following table sets
forth the results of our operations for the periods indicated as a percentage of net sales. Certain columns may not add due to rounding. 

24 

Comparison
of results of operations for the years ended June 30, 2024, and 2023 

Dollar 
 Percent 

2024 
 of sales 
 2023 
 of sales 
 Increase (Decrease) 
 Increase (Decrease) 
 
 Revenue, net 
 5,950,692 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,950,692 
 100.00 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 4,152,372 
 69.78 
 - 
 - 
 4,152,372 
 100.00 
 
 Gross profit 
 1,798,320 
 30.22 
 - 
 - 
 1,798,320 
 100.00 
 
 Selling Expenses 
 127,708 
 2.15 

127,708 
 100.00 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 513,411 
 8.63 
 280,483 
 - 
 232,928 
 83.05 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 641,119 
 10.77 
 280,483 
 - 
 360,636 
 128.58 
 
 Income from operations 
 1,157,201 
 19.45 
 (280,483 
 - 
 1,437,683 
 512.57 
 
 Other expenses, net 
 (22,051 
 (0.37 
 (38,366 
 - 
 16,315 
 42.52 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 1,135,150 
 19.08 
 (318,849 
 - 
 1,453,999 
 456,01 
 
 Income tax expense 
 154,199 
 2.59 
 - 
 - 
 154,199 
 100.00 
 
 Net income (loss) from continuing operations 
 980,951 
 16.48 
 (318,849 
 - 
 1,299,800 
 407.65 
 
 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 
 1,869,563 
 31.42 
 (461,477 
 - 
 2,331,040 
 505.13 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to Vivic Corp. 
 2,850,514 
 47.90 
 (780,326 
 - 
 3,630,840 
 465.30 

Revenue 

Revenue
from continuing operations was 5,950,692 for the year ended June 30, 2024. We did not generate revenues from continuing operations in
the year ended June 30, 2023. The revenue from continuing operations for the year ended June 30, 2024 reflected sales of yachts. In 2023,
we determined to focus our efforts on yacht sales in Taiwan and other selected regions throughout the world. 

Cost
of revenue 

Cost
of revenue from continuing operations was 4,152,372 for the year ended June 30, 2024. We did not generate revenues from continuing operations
in year ended June 30, 2023 and thus had no cost of revenues in the period. The cost of revenues in the year ended June 30, 2024 was
mainly due to costs associated with yacht sales. 

Gross
profit 

Gross
profit from continuing operations was 1,798,320 for the year ended June 30, 2024. We had no gross profits from continuing operations
for the year ended June 30, 2023. The gross profit in the year ended June 30, 2024 is all the result of yacht sales. 

25 

Operating
expenses 

Selling
expenses consisted mainly of advertising, employee salaries and welfare, entertainment, and transportation expenses of the marketing
department. Selling expenses were 127,708 for the year ended June 30, 2024, compared to nil for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

General and administrative expenses consisted mainly of employee
salaries and welfare, and business meeting, utilities, accounting, consulting, and legal expenses. General and administrative expenses
were 513,411 for the year ended June 30, 2024, compared to 280,483 for the year ended June 30, 2023, an increase of 232,928 or 83.05 
resulting from our increased operations and sales activities. The increase of G A expenses mainly included increased payroll expense
of 18,427, increased professional fees of 111,655, increased travel expenses of 11,204, increased meal and entertainment expenses of
 15,587, increased subcontract labor of 61,904, increased OTC Listing fee of 4,290, and increased other expenses of 10,440. 

Other
income (expenses), net 

Net
other expenses was 22,015 for the year ended June 30, 2024, and 38,366 for the year ended June 30, 2023. For the
year ended June 30, 2024, net other expenses mainly consisted of interest expense of 23,683, which was partly offset by other
income of 1,632. For the year ended June 30, 2023, net other expenses mainly consisted of miscellaneous expenses of 29,050,
and interest expense of 9,316. 

Net
(income) loss from continuing operations 

We had net income from continuing operations of 980,951 for the year ended
June 30, 2024, compared to a net loss of 318,849 for the year ended June 30, 2023, an increase of 1,299,800 or 407.65 . The increase
in net income from continuing operations was mainly due to the gross profit generated through yacht sales which was partly offset by increased
G A expenses. 

LIQUIDITY
AND GOING CONCERN 

We
had 310,859 of cash and cash equivalents and working capital of 3,201,865 as of June 30, 2024, and generated net income from continuing
operations of 980,951 during the year ended June 30, 2024. The following is a summary of cash provided by or used in each of the indicated
types of activities during the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

26 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities for continuing operations 
 (261,488 
 313,226 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities for discontinued operations 
 - 
 (1,239,304 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 (261,488 
 (926,078 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities for continuing operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities for discontinued operations 
 
 (180,787 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 (180,787 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities for continuing operations 
 (304,080 
 496,040 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for discontinued operations 
 - 
 1,453,069 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 (304,080 
 1,949,109 

Net
cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities from continuing operations was 261,488 for the year ended June 30, 2024, compared to net cash
provided by operating activities from continuing operations of 313,226 for the year ended June 30, 2023. Net cash used in
discontinued operations was 1,239,304 for the year ended June 30, 2023. The decrease in cash inflow from operating activities from
continuing operations was principally attributable to 1) an increase in accounts receivable related parties by 1,242,690,
2) an increase in deferred revenue by 4,636,568, and 3) an increase in note receivables by 162,831, which was partly offset by 1)
an increase in deposits and prepayments by 1,406,927, 2) an increase in inventory by 1,637,113, 3) an increase in accounts payable
of 979,007, and 4) an increase in tax payables by 140,957, as well as increased net income by 1,299,800. 

Net
cash used in investing activities 

There
was no cash provided by or used in investing activities for continuing operations for the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. Cash used in investing activities for discontinued operations was 180,787 for the year ended June
30, 2023. 

Net
cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net
cash used in financing activities for continuing operations was 304,080 for the year ended June 30, 2024, compared to net cash
provided by financing activities for continuing operations of 496,040 for the year ended June 30, 2023. Net cash provided by
financing activities for discontinued operations was 1,453,069 for the year ended June 30, 2023. Net cash used in financing activities
for continuing operations for the year ended June 30, 2024, consisted of repayments to related parties of 352,329 which was partly offset by proceeds from related parties of 48,249. Net cash provided
by financing activities for continuing operations for the year ended June 30, 2023, consisted of proceeds from loans of 553,586,
and proceeds from advances from related parties of 63,336, which was partly offset by repayment to related parties of 120,882. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared using the going concern basis of accounting, which contemplates the
realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

The
Company had 310,859 of cash and cash equivalents and working capital of approximately 3.2 million as of June 30, 2024, which
included accounts receivable from a related party -Weiguan Ship of 0.02 million, accounts receivable from a related party - Jiazhou
Yacht of 1.2 million, and amounts due from related parties of 2.5 million, and the Company generated net income of 2.9 million including 1.87 million gain on disposal of Weiguan ship) during the year ended June
30, 2024. However, the Company had an accumulated deficit of approximately 2.3 million as of June 30, 2024. 

The
continuation of the Company as a going concern through the one-year anniversary of the date of this filing is dependent upon continued
financial support from its related parties and loans or investments from third parties. The Company is actively pursuing additional financing
for its operations through loans and the sale of equity. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in securing
sufficient funds to sustain its operations. 

27 

Management
has determined that the above conditions indicate that it may be probable that the Company would not be able to meet its obligations
within one year after the date of issuance of this report. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements included in this report do not include any adjustments
to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may result in the Company
not being able to continue as a going concern. 

PLAN
OF OPERATION AND FUNDING 

We
expect that working capital requirements will continue to be funded through a combination of our existing funds, cash generated from
operations and further issuances of securities to our principal shareholders. Our working capital requirements are expected to increase
in line with the growth of our business. 

Existing
working capital, further advances and the issuance of debt instruments, and anticipated cash flow are expected to be adequate to
fund our operations over the next six months. We have no lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements apart from amounts
outstanding under our SBA Loan and our loan with Taiwan Hua Nan Bank. Generally, we have financed operations to date through the
proceeds of the private placement of equity and debt instruments to our principal shareholders. In connection with our business
plan, management anticipates additional increases in operating expenses and capital expenditures relating to: (i) developmental
expenses associated with our business and (ii) marketing expenses. We intend to finance these expenses with further issuances of
equity securities and debt instruments. Thereafter, we expect we will need to raise additional capital and generate revenues to meet
long-term operating requirements. Additional issuances of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our
current stockholders. Further, such securities might have rights, preferences or privileges senior to our common stock. Additional
financing may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on
acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective new business endeavors or opportunities, which could
significantly and materially restrict our business operations. 

MATERIAL
COMMITMENTS 

As
of the date of this report, we do not have any material commitments. 

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current
or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

Our
consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements
requires us to make estimates and assumptions which affect the reported the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses
and related disclosures. Accounting policies are critical and necessary to account for the material estimates and assumptions on our
consolidated financial statements. For further information on all of our significant accounting policies, see the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements of this Annual Report. 

Revenue recognition 

In
accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , the Company recognizes revenues when goods or services
are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration which the Company expects to receive in exchange for those
goods or services. In determining when and how revenues are recognized from contracts with customers, the Company performs the following
five-step analysis: (i) identification of contract with customer (ii) determination of performance obligations (iii) measurement
of the transaction price (iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations, and (v) recognition of revenues
when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation. The Company derives revenues from the processing, distribution, and sale
of its products. 

28 

Credit losses 

On
January1, 2023, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update 2016-13 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326),
Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which replaces the incurred loss methodology with an expected loss methodology
that is referred to as the current expected credit loss CECL methodology. The adoption of the credit loss accounting
standard has no material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements as of January 1, 2023. 

The
Company s account receivables and other receivables in the balance sheet are within the scope of ASC Topic 326. As the Company
has limited customers and debtors, the Company uses the loss-rate method to evaluates the expected credit losses on an individual basis.
When establishing the loss rate, the Company makes the assessment on various factors, including historical experience, credit-worthiness
of customers and debtors, current economic conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions, and other
factors that may affect its ability to collect from the customers and debtors. The Company also provides specific provisions for allowance
when facts and circumstances indicate that the receivable is unlikely to be collected. 

Expected
credit losses are recorded as allowance for credit losses on the consolidated statements of operations. After all attempts to collect
a receivable have failed, the receivable is written off against the allowance. In the event the Company recovers amount that is previously
reserved for, the Company will reduce the specific allowance for credit losses. 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts
receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest and are due within contractual payment terms, generally 30 to
90 days from completion of service. Credit is extended based on an evaluation of a customer s financial condition, the customer s
credit-worthiness and payment history. Accounts receivable outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past
due. Past due balances over 90 days and over a specified amount are reviewed individually for collectability. Under the current expected
credit loss model, at the end of each period, the Company specifically evaluates each individual customer s financial condition,
credit history, and the current economic conditions to monitor the progress of the collection of accounts receivables. The Company considers
the allowance for doubtful accounts for any estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments.
For receivables that are past due or not being paid according to payment terms, appropriate actions are taken to collect the amounts
due, including seeking legal resolution in a court of law. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all reasonable
means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company does not have any off-balance-sheet
credit exposure related to its customers. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had no allowance for doubtful accounts. 

Income taxes 

Income
taxes are determined in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ). Under
this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the
financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. Any effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income
in the period that includes the enactment date. 

ASC
740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how companies should recognize, measure, present, and disclose in their financial statements
uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740, tax positions must initially be recognized in the
financial statements when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Such tax
positions must initially and subsequently be measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of
being realized upon ultimate settlement with the tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts. 

The
Company is subject to tax in local and foreign jurisdiction. As a result of its business activities, the Company files tax returns that
are subject to examination by the relevant tax authorities. 

29 

Related parties 

Parties,
which can be an entity or individual, are considered to be related if the Company has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control
the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operational decisions. Companies are also
considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence. 

Recent accounting pronouncements 

In
November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures ASU
2023-07 ). The amendments in ASU 2023-07 improve reportable segment disclosure requirements through enhanced disclosures about
significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker (CODM). In addition, the amendments enhance
interim disclosure requirements, clarify circumstances in which an entity can disclose multiple segment measures of profit or loss, provide
new segment disclosure requirements for entities with a single reportable segment, and contain other disclosure requirements. ASU 2023-07
will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2023-01 did not have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statement presentation or disclosures. 

In
December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ASU 2023-09 ),
which requires disclosures of incremental income tax information within the rate reconciliation and expanded disclosures of income taxes
paid, among other disclosure requirements. This ASU will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2024. 

The
Company s management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, authoritative guidance, if currently
adopted, will have a material impact on the Company s financial statement presentation or disclosures. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

See
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements which appears on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
are required to maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our president and chief executive officer (who is acting as our principal executive officer)
and chief financial officer (who is acting as our principal financial officer and principle accounting officer) to allow for timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

30 

Our
president and chief executive officer, who is also serving as our chief financial officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2024. Based on such evaluation, our president/chief
financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of June 30, 2024, for, among others, the
reasons set forth below. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting and for the assessment of the effectiveness
of those internal controls. As defined by the SEC, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by our principal executive
officer/principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of the financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024. In making this assessment, management
used the criteria based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its assessment and those criteria, we have concluded that our internal controls over
financial reporting were not effective as of June 30, 2024, due to the lack of personnel familiar with U. S. generally accepted accounting
principles, the lack of an oversight committee and the lack of a sufficient number of personnel to allow for the required segregation
of duties. Management will consider the need to add personnel and implement improved review procedures as we begin to generate positive
cash flow. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only Management s
report in this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting or in other factors identified in connection with the evaluation required
by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Inherent
Limitations of the Effectiveness of Controls 

Management
does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all
error and fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements
due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
Applicable. 

31 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS OF THE COMPANY 

The following table sets forth
the names and ages of all directors and executive officers as of the date of this report: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Shang-Chiai Kung 
 
 83 
 
 Director, Chairman, President Chief Executive Officer
 and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Tse-Ling Wang 
 
 47 
 
 Director and Secretary 
 
 Liu-Shiang Kung Hwang 
 
 81 
 
 Director 
 
 Hui Ming Pao 
 
 69 
 
 Director 
 
 Kevin Lee 
 
 54 
 
 Director 
 
 Amy
 Huang 

52 

Director 

Shang-Chiai
Kung, CEO, CFO, Chairman of the Board and a Board Director, 84 years old, is a resident of Taiwan. He received a degree from An-Ping
Junior High School. He was the Chairman of Kha Shing Enterprise Co., Ltd. (Taiwan) from 1988 to 2004. Since 2008 he has been Chairman
of Go Right Holdings Ltd. Since 2013 he has served as Chairman of Jiexing Argicultural Technology Co., Ltd. Mr. Kung became a director
of our Company, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer on July 9, 2020 and Chief Financial Officer on June 15, 2021. 

Tse-Ling
Wang , 55, has served in a number of senior management positions in the Internet and technology industries. Mr. Wang currently serves
as President of Chuang Sheng Information Co., Ltd, which he founded in 2020. Chuang Sheng Information Co. specializes in IoT application
services. He is also an Executive Director of Viermtech Inc., which has focused on electronic design and manufacturing since 2019. From
2017 to 2023 Mr. Wang served as CEO and President of Lien Shen Electronic Corp., a company which provides automotive electronic product
design and distribution services. Mr. Wang holds a Master of Business Administration degree from National Chengchi University. 

Liu-Shiang
Kung Hwang , 81, has served as the chairwoman of Jiexin Investment Co., Ltd. since June 2018. Ms. Hwang also serves as a director
of Jianyu Material Industry Co., Ltd., which she joined in September 2017, as a director of Kha Shing Enterprises Co., Ltd. which she
joined in 2019 and as a director of Horizon Yacht Co., Ltd. which she joined in 2017. Ms. Hwang is a graduate of Tainan Community University. 

Richard
(Hui Ming) Pao , 69, has more than 30 years of rich experience in technology industries, having served with industry leaders, including
Texas Instruments, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, and Lite-On Technology. After becoming expert in comprehensive talent
management, Mr. Pao established a management consulting company to assist enterprises in organizational diagnosis, business strategy
and management practice counseling, and all-round human resource management practices. During his tenure as the general manager of Fusheng
Group, through coaching management counseling, he assisted the company in a successful management succession at the time of a generational
ownership transition and helped establish a sustainable management structure. During his tenure as the chairman of Taipei Neihu Technology
Park Development Association, he actively promoted exchanges and interactions between the two science and technology parks and guided
the strategic approach of the science and technology parks. 

Kevin Chuen-Huei Lee , 54, is a Managing Director of Yunqing Investment Management Co. Ltd., which he
co-founded in 2016. He is also CEO of Huihongda Technology Co. Ltd, a technology consulting company he founded in September 2023.
Prior to founding Yunqing Investment Management Co. Ltd., Mr. Lee served in various positions in the financial and technology
industries. Mr. Lee brings extensive professional experience that spans various aspects of senior management, including finance,
operations, and strategic investment. Mr. Lee has more than 25 years of experience in the financial and technology industries. Mr.
Lee holds a Bachelor s degree from National Taiwan University and an MBA from Columbia University in New York. 

Amy
(Yin Zhen) Huang , 52, is a senior practitioner in the field of human resources and management consulting. During her tenure at LiteOn,
she was involved in the four-in-one integration process. Ms. Huang later formed a consulting company with other workplace leaders focusing
on coaching companies on business strategies and organizational development systems. Since its establishment, two of the companies coached
by Ms. Huang s teams have become listed companies. Ms. Huang and her team have accumulated rich consulting experience providing
more than ten years of corporate management consulting services premised on her belief in the spirit of lifelong learning and that there
is no best, only better. Ms. Huang has received master s degrees from Soochow University s School of International Business
and National Taiwan University s Graduate School of Economics and is currently pursuing a doctoral program at Taipei University
of Technology and to continue to improve her research capabilities. 

32 

Board
Composition; Committees 

We
only recently expanded our Board of Directors to include a number of individuals we believe qualify as independent directors. We
intend to establish various committees, adopt appropriate charters governing the responsibilities of each committee and appoint
directors to the committees in the foreseeable future. Until such time, the functions to be delegated to committees will be carried out by the Board of
Directors. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

We
did not pay any compensation to the individuals serving as our officers and directors during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

In
consideration of his or her agreement to serve as a director of the Company, Ms. Hwang, Mr. Wang and Kevin Li were each issued
150,000 shares of the Company s common stock and each of Ms. Huang and Mr. Pao received 50,000 shares of the Company s common
stock. Concurrent with its agreement to issue shares
of its common stock to each of the newly appointed directors, the Company agreed to issue 150,000 shares of
its common stock to Mr. Kung for his agreement to continue to serve as a director of our Company. 

Except
for the shares issued to our officers and directors as discussed in the prior paragraph, there is no agreement as to additional
compensation to be paid to our directors or officers for their service in such capacities. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information known to us with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock by (i) each person,
entity or group (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 
of the outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) each of our directors and executive officers, and (iii) all of our directors and executive
officers as a group. The percentage of class is based on 27,410,921 shares of common stock and 832,200 shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of October 18, 2024. 

33 

Officers/Directors 
 No.
 of Shares
 of Common Stock Owned 
 Percentage
 of Common Stock (1)
 (2) 
 No.
 of Shares
 of Series
 A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Percentage
 of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Percentage
 of Aggregate Voting Power
 (1)(2) 

Liu-Shiang Kung
 Hwang (3) 
 2,095,562 
 7.64 
 - 
 - 
 3.04 
 
 Hui-Ming Pao 
 50,000 
 0.18 
 - 
 - 

Chuen-Huei Lee 
 150,000 
 0.55 
 - 
 - 

Amy Huang 
 150,000 
 0.55 
 - 
 - 

Shang-Chiai Kung (3) 
 150,000 
 0.55 
 - 
 - 

Officers
 and Directors as a group (6 persons named above) 
 2,745,562 
 10.02 
 - 
 - 
 3.98 

5 and
 above stockholder 

Yu Cheng (2) 
 26,000 
 0.095 
 832,200 
 100 
 60.28 (2) 
 
 5 and
 above stockholder as Total 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 60.28 

Less than one percent. 
 
 (1) 
 The percentages above are
 based on 27,410,921 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of October 18, 2024. 
 
 (2) 
 The shares attributed to
 Ms. Cheng represent shares issuable upon conversion of 832,200 shares of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock held by Honetech
 Inc. Honetech ). Honetech s address is No. 196, Fushou St., Xinzhuang District,
 New Taipei City, Republic Of China. Ms. Cheng owns all of the outstanding equity of Honetech Inc. Each share of our Series A Convertible
 Preferred Stock held by Honetech is convertible into 10 shares of our common stock. The holders of our Series A Convertible Preferred
 Stock vote together with the holders of our common stock on all matters brought before our stockholders for a vote and are entitled
 to cast 50 votes for each share of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. Thus, assuming none of our Series A Convertible Preferred
 Stock is converted into common stock Honetech is entitled to cast an aggregate of 41,600,000 votes on all matters voted upon by our
 stockholders. Therefore, the holder of our Series A Preferred Stock can cast votes representing 60.28 of the aggregate voting
 power on all matters voted upon by our stockholders. 
 
 (3) 
 Each of Liu-Shiang Kung
 Hwang and her husband, Shang-Chiai Kung, may be deemed to beneficially own the shares attributed to the other in the table above. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTION 

In
support of the Company s efforts and cash requirements, it may rely on advances from related parties until such time that the Company
can support its operations or attains adequate financing through sales of its equity or traditional debt financing. There is no formal
written commitment for continued support by officers, directors, or shareholders. Amounts represent advances or amounts paid in satisfaction
of liabilities. The advances are considered temporary in nature and have not been formalized by a promissory note. 

At the time of the sale of Weiguan Ship to Mr. Yun-Kuang
Kung, the son of our Chairman, Weiguan Ship was indebted to the Company in the amount of 2.365 million representing amounts loaned to Weiguan
Ship to support its operations during the period it was our subsidiary. Prior to the sale of Weiguan Ship this amount was eliminated in
preparing consolidated financial statements. The amount due from Weiguan, 2,365,420 aas of June 30, 2024, is non-interest bearing and payable on demand. 

During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company purchased
yachts from Weiguan Ship for an aggregate purchase price of 913,728, of which 903,728 was included in accounts payable as
of the year end and in respect of which there remained prepayments by the Company of 250,462 as of June 30, 2024. 

During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company
sold yachts in the aggregate amount of 1,508,036 to Jiiazhou Yacht Company, an entity owned by Yun-Kuang Kun. Of this amount, 1,226,980 is included in accounts receivable as of year end. 

On June 16, 2023, the Company loaned 313,743 to Yun-Kuang
Kung. The amount is non-interest bearing and is payable on May 31, 2026. As collateral security for the amount due, Yun-Kuang Kung has
agreed to grant the Company a lien on a yacht with a value of approximately 400,000. During the year ended June 30, 2024, Yun-Kuang Kung repaid the Company of approximately 15,000. 

As of June 30, 2024, Vivic HK owed 106,317 to Yun-Kuang
Kung for amounts loaned to Vivic HK. After offsetting amounts payable due Yun-Kuang Kung, the Company s outstanding amount receivable from Yun-Kuang
Kung was 186,948 as of June 30, 2024. 

As of June 30, the Company was indebted to Shang-Chiaih
Kung and Liu-Shiang Kung Hwang in the amounts of 2,815 and 183,838, respectively, for loans to the Company. These amounts are non-interest
bearing, unsecured and payable on demand. 

Imputed
interest on amounts due to related parties is not significant. 

Apart
from the transactions and balances detailed elsewhere in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company has no other
significant or material related party transactions during the periods presented. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Our
current independent registered public accounting firm is YCM CPA INC. We engaged YCM CPA INC. on March 23, 2022. The following table
shows their fees for audit and other services in relation to our June 30, 2024 and 2023 fiscal years: 

For the fiscal years ended 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Audit service: 
 40,128 
 25,000 
 
 Audited related services: 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax service: 
 - 
 - 
 
 Others: 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total: 
 40,128 
 25,000 

34 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report. 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 as filed with the SEC on July 5, 2017). 
 
 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed April 8, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on April 16, 2024). 
 
 3.3 
 Certificate of Designation filed April 9, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on April 16, 2024). 
 
 3.4 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed November 18, 2019. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on April 16, 2024) 
 
 3.5 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed January 16, 2020. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on April 16, 2024) 
 
 3.6 
 Certificate of Correction filed January 17, 2020. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company s Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on April 16, 2024) 
 
 3.7 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock filed December 9, 2020. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to the Company s Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on April 16, 2024) 
 
 3.8 
 Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 as filed with the SEC on July 5, 2017). 
 
 4.1 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on April 16, 2024) 
 
 10.1 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated July 12, 2023, between Vivic Corporation (Hong Kong) Co. Limited and Yun-Kuang Kung (incorporated by reference to report on Form 8-K dated July 12, 2023). 
 
 10.2 
 Debt Conversion Agreement dated May 26, 2023, between the Company and Yun-Kuang Kung (incorporated by reference to report on Form 8-K dated May 26, 2023) 
 
 14.1 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on April 16, 2024) 
 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on April 16, 2024) 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or Rule 15d-14 of Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of 15d-14 of Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350). 
 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished Herewith 

101.INS
Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document 

101.LAB
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104
Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

35 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Vivic
 Corp 

(Registrant) 

Date:
 October 23, 2024 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Shang-Chiai Kung 

Shang-Chiai
 Kung 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board, Director Principal Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Shang-Chiai Kung 
 
 President
 and Chief Executive, 
 
 October
23, 2024 
 
 Shang-Chiai
 Kung 

/s/
 Tse-Ling Wang 
 
 Director 
 
 October
23, 2024 
 
 Tse-Ling
 Wang 

/s/
 Liu-Shiang Kung Hwang 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 23, 2024 

/s/
 Hui Ming Pao 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 23, 2024 
 
 Hui
 Ming Pao 

/s/
 Kevin Lee 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 23, 2024 
 
 Kevin
 Lee 

/s/
 Amy Huang 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 23, 2024 

36 

VIVIC CORP. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of VIVIC CORP. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of VIVIC CORP. and subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as
of June 30, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders 
equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). 

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As
discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had an accumulated deficit as of June 30, 2024, and
negative cash flows from operations. The Company does not have sustained and stable income, and there is also significant
uncertainty in the income for the next 12 months. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 3. These consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statement. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or are
required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

Evaluation
of the Identification of Related Parties and Related Party Transactions 

Description
of the Matter 

As
disclosed in Notes 16 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company engages in transactions with related parties, which are integral
to its operations. These transactions include prepayments of goods and working capital injections. We identified the evaluation of the
identification of related parties and related-party transactions as a critical audit matter due to the complexity and the inherent risk
of omission or incomplete disclosure of related parties and their transactions. The potential for these transactions to not be conducted
on arm s length terms, along with the extensive nature of transactions. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

In
order to address the matter above, our audit procedures included, among others, 

(1) Gaining
 and understanding of the Company s process for identifying related parties and related-party
 transactions, reviewing the Company s policies and procedures for identifying and disclosing
 such relationships and transactions, as well as the controls in place to ensure completeness
 and accuracy. 

(2) Conducting
 inquiries with management and those charged with governance to identify all related parties
 and understand the nature of transactions with these parties. We also obtained confirmations
 from identified related parties to corroborate the information provided by management. 

(3) For
 significant related-party transactions identified during the audit, we reviewed the underlying
 contracts and agreements to assess whether the terms and conditions were consistent with
 those of arm s length transactions. 

(4) Conducting
 targeted searches for potential undisclosed related-party relationship using the names of
 the entities, key management personnel, significant shareholders and known related parties. 

(5) Reviewing
 the financial statement disclosures related to related parties and related-party transactions
 to ensure they were complete and in accordance with the relevant financial reporting framework. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

PCAOB
ID 

October
22, 2024 

F- 2 

VIVIC
CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 2024 
 June 30, 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Note receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Deposit and prepayments 

Deposit and prepayments - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Deposit and prepayments 
 
 - 
 
 Other receivables 

Inventory 

Due from related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Other receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Total current assets 

Non-current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Total non-current assets 

Assets from discontinued operations 
 - 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Deferred revenue 

Tax payable 

Due to related parties 

Total current liabilities 

Non-Current liabilities 

SBA loan payable 

Long-term loan 

Total non-current liabilities 

Liabilities from discontinued operations 
 - 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

VIVIC
CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

2024 
 2023 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Revenue 
 
 - 
 
 Revenue related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Total revenue 
 
 - 

Cost of sales 
 
 - 

Gross profit 
 
 - 

Operating expenses 

Selling expenses 
 
 - 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Other income (expenses) 

Interest expense, net 

Other income (expenses),
 net 

Total other expenses, net 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax provision 
 
 - 

Net income (loss) from continuing operations 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) for the period 

Other comprehensive income 

Foreign currency translation gain 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Weighted average common stock outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

Net income (loss) from per share of common stock Basic 

Net income (loss) from per share of common stock Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

VIVIC
CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024 AND 2023 

No. of 
 shares 
 Amount 
 No. of 
 shares 
 Amount 
 paid-in 
 capital 
 income 
 (loss) 
 Accumulated loss 
 Noncontrolling 
 interests 
 equity 
 (deficit) 

Preferred stock 
 Common stock 
 Additional 
 Accumulated 
 other 
 comprehensive 

Total 
 stockholders 

No. of 
 shares 
 Amount 
 No. of 
 shares 
 Amount 
 paid-in 
 capital 
 income 
 (loss) 
 Accumulated loss 
 Noncontrolling 
 interests 
 equity 
 (deficit) 

Balance as of June 30, 2022 

Shares issued for loan settlement 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Acquisition of minority equity of a subsidiary 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss for the period 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

- 

Balance 

- 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Disposal of subsidiaries 

Net income for the period 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income (loss) for the
 period 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

- 

Balance 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

VIVIC
CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2024 
 2023 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income (loss) from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) from continuing operations to net cash (used
in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expenses 

- 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Note receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Deposit and prepayments 

Deposit and prepayments - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Deposit and prepayments 
 
 - 
 
 Other receivables 

Inventory 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Deferred revenue 

Tax payables 

Net cash (used in) provided by continuing operations 

Net cash used in discontinued operations 
 - 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of fixed assets 
 - 
 - 

Net cash used in continuing operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in discontinued operations 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 - 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from related parties 

Repayment to related parties 

Proceeds from loans 
 - 

Net cash (used in) provided by continuing operations 

Net cash provided by discontinued operations 
 - 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD 

CASH CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF THE PERIOD 

ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 - 

Cash and cash equivalents included in assets classified as held for sale 
 - 

Total of cash and cash
 equivalents 
 - 

Supplemental Cash Flows Information: 

Continuing operations: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income tax 
 
 - 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Flows Information: 

Common stock issued for loan settlement 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

VIVIC
CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and the agreement of Mr. Kung to indemnify the Company and its affiliates and hold them harmless from, against and in
respect of any and all claims arising out of or related to the business of Weiguan Ship whether arising before or after the date of the
Stock Purchase Agreement, whether currently known or unknown, including, without limitation any claims for taxes. 

Description
of subsidiaries as of June 30, 2024 is as follows: 

ordinary shares for HK 

Vivic Corp. Taiwan Branch 

Registered: TWD , Paid up: TWD 

VIVC
and its subsidiaries are hereinafter referred to as (the Company ). 

On October 9, 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted a resolution
changing the fiscal year end of the Company to June 30, effective June 30, 2024. Management believes the change will cause the Company s
annual financial statements to more accurately reflect the Company s performance and facilitate the timely preparation of its periodic
reports required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

allowance for doubtful accounts. 

and respectively. 

years 
 
 Motor vehicle 
 years 
 
 Office equipment 
 years 

Expenditures
for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. When assets have been retired or sold, the cost and related accumulated depreciation
are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the results of operations. 

years. 

The
Company follows ASC Topic 350 in accounting for intangible assets, which requires impairment losses to be recorded when indicators of
impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by the assets are less than the assets carrying
amounts. During the year s ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, there were intangible asset impairments to be recorded. 

Period/annual average RMB:US exchange rate 
 - 

Period/year-end HK :US exchange rate 

Period/annual average HK :US exchange rate 

Period/year-end TWD:US exchange rate 

Period/annual average TWD:US exchange rate 

- 
 
 B 
 
 - 
 
 C 
 
 - 

(b)
 Major vendors 

Percentage of Purchase 

Years Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 A 
 
 - 
 
 B 
 
 - 

The
Company s principal financial instruments subject to potential concentration of credit risk are cash and cash equivalents, including
amounts held in money market accounts. The Company places cash deposits with a federally insured financial institution. The Company maintains
its cash at banks and financial institutions it considers to be of high credit quality; however, the Company s domestic cash deposits
may at times exceed the insured limit. Balances in excess of insured limitations may not be insured. The Company has not experienced
losses on these accounts, and management believes that the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

VAT
is applicable to general industries, and the VAT rate is . Under the VAT system, each seller collects output VAT from the buyer at
the time of sale, deducts input VAT paid on purchases from output VAT, and remits the balance to the tax authority. 

of
cash and cash equivalents and working capital of approximately million
as of June 30, 2024, which included accounts receivable from a related party -Weiguan Ship of million, accounts receivable
from a related party - Jiazhou Yacht of million, and amounts due from related parties of million,
and the Company generated net income of million
(including million gain on disposal of Weiguan ship) during the year ended June 30, 2024. However, the Company had an
accumulated deficit of approximately million
as of June 30, 2024 and negative cash flow from operating activities of . The Company does not have sustained and stable income, and there is also significant uncertainty in regarding its income for
the next 12 months. 

The
continuation of the Company as a going concern through the one-year period from the date on which this report is filed is dependent
upon continued financial support from its related parties or loans or investments by third parties ,
increas ing its sales and the diversity
of its customer base . The Company is actively pursuing additional financing for its operations via potential loans and equity
issuances. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in securing sufficient funds to sustain its
operations. 

Management
has determined that the above conditions indicate that it may be probable that the Company would not be able to meet its obligations
within one year after the date that this report is issued. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements contained in this report do not include any adjustments
to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may result if the Company
is unable to continue as a going concern. To date the Company has financed its operations primarily through equity investments and loans
made by related parties and their affiliates in additional to loans from commercial banks and third parties. The Company may also seek
funding through public or private financings, collaborative arrangements, and other possible means of financing. 

In
addition, the Company will seek to expand the yacht brands the Company can offer for sale, the territories in which the Company markets
its yachts and, if appropriate based on the Company s capabilities and what the Company can offer, seek to become the exclusive
distributor for yacht manufacturers in Taiwan and other territories. The Company will also seek to enter other areas related to the marine
industry where the Company believes it can be profitable. 

and the agreement
of Mr. Kung to indemnify the Company and its affiliates and hold them harmless from, against and in respect of any and all claims arising
out of or related to the business of Weiguan Ship whether arising before or after the date of the Stock Purchase Agreement, whether currently
known or unknown, including, without limitation any claims for taxes. Management of the Company elected to dispose of Weiguan Ship due
to its history of losses and anticipated losses, and the Company s potential liability for the amount of the subscribed capital
contributions in Weiguan Ship. The Company recorded ,869,563 gain on disposal of the subsidiary, which was the difference between the
selling price of and the carrying value of the net assets deficit of . 

The
following table provides a reconciliation of the assets and liabilities held for sale presented in the consolidated balance sheet as
of June 30, 2023 to the carrying value of the assets and liabilities of the disposed group at the closing date of disposal. There were
no material transactions for the disposed group for the period from July 1, 2023 through July 12, 2023, and for the purpose of complying
with the Company s monthly accounting cut-off date, the Company used June 30, 2023 as the date of disposal. 

Deposit and prepayments 

Inventory 

Other receivables 

Due from related parties 

Property and equipment, net 

Construction in process 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

TOTAL ASSETS HELD FOR SALE AND AT CLOSING DATE 

LIABILITIES 

Trade payables 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Receipt in advance 

Due to related parties 

Income tax payable 

Operating lease liabilities-current 

Operating lease liabilities-noncurrent 

TOTAL LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE 

Add back: Weiguan Ship s due to Vivic US 

Add back: accumulated other comprehensive income 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AT CLOSING DATE 

Net assets deficit 

Sales price 

Gain on disposal 

The
operations of Weiguan Ship and its subsidiaries are accounted for as discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements for all periods presented. The following table presents the components of discontinued operations reported in the consolidated
statements of operations: 

2024 
 2023 

For the years ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue, Net 
 - 

Cost of Sales 
 - 

Gross Profit 
 - 

Operating Expenses 

Selling Expenses 

General and Administrative Expenses 

Loss From Operations 
 - 

Other Income 

Interest expense 
 - 

Other Income 

Total Other Income 
 - 

Loss Before Income Taxes 
 - 

Income Tax Expense 
 - 
 - 

Net Loss from Discontinued operations 
 - 

Total inventory 

Less: inventory impairment 
 - 

Inventory, net 

As of June 30, 2023, total inventory of discontinued operations was . 

Prepaid service fee 

Total deposit and prepayments 

As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company has deposit and prepayments from its related parties of and nil . 

As
of June 30, 2023, total deposit and prepayments of discontinued operations was (Note 4). 

Prepayments
mainly consisted of prepaid expenses to vendors. The prepaid service fee consisted of prepaid OTC listing fee and annual filling fee. 

and 0 , respectively.
The Company cashed the notes in full in July 2024. 

Subtotal 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

As
of June 30, 2023, the net total property and equipment from discontinued operations was (Note 4). 

Depreciation
expenses from continuing operation for the year s ended June 30, 2024, and 2023 were and , respectively. 

Depreciation
expenses from discontinued operation for the year s ended June 30, 2024, and 2023 were and , respectively. 

Total intangible assets 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

As
of June 30, 2023, the net total i ntangible assets
from discontinued operations was (Note 4). 

Amortization
expense for the years ended June 30, 2024, and 2023 were and , respectively. 

Accrued salaries 

Accrued consulting fee 

Other payables 

Total accrued liabilities and other payable 

As
of June 30, 2023, total accrued liabilities and other
payable of discontinued operations was (Note 4). 

On
August 22, 2023, the Company was charged by the Securities and Exchange Commission with violating Rule 12b-25 by filing a Form 12b-25
 Notification of Late Filing with respect to its Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, without including
sufficient detail under the circumstances presented as to why the Form 10-Q could not be timely filed. More specifically, the SEC alleged
that the delay was the result of an anticipated restatement of financial statements. Further, the Company failed to acknowledge in the
Form 12b-25 anticipated significant changes in its results of operations for the first quarter of 2022 as compared to the first quarter
of 2021 and to provide an explanation of the changes. Without admitting or denying the findings of the SEC, the Company agreed to a cease-and-desist
order that found that the Company filed one deficient Form NT and one untimely Form 8-K. In addition, the Company agreed to pay a fine
of . 

The
Company recorded the fine in September 2021. During the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company made a payment of 
and to an escrow account, which fund was subsequently released to the SEC. 

Accrued
liabilities and other payables are the expenses that will be settled in next twelve months. 

from
this individual for a term of one year, with annual interest of , the interest is to be paid monthly. Vivic Taiwan was required to
pay the interest for the first and second months on the 15 th of the month in which the Company received the loan proceeds.
During the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and paid interest expenses of and , respectively. The
loan is collateralized by shares of the Company s common stock owned by the son of the Company s CEO (Mr. Yun-Kuang
Kung). The fair value of shares was on March 13, 2023. On March 13, 2024,
the Company and the lender agreed to extend the term of this loan for an additional year. 

On
May 18, 2023, Vivic Taiwan entered a loan agreement with Taiwan Hua Nan Bank. Vivic Taiwan borrowed TWD from the
bank for a term of one year, with an annual interest rate of approximately , the interest is to be paid monthly. During the years ended
June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and paid interest expense of and . The loan is collateralized by a piece of land
and real property. In addition, the loan is guaranteed by Yun-Kuang Kung (son of Shang-Chiai Kung CEO of Vivic Corp) and Kung Hwang Liu
Shiang (spouse of Shang-Chiai Kung CEO of Vivic Corp). 

Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL loan from the Small Business Administration SBA ). This is a low-interest federal disaster loan for working capital to small businesses and non-profit organizations
of any size suffering substantial economic injury as a result of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) epidemic, to help businesses to meet financial
obligations and operating expenses that could have been met had the disaster not occurred. This loan has an annual interest rate of 
and is not forgivable. The maturity of the loan is 30 years, installment payments including principal and interest of monthly will
begin 30 months from the loan disbursement date. Due to the fact that the loan repayment was deferred for 30 months, the payments are
going 100 toward interest since the interest started to accrue from the original disbursement date. For the years ended June 30, 2024
and 2023, the Company made payments of interest of and on the EIDL loan, respectively. 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total 

. The Company s policy is to
recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its income tax provision. However, the Company did not
recognize any accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits during the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Taiwan 

The
Company s Taiwan branch operating in Taiwan is subject to the Taiwan Profits Tax at the income tax rate of on the assessable
income arising in Taiwan during its tax year. The operation in Taiwan incurred an operating loss and the provision for income tax for
the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 was and . 

Hong
Kong 

The
Company s subsidiary operating in Hong Kong is subject to the Hong Kong Profits Tax at the tax rates ranging from 
to 
on the assessable income arising in Hong Kong during its tax year. The operation in Hong Kong incurred an operating loss and there is
no provision for income tax for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

The
People s Republic of China 

The
Company s subsidiary operating in The People s Republic of China PRC) is subject to the PRC Income Tax at the unified
rate of on the assessable income arising in PRC during its tax year. The Company did not have any PRC subsidiaries as of June 30,
2024 after the disposal of Weiguan Ship in July 2023. 

Statutory income tax rate 

Tax rate difference 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 
 
 - 

- Taiwan 
 - 

- Hong Kong 

- PRC 
 - 

Total 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 
 - 
 - 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company s continuing operations had of net operating losses which can be carried forward to offset
future taxable income. The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets of based on the
expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss from the Company s continuing operations carry forwards as the management
believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the future. 

shares of preferred stock and shares of common stock each with a par value of 
per share. 

Preferred
Stock 

As
of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had 
shares of its Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding , with a par value of per
share, each Series A preferred s hare can be converted into shares of the Company s common stock. shares of common stock for every one share of Series A preferred stock. 

Common
Stock 

On
May 26, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to settle a debt due to Yun-Kuang Kung in the amount of ,
at a conversion price of per share. 

As
of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had shares of its common stock issued and outstanding. 

Net income (loss) for basic and diluted attributable to Vivic Corp discontinued operations 

Weighted average common stock outstanding Basic 

Dilutive impact of preferred stock 
 
 - 
 
 Weighted average common stock outstanding Diluted 

Net income (loss) per share of common stock basic, continuing operations 

Net income (loss) per share of common stock diluted, continuing operations 

Net income (loss) per share of common stock basic, discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) per share of common stock diluted, discontinued operations 

,
and Jiazhou Yatch Company Limited of , respectively, 
 for ships
 sold to them. 

During the year ended June 30, 2024,
the Company sold yachts in the aggregate amount of to Jiiazhou Yacht Company, an entity owned by Yun-Kuang Kun. Of this amount,
 is included in accounts receivable as of June 30, 2024. 

c. Deposit
and prepayment - related party 

As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company has deposit and prepayments to Weiguan of and nil . 

d.
Accounts payable - related party 

During
the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company purchased yachts from Weiguan Ship for an aggregate purchase price of , of which 
 was included in accounts payable as of the year end. 

e.
Due from related parties 

- 
 
 Yun-Kuang Kung 2) 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 - 

As
of June 30, 2023, the due from related parties from discontinued operations was (Note 4). 

As of June 30, 2024, the due from related parties consisted of the following: 

1) 
 
 as of June 30, 2024. Because Weiguan Ship was owned by the Company as of June 30, 2023, any amount due was eliminated at
 consolidation. 

2) 

On
June 16, 2023, the Company loaned 
million to Yun-Kuang Kung. The amount is
non-interest bearing and is payable on May 31, 2026. As collateral security for the amount due, Yun-Kuang Kung has agreed to grant
the Company a lien on a yacht with a book value of approximately . During the year ended June 30, 2024, Yun-Kuang Kung repaid the Company approximately . 

As
of June 30, 2024, Vivic HK owed 
million to Yun-Kuang Kung for amounts loaned
to Vivic HK. After netting-off the amount of due-to and due-from Yun-Kuang Kung, the Company s outstanding amount receivable from
Yun-Kuang Kung was and 0 as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

f.
Due to related parties 

Shang-Chiai Kung 

Yun-Kuang Kung 
 - 

Total 

As
of June 30, 2023, the due to related parties from discontinued operations was (Note 4). 

In
support of the Company s efforts and cash requirements, it may rely on advances from related parties until such time that the Company
can support its operations or attains adequate financing through sales of its equity or traditional debt financing. There is no formal
written commitment for continued support by officers, directors, or stockholders. Amounts represent advances or amounts paid in satisfaction
of liabilities. The advances are considered temporary in nature and have not been formalized by a promissory note. 

Due
to related parties represented temporary advances to the Company by the stockholders or senior management of the Company, which were
unsecured, interest-free and had no fixed terms of repayments. Imputed interests from related parties loan are not significant. 

Apart
from the transactions and balances detailed elsewhere in these accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company has no other
significant or material related party transactions during the periods presented. 

material commitments and contingencies. 

shares of the Company s common stock in consideration of his or her agreement to serve as a director
of the Company, and each of Ms. Huang and Mr. Pao will receive shares of the Company s common stock in consideration of
his or her agreement to serve as a director of the Company. 

F- 21 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
Of The Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Shang-Chiai Kung, certify that: 

1.
 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vivic Corp.; 

2.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.
 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.
 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.
 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d.
 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.
 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b.
 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

6.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have indicated in this report whether or not there were significant changes
 in internal controls or on other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to the date of our most recent
 evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

Dated:
 October 23, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Shang-Chiai Kung 

Shang-Chiai
 Kung 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
Of The Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Shang-Chiai Kung, certify that: 

1.
 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vivic Corp.; 

2.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.
 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.
 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.
 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d.
 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.
 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b.
 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

6.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have indicated in this report whether or not there were significant changes
 in internal controls or on other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to the date of our most recent
 evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

Dated:
 October 23, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Shang-Chiai Kung 

Shang-Chiai
 Kung 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Vivic Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2024, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Shang-Chiai Kung, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated:
 October 23, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Shang-Chiai Kung 

Shang-Chiai
 Kung 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Vivic Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2024, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Shang-Chiai Kung, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated:
 October 23, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Shang-Chiai Kung 

Shang-Chiai
 Kung 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 vivc-20240630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 vivc-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 vivc-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 vivc-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

