<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241009_10-K_edgar_data_1978111_0001683168-24-007024.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2018517</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>75143</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>622610</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>354370</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>418922</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>506323</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-007024.hdr.sgml : 20241009
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241009154941
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-007024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241009
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241009

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Naploy Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001978111
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HEALTH SERVICES [8000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-274889
		FILM NUMBER:		241362724

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		95 LIAS ESTATE KAFE
		CITY:			DISTRICT ABUJA, FCT
		STATE:			Q5
		ZIP:			900108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		13072133163

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		95 LIAS ESTATE KAFE
		CITY:			DISTRICT ABUJA, FCT
		STATE:			Q5
		ZIP:			900108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-007024.txt : 20241009

10-K
 1
 naploy_i10k-073124.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

NAPLOY CORP. 10-K 

Table
of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the fiscal year ended
 , 2024 

Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Registration No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

8000 
 
 State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 
 IRS Employer 
 
 Primary Standard Industrial 
 
 Incorporation or Organization 
 
 Identification Number 
 
 Classification Code Number 

, 

Telephone: +1 

Email: naploy.corp@tutanota.com 

 (Address and telephone number of principal executive
offices) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

None 
 
 (Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

State the number of shares outstanding of each
of the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: common shares issued and outstanding as of October
9, 2024. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 7 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 7 
 
 Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity. 
 7 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 7 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 7 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 7 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 8 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 
 8 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 8 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 10 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 11 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 12 
 
 Item 9A (T). 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 12 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 13 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 14 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 16 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 16 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 17 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 17 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits. 
 18 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10 K Summary. 
 18 

Signatures 
 19 

i 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

GENERAL 

Naploy Corp. was incorporated in the State of
Wyoming and established on April 6, 2023. The Company has no revenue and has incurred losses since inception. Our primary focus is on
launching a news blog that provides the latest updates on health-related topics, including but not limited to medical breakthroughs, healthy
lifestyle tips, and updates on healthcare policies. We have developed a full business plan. 

Currently, we have no employees, only our officers
and Directors - Mr. Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold and Mr. Rafael Angel Ulloa Bonilla. Our executive and business office is located
at 95 Lias Estate Kafe district Abuja, FCT 900108 Nigeria, and our telephone number is +13072133163. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact
on the healthcare industry and has led to changes in the way healthcare services are delivered, including through mobile applications
that offer online information help services for finding medical institutions. Here are some ways the pandemic has affected these types
of apps: 

Increased demand: The pandemic has increased the
demand for healthcare services, and many people have turned to mobile apps to find information about medical institutions and services. 

Safety concerns: Many people are hesitant to visit
medical institutions in person due to safety concerns, and mobile apps that offer information about medical institutions and their safety
protocols can help alleviate these concerns. 

Our Naploy App is your go-to source for the latest
health news and updates. Naploy App offers an article library- News Blog that deals with the most common health topics. Our health blog
covers diverse health related concerns such as nutrition and diet, fitness, weight control, diseases, disease management, societal trends
affecting health, analysis about health, business of health and health research. The app is available for both Android and iOS mobile
operating systems and provides you with quick access to a vast healthcare and medical database. With the " Naploy App," you
can stay informed about the latest health news anytime, anywhere. We are dedicated to bringing you high-quality health information and
keeping you up-to-date on the latest developments in the world of healthcare. 

One of our main App features is Symptom Diagnostic.
Symptom Diagnostic is an advanced tool that uses high-grade AI technology to provide diagnoses. Currently, our AI technology is already
working, but during the lifetime of the APP it should be refined and improved. To begin, you will have to enter your age and gender, after
which you can select or type in your symptoms, intensity and duration. This step is then followed up by some more questions to determine
which symptom is bothering you the most and if you are on meds and/or have had any conditions in the past. Thereafter, it will give you
a list of possible conditions (about 5, starting with the most likely) which you can then click on and find more details about the disease. 

Symptom Diagnostics are an innovative addition
to digital health. This tool does not provide medical advice It is intended for informational purposes only. Nevertheless, these services
should not be considered as definite diagnostic tools but rather as a guide to point the user towards possible conditions relating to
their symptoms. Consulting an actual physician will help you have a more accurate diagnosis and subsequent treatment. 

1 

For Naploy App and Symptom Diagnostic feature
do not require regulatory approval in the United States, Nigeria or elsewhere because they provide information rather than direct medical
advice. For the health app, despite providing useful functionalities, users are strongly encouraged to seek professional medical advice,
especially when experiencing severe symptoms. The app s features are intended for informational purposes only and must not replace the
guidance of a medical professional in cases of severe symptoms or critical health concerns. 

Our Naploy App includes a convenient
Clinic Search feature that allows clients to contact us and send a request for searching the clinics and proper medical services that
suit their needs for a fee. Through this feature, clients can request information about the type of treatment they need, as well as leave
their phone number and email. Our team will then contact the client to clarify all the necessary details about their diagnosis and treatment
needs. Our expert managers will then provide information about the best medical institutions for the client, including details about the
location, clinic licenses, doctors, we will monitor all the reviews and feedbacks and check all the doctors for their professional qualifications.
Our clients can expect top-notch customer service, as our managers will communicate with them through phone, email, and messengers according
to their preferences. We are dedicated to providing the professional services in searching the best medical institutions, making for the
right medical care for our clients. We will make this process much easier and comfortable for clients from our professional website. 

In addition, we also offer paid contextual advertising
services for medical institutions on our Naploy app s news blog: 

Banner ads 

 Our banner advertising will consist of static
or animated images or media and would be placed in high-visibility areas. Banner advertising is attractive because it can help create
medical institutions awareness and generate leads. 

Pop up 

 Another effective form of our advertising services.
Unlike banner ads, the pop-up will appear in the center of the screen, drawing the attention of customers. 

By utilizing our advertising services, medical
institutions can increase their online presence and reach a wider audience. Our goal is to provide a comprehensive platform for both health
news and healthcare advertising, and we believe that this additional feature will be a valuable asset for both our users and medical institutions. 

We are offering our services to the clients in
Nigeria and then we are going to spread our services in other African countries. 

We have purchased the mobile application and website
for iOS and Android platforms for total consideration of US 45,000. 

Here are some of the technologies that we intend
successfully to implement in our mobile application: 

 - Improvement of the AI technology 

 - Map View 

 - Reviews 

 - Booking Services 

 - Notifications 

 - Marketing Opportunities 

 - Body map symptom checker 

 - Personal health tracker 

 - Medicine reminder 

 - Language translation 

2 

Our Naploy App is regularly updated
with articles written by healthcare professionals and industry experts, ensuring that our clients have access to high-quality and reliable
health information. The content provided on our app is primarily sourced from reputable open channels, ensuring credibility and accuracy.
In addition to open sources, we curate content from trusted platforms such as https://medicalxpress.com/. All news stories are hand-processed
and curated by qualified editors on https://medicalxpress.com/, obviating the problems of feed or bot aggregation. This ensures that high-quality,
targeted sci-tech news stories are published on website. It s pertinent to highlight that we do not engage in content licensing agreements
as we are utilizing the information from reliable open sources and ensure that our users receive high-quality, updated, and relevant health
information through the Naploy app. We believe that our app will not only keep our clients informed but also empower them to take control
of their health and make informed decisions about their wellbeing. All our features make our mobile application a comprehensive resource
for clients seeking reliable and relevant health information. We intend continuously make improvements, maintenances and expand of our
application as well as develop complementary products and services for our consumers. In addition, within two-three years after the success
of the Nigerian market, we intend to popularize the application to other African countries, starting with neighboring Benin, Chad, Cameroon
and Niger. Furthermore, potential target countries for expansion could encompass regions such as Kenya, South Africa, and Ethiopia. The
company intends to evaluate the market readiness and demand within these countries and strategically expand its services to cater to these
regions, ensuring the compatibility of the online health platform with the local healthcare landscapes and technological infrastructure. 

OUR MOBILE APPLICATION AND THE PROCESS 

Currently, we have a mobile application for Android
and iOS platforms known as Naploy App . Links for the application: 

 https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=naploy.app hl=uk gl=US 

 https://apps.apple.com/us/app/naploy/id6451121811. 

Our application is completely operational and
ready for use, enabling customers to access and acquire our company s services. However, we plan to further develop and expand the application s
functionality by integrating new and beneficial features and systems that will enhance the experience for our potential customers. 

The Naploy app was officially launched on the
Apple Store and Play Store on July 24, 2023. To date, we have more than 10 active users. We don t have any clients for advertising yet. 

The main functionality features and opportunities
of currently application with the app and website content are: 

News Blog: 

After entering the app, the person can access our News blog, which covers diverse health-related concerns such as nutrition and diet, fitness, weight control, diseases, disease management, societal trends affecting health, analysis about health, business of health, and health research. Now this feature is already implemented in our app and the website, with the content provided from reputable open channels, ensuring credibility and accuracy. In addition to open sources, we curate content from trusted platforms such as https://medicalxpress.com/. 

Symptom Diagnostic: 

The person can use our advanced Symptom Diagnostic tool, which uses high-grade AI technology to provide diagnoses. 

They have to enter their age and gender, select or type in their symptoms, intensity and duration, and answer some follow-up questions about their medical history and current condition. 

Based on the information provided, Symptom Diagnostic will give them a list of possible conditions (about 5, starting with the most likely), which they can click on to find more details about the disease. 

3 

This feature is fully functional in our app and
the website but users are strongly encouraged to seek professional medical advice, especially when experiencing severe symptoms. The app s
features are intended for informational purposes only and must not replace the guidance of a medical professional in cases of severe symptoms
or critical health concerns. 

Clinic Search: 

Contact us: The client sends a request to our team through the Clinic Search feature on our "Naploy App" stating the type of treatment they need and leaves their name, phone number, email and location. 

Clarification: Our team contacts the client to clarify all the necessary details about their diagnosis and treatment needs. 

Search: Our expert managers search for the best medical institutions that suit the client s needs, including details about the location, clinic licenses, doctors, and ratings of medical institutions for a fee. 

Quality Check: We monitor all the reviews and feedback and check all the doctors for their professional qualifications to ensure that we only recommend the best medical institutions. 

Communication: Our managers communicate with clients through phone, email, and messengers according to their preferences to provide top-notch customer service. 

Recommendations: Our managers provide information about the top 5 medical institutions that suit the client s needs and preferences. 

Follow-up: We follow up with clients to ensure that they are satisfied with the recommended medical institution and if any further assistance is needed. 

Convenience: We ensure that the whole process is comfortable and easy for clients through our professional website and mobile application. 

To date our directors interact with our potential
customers, but we don t have any clients for our clinic search services yet. We are going to hire freelance managers once we have our
first client and establish our initial client base. We intend to engage with these managers by formalizing freelance agreements. 

Here are some of the technologies that we intend
successfully to implement in our mobile application (during 1-18 months): 

Improvement of the implemented AI technology: The app will provide Implemented AI technology that is in the process of being fully implemented, revision and will undergo continuous refinement and improvement to ensure the highest level of performance. 

Map View: The app will provide a map view that enables clients to view medical institutions on a map and get directions to the chosen location. 

Reviews: The app will provide a review section where clients can read reviews of medical institutions left by other users and leave their own reviews. 

Booking Services: The app will provide booking services, allowing clients to book appointments with medical professionals or reserve hospital rooms. 

Notifications: The app will send notifications to clients regarding new medical institutions added to the database or promotions and deals available at certain institutions. 

Marketing Opportunities: The app will offer marketing opportunities for medical institutions, including sponsored listings and targeted advertising. 

Body map symptom checker: This functionality allows users to select the specific area of their body where they are experiencing symptoms and then select the symptoms, they are experiencing from a list of options associated with that area. 

Personal health tracker: This feature can help users track their personal health by allowing them to input their health data such as blood pressure, blood sugar, and weight, and keep track of their progress over time. Users can set health goals, receive notifications, and view progress reports. 

Medicine reminder: The app can also feature a medicine reminder that helps users keep track of their medication schedules. Users can set reminders for when to take their medications and the app will send notifications accordingly. 

Language translation: The app can also integrate a language translation feature that allows users to translate medical terms, instructions, and prescriptions into their preferred language. 

4 

REVENUE 

Advertising : The app can feature advertisements
from medical institutions, pharmaceutical companies, or other related businesses. The fee for in-app ads can vary based on the size and
placement of the ad. 

We offer such paid contextual advertising services: 

Banner ads 

 Our banner advertising will consist of static
or animated images or media and would be placed in high-visibility areas. Banner advertising is attractive because it can help create
medical institutions awareness and generate leads. 

Pop up 

 Another effective form of our advertising services.
Unlike banner ads, the pop-up will appear in the center of the screen, drawing the attention of customers. 

Clinic Search: Clients will be charged
a fee for using our Clinic Search feature to find the best medical institutions that suit their needs. The fee will vary depending on
the complexity of the search and the level of support required from our team. 

In future the additional source of revenue could
be through other services: 

Subscription Model: We will offer
a subscription model for clients who need ongoing support from our team in finding medical institutions for their specific needs. The
subscription fee will provide access to our team s expertise and support. 

Referral fees : The app can earn referral
fees from medical institutions for each new patient that the app directs to them. This could include fees for booking appointments or
fees for any services provided by the medical institution. The prices for referral fees can vary depending on the type of service provided
and the level of commission offered. 

As of the current date, Naploy Corp. does not
have any material contracts or letters of intent with medical institutions for referral arrangements. The revenue model relies on potential
future collaborations with medical institutions, and we will ensure that any such agreements comply with regulatory requirements. 

It s important to note that, at present, there
are no regulatory implications to address as we have not yet engaged in formal agreements with medical institutions for referral fees.
Any future collaborations will be approached with careful consideration of regulatory compliance to ensure transparency and adherence
to applicable standards. 

Data analytics : The app can collect and
analyze user data to provide insights to healthcare providers and researchers. This could include anonymized data on user demographics,
medical conditions, and treatment outcomes. The app can charge fees to healthcare providers and researchers for access to this data. The
prices for data analytics can vary depending on the level of access and the type of data provided. 

Prices for Services: 
 
 Advertising: 0.50- 1.00 per click or monthly
advertising 150- 1,000. 

 Clinic Search: Starting at 50- 500 per search,
prices will vary based on the complexity of the search and level of support required. 

Prices for Services in future: 
 
 Subscription Model: Starting from 70 per month,
prices will vary based on the level of support required. 

 Referral fees: 5 -15 of the total cost of service. 

 Data analytics: 200- 2,000 per report, depending
on the level of detail and analysis provided. 

5 

The Prices for Services and Prices
for Services in the future are based on estimated ranges derived from market research, industry benchmarks, and an assessment of
the value provided by our services. These figures are not static and may be subject to change based on various factors, including market
conditions, service enhancements, and feedback from clients. 

COMPETITION 

The health app market is highly competitive, with
many established players and new entrants vying for a share of the market. Some of the major competitors in the field of health apps include
Zocdoc, Healthgrades, and WebMD. 

In addition to these major players, there are
many other health apps on the market that offer a variety of features. As the demand for health-related apps continues to grow, the competition
in this space is likely to remain fierce. 

Through our marketing strategy and continuous
development of new features, we believe that our mobile app can succeed in the health market. 

MARKETING 

Marketing and sales strategy are crucial components
for the success of any business, including mobile applications. In order to ensure the success of our online health platform, we plan
to implement a multi-faceted marketing and sales strategy. 

Digital Marketing: 

 We will use various digital marketing techniques
to reach our target audience, including search engine optimization (SEO), pay-per-click (PPC) advertising, social media marketing, and
email marketing. We will use relevant keywords and phrases to optimize our app s visibility on search engines and social media platforms.
We will also use targeted email marketing campaigns to promote our app to potential users. 

Content Marketing: 

 We will develop a content marketing strategy that
focuses on creating valuable and informative content related to healthcare, medical institutions, and related topics. This content will
be published on our website and social media platforms, and shared with relevant online communities and groups. 

Influencer Marketing: 

 We will work with healthcare influencers and bloggers
to promote our app and reach a wider audience. We will collaborate with influencers to develop content related to our app and its features
and encourage them to share their experiences with our app with their followers. 

Partnering with Medical Institutions: 

 We will partner in future with medical institutions
such as hospitals, clinics, and healthcare centers to promote our app to their patients. 

To invite new clients via word-of-mouth
referrals. 

To place outdoor display advertisements
in public transportation terminals and residential complexes in selected cities. 

We are going to spend some part of proceeds on
the development of our website and mobile application and extension of functionality in order to attract more potential customers and
to make our services more desirable. 

EMPLOYEES 

We are a development stage company and currently
have no employees, other than our officers, Mr. Arnold and Mr. Ulloa Bonilla. 

6 

OFFICES 

Our corporate headquarters is located at 95 Lias
Estate Kafe district Abuja, FCT 900108 Nigeria and our phone number is +13072133163. Further, this space has been provided by our executives
Mr. Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold and Mr. Rafael Angel Ulloa Bonilla free of cost. We consider our current principal office space arrangement
adequate and will reassess our needs based upon the future growth of the company. Further, this space has been provided by our executives
Mr. Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold and Mr. Rafael Angel Ulloa Bonilla for free. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Not applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

Item
1C. Cybersecurity. 

None 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

We do not own any real estate or other properties. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

We are not involved in any pending legal proceeding
nor are we aware of any pending or threatened litigation against us. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

7 

PART II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

As of July 31, 2024, no shares of our common stock
are traded. 

Number of Holders 

As of July 31, 2024, the 3,734,620 issued and
outstanding shares of common stock were held by a total of 50 shareholder of record. 

Dividends 

No cash dividends were paid on our shares of common
stock during the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchase of our Equity Securities by Officers
and Directors 

None. 

Other Stockholder Matters 

None. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 

Not applicable for smaller reporting companies . 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

We are a development stage corporation with limited
operations and no revenues from our business operations. Our auditors have issued a going concern opinion. This means that our auditors
believe there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months. We do not anticipate that
we will generate significant revenues until we have raised the funds necessary to conduct a marketing program. There is no assurance we
will ever generate revenue even if we raised all necessary funds. 

To meet our need for cash we are attempting to
raise money from this offering. We believe that we will be able to raise enough money through this offering to expand operations but we
cannot guarantee that once we expand operations we will stay in business after doing so. If we are unable to successfully find customers
we may quickly use up the proceeds from this offering and will need to find alternative sources. In case we need additional financing,
our Mr. Ulloa Bonilla agreed to loan us funds to implement our business plan. 

8 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

We have not generated any revenue since inception
on April 6, 2023 to July 31, 2024. 

Total expenses for the years ended July 31, 2024
and 2023, were 20,301 and 6,380, respectively, which were comprised of amortization expense 9,000 - July 31, 2024 and 375 - July
31, 2023); general and administrative fees of the Company 273 July 31, 2024 and 105 - July 31, 2023); and professional fees 11,028 - July 31, 2024 and 5,900 - July 31, 2023). 

The Company recorded a net loss of 20,301 and
 6,380 for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

As of July 31, 2024, our total assets were 67,970.
Total assets were comprised of 32,345 in current assets and 35,625 in intangible assets. 

As of July 31, 2024, our current liabilities were
 59,759 and Stockholders equity was 8,211. 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

For the year ended July 31, 2024, net cash flows
used in operating activities was (17,001). 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

For the year ended July
31, 2024, we have generated (20,000) in investing activities. 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

For the year ended July 31, 2024, net cash flows
provided by financing activities was 32,345. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant
Judgments and Estimates 

Use of Estimates 

 The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date the financial statements
and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

 The Company considers all highly liquid investments
with the original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that
have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

9 

Limited Operating History and Need for Additional
Capital 

Our company was incorporated on April 6, 2023;
we have not yet realized any revenues. We have no operating history upon which an evaluation of our future prospects can be made. Based
upon current plans, we expect to incur operating losses in future periods as we incur significant expenses associated with the initial
start-up of our business. Further, we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in realizing revenues or in achieving or sustaining
positive cash flow at any time in the future. Any such failure could result in the possible closure of our business or force us to seek
additional capital through loans or additional sales of our equity securities to continue business operations, which would dilute the
value of our shares. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

10 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA . 

INDEX TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NAPLOY CORP. 

JULY 31, 2024 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (ID: 6993) 
 
 F-1 

Balance Sheet as of July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-4 

Statements of Operations for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-5 

Statements of Stockholder s Equity for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-6 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-7 

Notes to the Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

11 

Report of the Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

 To the shareholders and the board of directors
of 

 Naploy Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Naploy Corp as of July 31, 2024, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the
year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2024, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for the year ended July 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern as disclosed in Note 2 to the financial statement, the Company have accumulated
deficit of (26,681) and a negative working capital of (27,414) as of July 31, 2024. These factors raise substantial doubt about the
Company ability to continue as a going concern, the continuation of the Company as a going concern through December 31, 2023, is dependent
upon improving the profitability and the continuing financial support from its stockholders and lenders. Management believes the existing
shareholders or external fund providers will provide additional cash to meet the Company s obligations as they become due. 

These financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of the uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 1 

Critical Audit Matters 

 Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. Communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements
taken as a whole and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter
or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Going Concern Uncertainty See also
Going Concern Uncertainty explanatory paragraph above 

As described further in Note 2 to the financial
statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and does not have an established source of revenues sufficient to
cover its operating costs. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on executing its business plan and ultimately
to attain profitable operations. Accordingly, the Company has determined that these factors raise substantial doubt as to the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of these financial statements. 

Management anticipates that the Company will be
dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund operating expenses. The Company intends to position itself so
that it will be able to raise additional funds through the capital markets. 

However, the Company has not concluded that these
plans alleviate the substantial doubt related to its ability to continue as a going concern. 

We determined the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern is a critical audit matter due to the estimation and uncertainty regarding the Company s available capital and
the risk of bias in management s judgments and assumptions in their determination. Our audit procedures related to the Company s
assertion on its ability to continue as a going concern included the following, among others: 

We performed testing procedures such as analytical procedures to identify conditions and events that indicate that there could be substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 

We reviewed and evaluated management s plans for dealing with adverse effects of these conditions and events. 

We inquired of Company management and reviewed company records to assess whether there are additional factors that contribute to the uncertainties disclosed. 

We assessed whether the Company s determination that there is substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern was adequately disclosed. 

/s/ 

 Boladale Lawal CO (PCAOB ID 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2024 

October 1, 2024 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To: The Board of Directors and Stockholders
of Naploy Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
balance sheet of Naploy Corp. (the Company) as of July 31, 2023, and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity,
and cash flows for the period ended July 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2023,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period ended July 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the
Company has suffered a loss from operations of US 6,380 and has a net capital deficiency of US 6,180 that raises substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements
based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The Critical Audit Matter is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ MAINOR AUDIT JA PARTNERID O 

 We have served as the Company s
auditor since 2023. 

MAINOR AUDIT JA PARTNERID O . 

 Kadaka pst 85a, Tallinn, Harju maakond 10922 PCAOB
ID Number 2333 

/s/ MAINOR AUDIT JA PARTNERID O . 

Tallinn, Estonia September 28, 2023 

F- 3 

NAPLOY CORP. 

 BALANCE SHEET 

As of July 31, 2024 (Audited) 
 From April 6, 2023 (Inception) to July 31, 2023 (Audited) 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash 

Total Current Assets 

Intangible Assets, Net 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY/(DEFICIT) 

Accounts Payable Related Party 

Accounts Payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively 

Additional Paid in Capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

NAPLOY CORP. 

 STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

Year ended 
 July 31, 2024 
 From April 6, 2023 (Inception) to July 31, 2023 

REVENUES 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Depreciation Expense 

General and Administrative Expenses 

Professional Fees 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

NET INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

NET LOSS PER SHARE: BASIC AND DILUTED 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING: BASIC AND DILUTED 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

NAPLOY CORP. 

 STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 

 Year ended July 31, 2024 and Period from April
6, 2023 (Inception) to July 31, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, July 31, 2023 

Shares issued for cash 

Net loss for the year ended July 31, 2024 

Balance, July 31, 2024 

Inception, April 6, 2023 

Shares issued for cash 

Net loss for the year ended July 31, 2023 

Balance, July 31, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

NAPLOY CORP. 

 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended 
 July 31, 2024 
 From April 6, 2023 (Inception) to July 31, 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income (loss) 

Amortization Expense 

Accounts Payable 

CASH FLOWS USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Mobile Application and Website Acquisition 

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Accounts Payable - Related Party Loans 

Proceeds from Sale of Common Stock 

CASH FLOWS PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net increase in cash and equivalents 

Cash and equivalents at beginning of the period 

Cash and equivalents at end of the period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Non-cash investing and financing activity: 

Mobile Application and Website Acquisition 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 7 

NAPLOY CORP. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 YEAR ENDED JULY 31, 2024 AND PERIOD SINCE INCEPTION
ON APRIL 6, 2023 TO JULY 31, 2023 

at July 31, 2024, a net loss of for the year ended July 31, 2024. These factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company is attempting
to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue; however, the Company s cash position may not be sufficient to support the
Company s daily operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a private or public offering. While the Company
believes in the viability of its strategy to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional
funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s
ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability to raise additional funds by way of a public
or private offering. 

The financial statements do not include any adjustments
related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might
be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

The Company has elected to adopt application of
Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements.
Upon adoption, the Company no longer presents or discloses inception-to-date information and other remaining disclosure requirements of
Topic 915. 

, which is being amortized over a five-year life. The accumulated amortization was
 and as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

for the Company s working capital purposes. The amount is outstanding and payable upon request. 

shares of common stock for
cash proceeds of at 0.02 per share. 

In April 2024 the Company issued shares of common stock for
cash proceeds of at 0.02 per share. 

In May 2024 the Company issued shares of common stock for cash
proceeds of at 0.02 per share. 

In June 2024 the Company issued shares of common stock for
cash proceeds of at 0.02 per share. 

In July 2024 the Company issued shares of common stock for
cash proceeds of at 0.02 per share. 

As of July 31, 2024, the Company had shares issued and outstanding. 

The reconciliation of income tax benefit (expenses) at the U.S. statutory
rate at 21 for the period ended as follows: 

Change in valuation allowance 

Tax benefit (expenses) net 

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant
portions of the net deferred tax assets are as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 

The Company has accumulated approximately 
of net operating losses NOL carried forward to offset future taxable income up to 20 years, if any, in future years which
begin to expire in year 2040. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than
not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent
upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers
the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment.
Based on the assessment, management has established a full valuation allowance against all of the deferred tax asset relating to NOLs
for every period because it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

F- 12 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

On May 10, 2024, BFBorgers CPA
PC resigned as the independent accounting firm of Naploy Corp. (the Company and On May 13, 2024, the Audit
Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Boladale Lawal Co. as its new independent registered
public accounting firm to audit and review the Company s financial statements. 

There
was no disagreement on accounting treatment and disclosures. 

ITEM 9A(T). CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
over Financial Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). The Company s internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and
with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer at the time, the Company conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2024, using the criteria
established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission COSO in 2013. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2024, the Company determined that there were control deficiencies
that constituted material weaknesses, as described below. 

1. The Company does not have an adequate internal control structure or adequate
oversight over financial reporting The Company has only one member of management whom is also the Company s sole director,
therefore the Company lacks adequate segregation of duties. Further, the Company currently has no Audit Committee. While not being legally
obligated to have an audit committee, it is management s view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is an
utmost important entity level control over the Company s financial statement. Currently the Board of Directors acts in the capacity
of the Audit Committee, and does not include a member that is considered to be independent of management to provide the necessary oversight
over management s activities. Lastly, due to the minimal operations and small size of the Company we have not employed individuals
that have the necessary accounting knowledge and expertise to ensure accurate financial reporting under US GAAP. 

2. The Company lacks appropriate information technology controls As
of July 31, 2024, the Company retains copies of all financial data and material agreements; however, there is no formal procedure or evidence
of normal backup of the Company s data or off-site storage of data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due to unmitigated
factors. 

Accordingly, the Company concluded that these
control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company s internal controls. 

As a result of the material weaknesses described
above, management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2024,
based on criteria established in Internal Control- Integrated Framework issued by COSO in 2013. 

13 

System of Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that
is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management,
including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

On July 31, 2024, under the supervision and with
the participation of our management at the time, an evaluation was conducted of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of July 31, 2024. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting during the annual period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

During
the year ended July 31, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1
trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of
Regulation S-K. 

14 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTER AND CONTROL PERSONS 

Our executive officers and directors, their names, age, and positions
as of the date of this prospectus are as follows: 

Name and Address 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold 
 
 38 
 
 President, 
 
 95 Lias Estate Kafe district Abuja, 

Chief Financial Officer, 
 
 FCT 900108 

Chief Executive Officer, 
 
 Nigeria 

Director 

Name and Address 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Rafael Angel Ulloa Bonilla 
 
 74 
 
 Director 
 
 95 Lias Estate Kafe district Abuja, 

FCT 900108 

Nigeria 

Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold and Rafael Angel
Ulloa Bonilla have been holding the above stated positions since the inception of the Company and the appointment on May 22, 2023, respectively.
They are expected to hold them until the next annual meeting of our stockholders. Thereby, Mr. Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold and Mr.
Rafael Angel Ulloa Bonilla are currently the Officers/Directors and control persons of Naploy Corp. 

BACKGROUND INFORMATION ABOUT OUR OFFICERS AND
DIRECTORS 

Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold, Age 38 

Mr. Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold has served
as the Company s President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and a Director since its incorporation on April 6, 2023. 

Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold, age 37, is entrepreneur
and investor. He has been self-employed for the past 5 years, managing several successful businesses in various industries, including
technology sector. He is known for his innovative thinking, strategic planning, and exceptional leadership skills. Mr. Arnold has experience
of supervising startup projects, participating in business planning courses, and demonstrating a strong commitment to excellence. From
2016 to 2017, Mr. Arnold supervised at the startup company Konlinora Ltd. His approach involved not only imparting knowledge in the field
of business management, but also identifying and engaging trainers to further enhance the skill set of aspiring specialists. Mr. Arnold
oversaw day-to-day operations, ensuring smooth functioning and coordination within the startup. He also monitored and evaluated the effectiveness
of training programs, making adjustments as necessary for optimal results. Also, Mr. Arnold has been involved in business of Suprify Ltd.,
a startup technological company, from 2019 to 2023. He was a freelance employee and did not work on a daily basis, but he significantly
improved the company s performance as a freelance manager and organizer of trainings for employees. He coordinated staff training and
acted as a speaker at trainings for improving the technological aspects of effective task distribution in the team. His entrepreneurial
journey reflects a deep understanding of business dynamics, having effectively navigated the intricacies of launching and growing new
ventures. With his drive and determination, he has propelled the businesses to great success, and he is now ready to bring his expertise
to the Company as its President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director. 

15 

Rafael Angel Ulloa
Bonilla, Age 74 

Mr. Rafael Angel Ulloa
Bonilla has served as the Company s Director since his appointment on May 22, 2023. 

Rafael Angel Ulloa Bonilla, age 73, has a degree
in accounting and finance, attended pre-medical school and has medical degree, showcasing a unique blend of financial acumen and medical
insight. He has been working in administrative department of Consultorio del Dr. Edwin Chan hospital for ten years until the 2000s and
played a crucial role in coordinating day-to-day activities, optimizing workflow, and ensuring efficiency. For the past 5 years has worked
independently, engaging in traditional medical advice and providing his services in his private office called "Acupuncture 
herbal medicine cabinet". Committed to holistic well-being, he has attended various medical trainings to enhance his knowledge and
offer valuable insights to those seeking alternative healthcare solutions. In addition, he was a part of a group collecting the information
for a book on various treatments, from traditional to modern medicine. His reputation is built on his wide experience, ability to think
creatively, devise strategic plans, and exhibit outstanding leadership qualities. Through his unwavering dedication and perseverance,
he has steered these enterprises towards remarkable achievements. Now, he aims to utilize his extensive expertise as the Director of the
Company. 

There are no any parent,
subsidiary or other affiliates of the Company especially in which any of the directors could have previous occupation. 

All the prior track records
of the directors experience is not indicative of future success and investors should not rely on previous performance. 

To our knowledge, during the last ten years, none
of our directors and executive officers has: 

Had
a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the
time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time. 

Been
convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses. 

Been
subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently
or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. 

Been
found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated
a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Been
the subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reverse, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization,
any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members
or persons associated with a member. 

BOARD AND COMMITTEE MATTERS 

The Company does not have a standing nominating
committee, compensation committee or audit committee. Instead, the entire Board of Directors shares the responsibility of identifying
potential director-nominees to serve on the Board of Directors and performing the functions of an audit committee. The Board believes
the engagement of directors in these functions is important at this time in the Company s development in light of the Company s
recent activities. 

16 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

MANAGEMENT COMPENSATION 

Since inception, we have not paid any compensation
to our officers or directors. The tables below summarize all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our executive officers by
any person for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the year ended July 31, 2024 and the period from our incorporation on
April 6, 2023 to July 31, 2023. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 
 
 Bonus ) 
 
 Stock Awards
 ) 
 
 Option Awards ) 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 
 All Other Compensation ) 

Total ) 
 
 Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold, 
 
 2024 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

-0- 
 
 President, CEO, CFO 
 
 2023 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

-0- 

Rafael Angel Ulloa Bonilla, Director 
 
 2024 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

-0- 

2023 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 
 
 -0- 

-0- 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth certain
information relating to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of July 31, 2024, by: 

each person, or group of
affiliated persons, known by us to beneficially own more than five percent of the outstanding shares of our common stock; 

each of our directors; 

each of our named executive
officers; and 

all directors and executive
officers as a group. 

Title of Class 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold 
 95 Lias Estate Kafe district Abuja, FCT 900108 Nigeria 
 2,000,000 shares of common stock 
 53.55 

A beneficial owner of a security includes any
person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting
power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose
or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons
share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by
a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of
which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is
deemed to include the number of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As
a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual
ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding on July 31, 2024. As of July
31, 2024, there were 3,734,620 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. 

17 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

As of April 7, 2023, we have issued 2,000,000
shares of company common stock valued at 0.0001 per share to Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold in the capacity of Director of the Company
in consideration of 200 to pay company expenses and keep on top of the business development. 

As of July 31, 2024, the Company had a loan outstanding
with a related party: Mr. Rafael Angel Ulloa Bonilla, our Director, who has given us a loan in the amount of 59,759. The loan is non-interest
bearing, due upon demand and unsecured. No principal of this loan has been repaid yet. Loan agreement is filled as an Exhibit 10.1 to
this Registration Statement. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Wyoming. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The following is a summary of the fees billed
to us by our independent auditors (Boladale Lawal Co) and our former independent auditors (Mainor Audit Ja Partnerid O and
BFBorgers CPA PC) for professional services rendered related to the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023: 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Audit Fees 
 7,500 
 4,500 
 
 Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 7,500 
 4,500 

Audit Fees. Consists of fees billed for
professional services rendered for the audit of our financial statements and review of the interim financial statements included in quarterly
reports and services in connection with registration statement filings and statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-Related Fees. Consists of fees billed
for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and
are not reported under Audit Fees. 

Tax Fees. Consists of fees billed for professional
services for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

All Other Fees. Consists of fees for products
and services other than the services reported above. 

18 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are included as part of this report by reference: 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certifications pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

As permitted, the registrant has elected not to
supply a summary of information required by Form 10-K. 

19 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933,
the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NAPLOY CORP. 

Dated: October 9, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold 

Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold 
 President, Secretary, 

Treasurer, Principal Executive Officer, 

Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer and Director 

Dated: October 9, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Rafael Angel Ulloa Bonilla 

Name: 
 Rafael Angel Ulloa Bonilla 

Title: 
 Director 

20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 naploy_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of the Company s Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

 and Securities and Exchange Commission Release
34-46427 

I, Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Naploy Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods present in this annual report; 

4. 
 As the registrant s sole certifying officer, I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 As the registrant s sole certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 9, 2024 

NAPLOY CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold 

Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold 
 President, Secretary, 

Treasurer, Principal Executive Officer, 

Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 naploy_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer
and Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to 

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the
Annual Report of Naploy Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended July 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold, certify pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and
belief: 

1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 9, 2024 

NAPLOY CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold 

Name: 
 Title: 
 
 Frederick Sidney Reinhard Arnold 
 President, Secretary, 

Treasurer, Principal Executive Officer, 

Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer and Director 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 none-20240731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 none-20240731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 none-20240731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 none-20240731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

