<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241220_10-K_edgar_data_1967097_0001967097-24-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>464757</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>50272</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>92890</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>167973</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>89679</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>54903</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001967097-24-000011.hdr.sgml : 20241220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241220162101
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001967097-24-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
<DEPOSITOR-CIK>0000731802
<SPONSOR-CIK>0000731802
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241220
ABS ASSET CLASS:             	Debt Securities

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001967097
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	Office of Structured Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				921021026
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-270078-01
		FILM NUMBER:		241568260

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1800 THREE LINCOLN CENTRE
		STREET 2:		5430 LBJ FREEWAY
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9729349227

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1800 THREE LINCOLN CENTRE
		STREET 2:		5430 LBJ FREEWAY
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001967097-24-000011.txt : 20241220

10-K
 1
 aek-20240930.htm
 10-K

aek-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2024 . 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________ to __________. 
 Commission file number of issuing entity 
 Central Index Key Number of issuing entity 
 
 (Exact name of issuing entity as specified in its charter) 
 Commission File Number of depositor and sponsor: 
 Central Index Key Number of depositor and sponsor: 
 
 (Exact name of depositor and sponsor as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth 
 company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No x 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Not applicable 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 
 Auditor Firm ID: Auditor Name: Auditor Location: 
 
 1 

PART I. 
 
 ITEM 1. Business. 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 1C. Cybersecurity. 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 2. Properties. 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 PART II. 
 
 ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 9B. Other Information. 
 Not applicable. 
 2 

ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III. 
 
 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC (the Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Atmos Energy Corporation Atmos Energy ). At least one manager of the Company must be an independent manager. The following are the executive officers and managers of the Company as of the date of this report: 
 Name Age Business Experience in Past Five Years John K. Akers 61 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Manager of the Company. He has served as Atmos Energy s President and Chief Executive Officer since October 2019. He served as Executive Vice President of Atmos Energy from November 2018 through September 2019. Christopher T. Forsythe 53 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Manager of the Company. He has served as Atmos Energy s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since February 2017. Karen E. Hartsfield 54 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company. She has served as Atmos Energy s Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since August 2017. Orlando C. Figueroa 65 Independent Manager of the Company. He has served as President of Citadel SPV since 2023 and Senior Managing Director and Co-Founder of Citadel SPV since 2014. 
 Code of Conduct and Corporate Governance 
 Atmos Energy has adopted a code of ethics which is represented by Atmos Energy s Code of Conduct and applies to all of Atmos Energy s subsidiaries. Atmos Energy s Code of Conduct is posted on the Atmos Energy website at www.atmosenergy.com/company/corporate-responsibility-reports , and copies of this document are available upon request. 
 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Other than the annual independent manager fee of 3,000, the Company does not pay any compensation to its executive officers or managers. 
 Information on executive compensation with respect to Atmos Energy is set forth in the Definitive Proxy Statement for Atmos Energy s Annual Meeting of Shareholders on February 5, 2025 and is incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 None. 

ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Orlando C. Figueroa is the independent manager of the Company and is the Senior Managing Director of Citadel SPV. 
 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction J of Form 10-K. 
 Substitute Information Provided in Accordance with General Instruction J(2) of Form 10-K: 
 3 

ITEM 1112(b). Significant Obligors of Pool Assets (Financial Information). 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 1114(b)(2). Credit enhancement and other support, except for certain derivatives instruments (Financial Information). 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 1115(b). Certain Derivative Instruments (Financial Information). 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 1117. Legal Proceedings. 
 There are no legal or governmental proceedings pending against the Company, the sponsor, seller, trustee, or servicer, or of which any property of the foregoing is subject, that is material to the securitized utility tariff bondholders. 
 U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, has provided the following information: 
 U.S. Bank National Association U.S. Bank and other large financial institutions have been sued in their capacity as trustee or successor trustee for certain residential mortgage backed securities ("RMBS") trusts. The complaints, primarily filed by investors or investor groups against U.S. Bank and similar institutions, allege the trustees caused losses to investors as a result of alleged failures by the sponsors, mortgage loan sellers and servicers to comply with the governing agreements for these RMBS trusts. Plaintiffs generally assert causes of action based upon the trustees purported failures to enforce repurchase obligations of mortgage loan sellers for alleged breaches of representations and warranties, notify security holders of purported events of default allegedly caused by breaches of servicing standards by mortgage loan servicers and abide by a heightened standard of care following alleged events of default. 
 U.S. Bank denies liability and believes that it has performed its obligations under the RMBS trusts in good faith, that its actions were not the cause of losses to investors, that it has meritorious defenses, and it has contested and intends to continue contesting the plaintiffs claims vigorously. However, U.S. Bank cannot assure you as to the outcome of any of the litigation, or the possible impact of these litigations on the trustee or the RMBS trusts. 
 On March 9, 2018, a law firm purporting to represent fifteen Delaware statutory trusts (the DSTs that issued securities backed by student loans (the Student Loans filed a lawsuit in the Delaware Court of Chancery against U.S. Bank in its capacities as indenture trustee and successor special servicer, and three other institutions in their respective transaction capacities, with respect to the DSTs and the Student Loans. This lawsuit is captioned The National Collegiate Student Loan Master Trust I, et al. v. U.S. Bank National Association, et al. , C.A. No. 2018-0167-JRS (Del. Ch.) (the NCMSLT Action ). The complaint, as amended on June 15, 2018, alleged that the DSTs have been harmed as a result of purported misconduct or omissions by the defendants concerning administration of the trusts and special servicing of the Student Loans. Since the filing of the NCMSLT Action, certain Student Loan borrowers have made assertions against U.S. Bank concerning special servicing that appear to be based on certain allegations made on behalf of the DSTs in the NCMSLT Action. 
 U.S. Bank has filed a motion seeking dismissal of the operative complaint in its entirety with prejudice pursuant to Chancery Court Rules 12(b)(1) and 12(b)(6) or, in the alternative, a stay of the case while other prior filed disputes involving the DSTs and the Student Loans are litigated. On November 7, 2018, the Court ruled that the case should be stayed in its entirety pending resolution of the first-filed cases. On January 21, 2020, the Court entered an order consolidating for pretrial purposes the NCMSLT Action and three other lawsuits pending in the Delaware Court of Chancery concerning the DSTs and the Student Loans, which remains pending. 
 U.S. Bank denies liability in the NCMSLT Action and believes it has performed its obligations as indenture trustee and special servicer in good faith and in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the agreements governing the DSTs and that it has meritorious defenses. It has contested and intends to continue contesting the plaintiffs claims vigorously. 
 4 

ITEM 1119. Affiliations and Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 
 The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Atmos Energy. Each of the sponsor, the servicer and the depositor may maintain other banking relationships in the ordinary course with U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, the trustee. 
 
 ITEM 1122. Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria. 
 The Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria for Asset-Backed Securities and the related attestation report for Atmos Energy are included as Exhibits 33.1 and 34.1, respectively, to this Form 10-K identified no material instances of noncompliance by Atmos Energy with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB. 
 The Report on Assessment of Compliance with Servicing Criteria for Asset-Backed Securities and the related attestation report for U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association are included as Exhibits 33.2 and 34.2, respectively, to this Form 10-K identified no material instances of noncompliance by U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB. 
 
 ITEM 1123. Servicer Compliance Statement. 
 The servicer compliance statement is attached as Exhibit 35.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 PART IV. 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 a) The following is a list of documents filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 (1) Not applicable 
 (2) Not applicable 
 (3) See exhibits below. 
 Exhibit Number Description Page Number or Incorporation by Reference to 3.1 Certificate of Formation of Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC Exhibit 3.1 to Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC s Form SF-1 dated February 28, 2023 (File No. 333-270078-01) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC, dated as of May 26, 2023 Exhibit 3.3 to Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC s Form SF-1/A dated May 30, 2023 (File No. 333-270078-01) 
 4.1 Indenture by and among Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Securities Intermediary (including the form of the Bonds and the Series Supplement), dated as of June 20, 2023 Exhibit 4.1 to Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC s Form 8-K dated June 20, 2023 (File No. 333-270078-01) 
 4.2 Series Supplement by and among Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Securities Intermediary, dated as of June 20, 2023 Exhibit 4.2 to Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC s Form 8-K dated June 20, 2023 (File No. 333-270078-01) 
 10.1 Securitized Utility Tariff Property Servicing Agreement between Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC and Atmos Energy Corporation, as Servicer, dated as of June 20, 2023 Exhibit 10.1 to Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC s Form 8-K dated June 20, 2023 (File No. 333-270078-01) 
 
 5 

10.2 Securitized Utility Tariff Property Purchase and Sale Agreement between Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC and Atmos Energy Corporation, as Seller, dated as of June 20, 2023 Exhibit 10.2 to Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC s Form 8-K dated June 20, 2023 (File No. 333-270078-01) 
 10.3 Administration Agreement between Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC and Atmos Energy Corporation, as Administrator, dated as of June 20, 2023 Exhibit 10.3 to Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC s Form 8-K dated June 20, 2023 (File No. 333-270078-01) 
 31.1 Certification of Senior Officer in Charge of the Servicing Function of the Servicer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(d)/15d-14(d) 
 33.1 Report on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed issuers for Atmos Energy Corporation, as Servicer 
 33.2 Report on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed issuers for U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee 
 34.1 Attestation report on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities of Ernst Young LLP on behalf of Atmos Energy Corporation, as Servicer 
 34.2 Attestation report on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities of Ernst Young LLP on behalf of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee 
 35.1 Servicer compliance statement of Atmos Energy Corporation, as Servicer 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Supplemental information to be furnished with reports filed pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act by Registrants which have not registered Securities pursuant to Section 12 of the Act. 
 No annual report, proxy statement, form of proxy or other proxy soliciting material has been sent to noteholders, and the registrant will not be sending an annual report or proxy material to its noteholders subsequent to the filing of this form. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 6 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: December 20, 2024 
 Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC (Issuing Entity) By: Atmos Energy Corporation, as Servicer /s/ Christopher T. Forsythe Christopher T. Forsythe Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Senior Officer in Charge of the Servicing Function) 
 7 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 aek20240930ex-311xcertific.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 RULE 13a-14(d) 15d-14(d) CERTIFICATION 
 I, Christopher T. Forsythe, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K and all reports on Form 10-D required to be filed in respect of the period covered by this report on Form 10-K of Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC (the Exchange Act periodic reports 
 2. Based on my knowledge, the Exchange Act periodic reports, taken as a whole, do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, all of the distribution, servicing and other information required to be provided under Form 10-D for the period covered by this report is included in the Exchange Act periodic reports 
 4. I am responsible for reviewing the activities performed by Atmos Energy Corporation, as Servicer, and based on my knowledge and the compliance review conducted in preparing the servicer compliance statement required in this report under Item 1123 of Regulation AB, and except as disclosed in the Exchange Act periodic report, the Servicer has fulfilled its obligations under the Securitized Utility Tariff Property Servicing Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2023, between Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC, as Issuer, and the Servicer, in all material respects and 
 5. All of the reports on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities and their related attestation reports on assessment of compliance with servicing criteria for asset-backed securities required to be included in this report in accordance with Item 1122 of Regulation AB and Exchange Act Rules 13a-18 and 15d-18 have been included as an exhibit to this report, except as otherwise disclosed in this report. Any material instances of noncompliance described in such reports have been disclosed in the Exchange Act periodic reports. 
 
 In giving the certifications above, I have reasonably relied on information provided to me by the following unaffiliated parties U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Indenture Trustee. 
 
 Date December 20, 2024 
 
 s CHRISTOPHER T. FORSYTHE Christopher T. Forsythe Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Officer in Charge of the Servicing Function, Atmos Energy Corporation, as Servicer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-33.1>
 3
 aek20240930ex-331xatoasses.htm
 EX-33.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 33.1 
 REPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH SERVICING CRITERIA 
 FOR ASSET-BACKED ISSUERS 
 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that the undersigned is the duly elected and acting Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Senior Officer in Charge of the Servicing Function of Atmos Energy Corporation, as servicer (the Servicer ), under the Securitized Utility Tariff Property Servicing Agreement dated as of June 20, 2023 (the Servicing Agreement by and between the Servicer and Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC, and further certifies that 
 1. The undersigned is responsible for assessing the Servicer s compliance with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB (the Servicing Criteria as set forth in Appendix A. 
 2. With respect to each of the Servicing Criteria, the undersigned has made the assessment of the Servicing Criteria in accordance with Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB, with such discussion regarding the performance of such Servicing Criteria during the fiscal year covered by Atmos Energy Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 3. To the best of the undersigned's knowledge, based on such review, the Servicer is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable servicing criteria set forth above as of and for the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 4. Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report in accordance with Section 1122(b) of Regulation AB on its assessment of compliance with the applicable servicing criteria as of and for the year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed and delivered this Annual Compliance Certificate. 
 Date December 20, 2024 
 
 s CHRISTOPHER T. FORSYTHE Christopher T. Forsythe Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Officer in Charge of the Servicing Function, Atmos Energy Corporation, as Servicer 

Appendix A 
 
 Regulation AB Reference Servicing Criteria Applicability General Servicing Considerations 1122(d)(1)(i) Policies and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction agreements. Applicable 1122(d)(1)(ii) If any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third party s performance and compliance with such servicing activities. Not applicable 1122(d)(1)(iii) Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for pool assets are maintained. Not applicable 1122(d)(1)(iv) A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the transaction agreements. Not applicable 1122(d)(1)(v) Aggregation of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the information conveyed accurately reflects the information. Applicable Cash Collection and Administration 1122(d)(2)(i) Payments on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business days following receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. Applicable 1122(d)(2)(ii) Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. Applicable 1122(d)(2)(iii) Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements. Applicable 1122(d)(2)(iv) The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of over collateralization, are separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set forth in the transaction agreements. Applicable 1122(d)(2)(v) Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, federally insured depository institution with respect to a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of Rule 13k-1(b)(1) under the Exchange Act. Applicable 1122(d)(2)(vi) Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. Not applicable 1122(d)(2)(vii) Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset- backed securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations are (A) mathematically accurate (B) prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements (C) reviewed and approved by someone other than the person who prepared the reconciliation and (D) contain explanations for reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. Applicable Investor Remittance and Reporting 1122(d)(3)(i) Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the SEC, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable SEC requirements. Specifically, such reports (A) are prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements (B) provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements (C) are filed with the SEC as required by its rules and regulations and (D) agree with investors or the trustee s records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of pool assets serviced by the servicer. Applicable 1122(d)(3)(ii) Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. Not applicable 1122(d)(3)(iii) Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two business days to the servicer s investor records, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. Applicable 1122(d)(3)(iv) Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. Applicable Pool Asset Administration 1122(d)(4)(i) Collateral or security on pool assets is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related pool asset documents. Applicable 1122(d)(4)(ii) Pool assets and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements. Applicable 1122(d)(4)(iii) Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements in the transaction agreements. Not applicable 1122(d)(4)(iv) Payments on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related pool asset documents are posted to the servicer s obligor records maintained no more than two business days after receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related pool asset agreements. Applicable 1122(d)(4)(v) The servicer s records regarding the pool assets agree with the servicer s records with respect to an obligor s unpaid principal balance. Applicable 1122(d)(4)(vi) Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligor s pool assets (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset documents. Applicable 

1122(d)(4)(vii) Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions, as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with the timeframes or other requirements established by the transaction agreements. Applicable 1122(d)(4)(viii) Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a pool asset is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the entity s activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets, including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment). Applicable 1122(d)(4)(ix) Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the related pool asset documents. Not applicable 1122(d)(4)(x) Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts) (A) such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligor s pool asset documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements (B) interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable pool asset documents and state laws and (C) such funds are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar days of full repayment of the related pool assets, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. Not applicable 1122(d)(4)(xi) Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such support has been received by the servicer at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. Not applicable 1122(d)(4)(xii) Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the servicer s funds and not charged to the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the obligor s error or omission. Not applicable 1122(d)(4)(xiii) Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the obligor s records maintained by the servicer, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. Not applicable 1122(d)(4)(xiv) Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. Applicable 1122(d)(4)(xv) Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in the transaction agreements. Not applicable 

</EX-33.1>

<EX-33.2>
 4
 aek20240930ex-332xusbankas.htm
 EX-33.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 33.2 
 REPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH SERVICING CRITERIA 
 FOR ASSET-BACKED ISSUERS 
 
 Management of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association U.S. Bank is responsible for assessing compliance as of and for the year ended September 30, 2024 with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of Regulation AB applicable to it as set forth on Exhibit A hereto. This report covers asset backed securities transactions within the U.S. Bank Corporate Trust Asset-Backed Securities Platform 1 (the Platform ). 
 
 U.S. Bank hereby provides the following report on its assessment of compliance with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122 of Regulation AB applicable to it and as described on Exhibit A hereto 
 
 1. U.S. Bank is responsible for assessing its compliance with the servicing criteria applicable to it as noted on the accompanying Exhibit A 
 2. Except as set forth in paragraph 3 below, U.S. Bank used the criteria set forth in paragraph (d) of Item 1122 of Regulation AB to assess its compliance with the applicable servicing criteria 
 3. The criteria listed in the column titled Inapplicable Servicing Criteria on Exhibit A hereto are inapplicable to U.S. Bank based on the servicing activities it performs directly with respect to the Platform 
 4. U.S. Bank has complied, in all material respects, with the applicable servicing criteria as of and for the year ended September 30, 2024 and 
 5. Ernst & Young LLP, a registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on U.S. Bank's assessment of compliance with the applicable servicing criteria as of and for the year ended September 30, 2024. 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 
 s JEFF KERR Name Jeff Kerr Title Executive Vice President 
 
 Dated December 13, 2024 

1 The U.S. Bank Corporate Trust Asset-Backed Securities Platform (the Platform consists of the activities involved in the performance of servicing functions for which the Company provides trustee, securities administration, registrar and paying agent services for (i) publicly issued asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities transactions the securities of which were offered on or after January 1, 2006 and (ii) certain asset- backed transactions for which the Issuer has voluntarily elected to make Regulation AB compliant filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Exhibit A 
 
 Regulation AB Reference Servicing Criteria Applicable Servicing Criteria Inapplicable Servicing Criteria General Servicing Considerations 1122(d)(1)(i) Policies and procedures are instituted to monitor any performance or other triggers and events of default in accordance with the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(1)(ii) If any material servicing activities are outsourced to third parties, policies and procedures are instituted to monitor the third party s performance and compliance with such servicing activities. X 1122(d)(1)(iii) Any requirements in the transaction agreements to maintain a back-up servicer for pool assets are maintained. X 1122(d)(1)(iv) A fidelity bond and errors and omissions policy is in effect on the party participating in the servicing function throughout the reporting period in the amount of coverage required by and otherwise in accordance with the terms of the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(1)(v) Aggregation of information, as applicable, is mathematically accurate and the information conveyed accurately reflects the information. X Cash Collection and Administration 1122(d)(2)(i) Payments on pool assets are deposited into the appropriate custodial bank accounts and related bank clearing accounts no more than two business days following receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(2)(ii) Disbursements made via wire transfer on behalf of an obligor or to an investor are made only by authorized personnel. X 1122(d)(2)(iii) Advances of funds or guarantees regarding collections, cash flows or distributions, and any interest or other fees charged for such advances, are made, reviewed and approved as specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(2)(iv) The related accounts for the transaction, such as cash reserve accounts or accounts established as a form of over collateralization, are separately maintained (e.g., with respect to commingling of cash) as set forth in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(2)(v) Each custodial account is maintained at a federally insured depository institution as set forth in the transaction agreements. For purposes of this criterion, federally insured depository institution with respect to a foreign financial institution means a foreign financial institution that meets the requirements of Rule 13k-1(b)(1) under the Exchange Act. X 1122(d)(2)(vi) Unissued checks are safeguarded so as to prevent unauthorized access. X 1122(d)(2)(vii) Reconciliations are prepared on a monthly basis for all asset- backed securities related bank accounts, including custodial accounts and related bank clearing accounts. These reconciliations are (A) mathematically accurate (B) prepared within 30 calendar days after the bank statement cutoff date, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements (C) reviewed and approved by someone other than the person who prepared the reconciliation and (D) contain explanations for reconciling items. These reconciling items are resolved within 90 calendar days of their original identification, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X Investor Remittance and Reporting 1122(d)(3)(i) Reports to investors, including those to be filed with the SEC, are maintained in accordance with the transaction agreements and applicable SEC requirements. Specifically, such reports (A) are prepared in accordance with timeframes and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements (B) provide information calculated in accordance with the terms specified in the transaction agreements (C) are filed with the SEC as required by its rules and regulations and (D) agree with investors or the trustee s records as to the total unpaid principal balance and number of pool assets serviced by the servicer. X 1122(d)(3)(ii) Amounts due to investors are allocated and remitted in accordance with timeframes, distribution priority and other terms set forth in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(3)(iii) Disbursements made to an investor are posted within two business days to the servicer s investor records, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(3)(iv) Amounts remitted to investors per the investor reports agree with cancelled checks, or other form of payment, or custodial bank statements. X Pool Asset Administration 1122(d)(4)(i) Collateral or security on pool assets is maintained as required by the transaction agreements or related pool asset documents. X 1122(d)(4)(ii) Pool assets and related documents are safeguarded as required by the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(iii) Any additions, removals or substitutions to the asset pool are made, reviewed and approved in accordance with any conditions or requirements in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(iv) Payments on pool assets, including any payoffs, made in accordance with the related pool asset documents are posted to the servicer s obligor records maintained no more than two business days after receipt, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements, and allocated to principal, interest or other items (e.g., escrow) in accordance with the related pool asset agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(v) The servicer s records regarding the pool assets agree with the servicer s records with respect to an obligor s unpaid principal balance. X 

1122(d)(4)(vi) Changes with respect to the terms or status of an obligor s pool assets (e.g., loan modifications or re-agings) are made, reviewed and approved by authorized personnel in accordance with the transaction agreements and related pool asset documents. X 1122(d)(4)(vii) Loss mitigation or recovery actions (e.g., forbearance plans, modifications and deeds in lieu of foreclosure, foreclosures and repossessions, as applicable) are initiated, conducted and concluded in accordance with the timeframes or other requirements established by the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(viii) Records documenting collection efforts are maintained during the period a pool asset is delinquent in accordance with the transaction agreements. Such records are maintained on at least a monthly basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements, and describe the entity s activities in monitoring delinquent pool assets, including, for example, phone calls, letters and payment rescheduling plans in cases where delinquency is deemed temporary (e.g., illness or unemployment). X 1122(d)(4)(ix) Adjustments to interest rates or rates of return for pool assets with variable rates are computed based on the related pool asset documents. X 1122(d)(4)(x) Regarding any funds held in trust for an obligor (such as escrow accounts) (A) such funds are analyzed, in accordance with the obligor s pool asset documents, on at least an annual basis, or such other period specified in the transaction agreements (B) interest on such funds is paid, or credited, to obligors in accordance with applicable pool asset documents and state laws and (C) such funds are returned to the obligor within 30 calendar days of full repayment of the related pool assets, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xi) Payments made on behalf of an obligor (such as tax or insurance payments) are made on or before the related penalty or expiration dates, as indicated on the appropriate bills or notices for such payments, provided that such support has been received by the servicer at least 30 calendar days prior to these dates, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xii) Any late payment penalties in connection with any payment to be made on behalf of an obligor are paid from the servicer s funds and not charged to the obligor, unless the late payment was due to the obligor s error or omission. X 1122(d)(4)(xiii) Disbursements made on behalf of an obligor are posted within two business days to the obligor s records maintained by the servicer, or such other number of days specified in the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xiv) Delinquencies, charge-offs and uncollectible accounts are recognized and recorded in accordance with the transaction agreements. X 1122(d)(4)(xv) Any external enhancement or other support, identified in Item 1114(a)(1) through (3) or Item 1115 of Regulation AB, is maintained as set forth in the transaction agreements. X 

</EX-33.2>

<EX-34.1>
 5
 aek20240930ex341-atoassura.htm
 EX-34.1

Document 

Exhibit 34.1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Management of Atmos Energy Corporation 
 
 We have examined management s assertion, included in the Management's Report on Assessment of Compliance with SEC Regulation AB Servicing Criteria, that Atmos Energy Corporation (the Company) complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122 (d) of the Securities and Exchange Commission's Regulation AB for the 2023-A Senior Secured Securitized Utility Tariff Bonds (the Platform), as of September 30, 2024 and for the year then ended, except for servicing criteria d.1.ii, d.1.iii, d.1.iv, d.2.vi, d.3.ii, d.4.iii, d.4.ix, d.4.x, d.4.xi, d.4.xii, d.4.xiii and d.4.xv, which the Company has determined are not applicable to the activities it performs with respect to the servicing Platform covered by this report. Management is responsible for the Company's compliance with those servicing criteria. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management's assertion about the Company s compliance with the servicing criteria based on our examination. 
 
 Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and, accordingly, included examining, on a test basis, evidence about the Company s compliance with the applicable servicing criteria and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. Our examination included testing of less than all of the individual asset backed transactions and securities that comprise the Platform, testing of less than all of the servicing activities related to the Platform and determining whether the Company processed those selected transactions and performed those selected activities in compliance with the servicing criteria. Furthermore, our procedures were limited to the selected transactions and servicing activities performed by the Company during the period covered by this report. Our procedures were not designed to determine whether errors may have occurred either prior to or subsequent to our tests that may have affected the balances or amounts calculated or reported by the Company during the period covered by this report for the selected transactions or any other transactions. We believe that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements related to our examination engagement. 
 
 Our examination does not provide a legal determination on the Company s compliance with the servicing criteria. 
 
 In our opinion, management s assertion that the Company complied with the aforementioned servicing criteria as of September 30, 2024 and for the year then ended, for the Series 2023-A Senior Secured Securitized Utility Tariff Bonds platform is fairly stated, in all material respects. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Dallas, TX 
 December 20, 2024 

</EX-34.1>

<EX-34.2>
 6
 aek20240930ex342-usbanktru.htm
 EX-34.2

Document 

Exhibit 34.2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The Board of Directors 
 U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 
 
 We have examined management s assertion, included in the accompanying Report on Assessment of Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria, that U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (the Company complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d) of the Securities and Exchange Commission's Regulation AB for the U.S. Bank Corporate Trust Asset-Backed Securities Platform (the Platform ), for which the Company provides trustee, securities administration, registrar and paying agent services, as of and for the year ended September 30, 2024, except for servicing criteria 1122 (d)(1)(i)-(v), 1122 (d)(2)(iii), 1122 (d)(2)(vi)-(vii), 1122 (d)(3)(i), and 1122 (d)(4)(i)-(xv), which the Company has determined are not applicable to the activities it performs with respect to the servicing platform covered by this report. Management is responsible for the Company's compliance with those servicing criteria. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management's assertion about the Company s compliance with the servicing criteria based on our examination. 
 
 Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and, accordingly, included examining, on a test basis, evidence about the Company s compliance with the applicable servicing criteria and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. Our examination included testing of less than all of the individual asset-backed transactions and securities that comprise the Platform, testing of less than all of the servicing activities related to the Platform, and determining whether the Company processed those selected transactions and performed those selected activities in compliance with the servicing criteria. Furthermore, our procedures were limited to the selected transactions and servicing activities performed by the Company during the period covered by this report. Our procedures were not designed to determine whether errors may have occurred either prior to or subsequent to our tests that may have affected the balances or amounts calculated or reported by the Company during the period covered by this report for the selected transactions or any other transactions. We believe that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements related to our examination engagement. 
 
 Our examination does not provide a legal determination on the Company's compliance with the servicing criteria. 
 
 In our opinion, management s assertion that the Company complied with the aforementioned servicing criteria as of and for the year ended September 30, 2024, for the U.S. Bank Corporate Trust Asset-Backed Securities Platform is fairly stated, in all material respects. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 December 13, 2024 

</EX-34.2>

<EX-35.1>
 7
 aek20240930ex-351complianc.htm
 EX-35.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 35.1 
 SERVICER COMPLIANCE STATEMENT 
 I, Christopher T. Forsythe, certify that 
 1. A review of Atmos Energy Corporation's (the Servicer activities during the reporting period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K and of its performance under that certain Securitized Utility Tariff Property Servicing Agreement dated as of June 20, 2023 between Atmos Energy Kansas Securitization I, LLC, as the Issuing Entity, and the Servicer (the Servicing Agreement has been made under my supervision and 
 2. To the best of my knowledge, based on such review, the Servicer has fulfilled all of its obligations under the Servicing Agreement in all material respects throughout the reporting period. 
 
 Date December 20, 2024 
 
 s CHRISTOPHER T. FORSYTHE Christopher T. Forsythe Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Officer in Charge of the Servicing Function, Atmos Energy Corporation, as Servicer 

</EX-35.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 aek-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 aek-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 aek-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 aek-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

