<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241218_10-K_edgar_data_1138978_0001493152-24-050606.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13417747</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>715707</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2112156</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4560714</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2509764</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3197860</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-050606.hdr.sgml : 20241218
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241218162839
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-050606
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241218
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241218

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001138978
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ENGINES & TURBINES [3510]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				593691650
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40089
		FILM NUMBER:		241559638

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11120 NE 2ND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(206) 617-9797

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11120 NE 2ND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			BELLEVUE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TURBINE TRUCK ENGINES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010420

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-050606.txt : 20241218

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______, 20 ____, to ______, 20_____. 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 ,

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

N/A 

 (Former
name or former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on an attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, February 29, 2024, was . 

There
were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value per share, outstanding as of December 17, 2024. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference 

Novo
Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Contents 

Page 
 
 Part I 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 41 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 79 
 
 Item
 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 79 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 80 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 81 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 81 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 81 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 82 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 83 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 101 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 102 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 103 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 103 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 103 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 103 

Part III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 104 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 110 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 119 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 121 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 122 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 123 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 129 

Signatures 
 130 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. s industry, management
beliefs, and assumptions made by management. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, 
 believes, seeks, estimates, variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to
identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict; therefore, actual results and outcomes may differ materially from what is
expressed or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in our forward-looking
statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, it is not possible to foresee or identify all factors that could have a material effect
on the future financial performance of the Company. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made on the
basis of management s assumptions and analyses, as of the time the statements are made, in light of their experience and perception
of historical conditions, expected future developments and other factors believed to be appropriate under the circumstances. Except as
otherwise required by the federal securities laws, we disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly release any updates or revisions
to any forward-looking statement contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the information incorporated by reference in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances
on which any statement is based. 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Business
Overview 

The
Company owns Canadian and U.S. subsidiaries which provide, or intend to provide, essential and differentiated solutions to the delivery
of multidisciplinary primary care and related wellness products through the integration of medical technology, interconnectivity, advanced
therapeutics, diagnostic solutions, unique personalized product offerings, and rehabilitative science. 

We
believe that decentralizing healthcare, through the integration of medical technology and interconnectivity, is an essential
solution to the rapidly evolving fundamental transformation of how non-catastrophic healthcare is delivered now and how it will be delivered
in the future. Specific to non-critical care, ongoing advancements in both medical technology and inter-connectivity are allowing for
a shift of the patient/practitioner relationship to the patient s home and away from on-site visits to primary medical centers
with mass-services. This acceleration of ease-of-access in the patient/practitioner interaction for non-critical care diagnosis
and subsequent treatment minimizes the degradation of non-critical health conditions to critical conditions as well as allowing for more
cost-effective and efficient healthcare distribution. 

The
Company s decentralized healthcare business model is centered on three primary pillars to best support the transformation of non-catastrophic
healthcare delivery to patients and consumers: 

First
 Pillar Service Networks: Deliver multidisciplinary primary care services through (i) an affiliate network of clinic facilities,
 (ii) small and micro footprint sized clinic facilities primarily located within the footprint of box-store commercial enterprises,
 (iii) clinic facilities operated through a franchise relationship with the Company, and (iv) corporate operated clinic facilities. 

Second
 Pillar Technology: Develop, deploy, and integrate sophisticated interconnected technology, interfacing the patient to the
 healthcare practitioner thus expanding the reach and availability of the Company s services, beyond the traditional clinic
 location, to geographic areas not readily providing advanced, peripheral based healthcare services, including the patient s
 home. 

Third
 Pillar Products: Develop and distribute effective, personalized health and wellness product solutions allowing for the customization
 of patient preventative care remedies and ultimately a healthier population. The Company s science-first approach to product
 innovation further emphasizes our mandate to create and provide over-the-counter preventative and maintenance care solutions. 

Innovation
through science, combined with the integration of sophisticated, secure technology, assures Novo Integrated of continued cutting edge
advancement in patient first platforms. 

First
Pillar Service Networks for Hands-on Patient Care 

Our
clinicians and practitioners provide certain multidisciplinary primary healthcare services, and related products, beyond the medical
doctor first level contact identified as primary care. Our clinicians and practitioners are not licensed medical doctors, physicians,
specialists, nurses or nurse practitioners. Our clinicians and practitioners are not authorized to practice primary care medicine and
they are not medically licensed to prescribe pharmaceutical based product solutions. 

Our
team of multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians and practitioners provide assessment, diagnosis, treatment, pain management,
rehabilitation, education and primary prevention for a wide array of orthopedic, musculoskeletal, sports injury, and neurological conditions
across various demographics including pediatric, adult, and geriatric populations through our 14 corporate-owned clinics, a contracted
network of affiliate clinics, and eldercare related long-term care homes, retirement homes, and community-based locations in Canada. 

1 

Our
specialized multidisciplinary primary healthcare services include physiotherapy, chiropractic care, manual/manipulative therapy, occupational
therapy, eldercare, massage therapy (including pre- and post-partum), acupuncture and functional dry needling, chiropody, stroke and
traumatic brain injury/neurological rehabilitation, kinesiology, vestibular therapy, concussion management and baseline testing, trauma
sensitive yoga and meditation for concussion-acquired brain injury and occupational stress-PTSD, women s pelvic health programs,
sports medicine therapy, assistive devices, dietitian, holistic nutrition, fall prevention education, sports team conditioning programs
including event and game coverage, and private personal training. 

Additionally,
we continue to expand our patient care philosophy of maintaining an on-going continuous connection with our current and future patient
community, beyond the traditional confines of brick-and-mortar facilities, by extending oversight of patient diagnosis, care and monitoring,
directly through various Medical Technology Platforms either in-use or under development. 

The
occupational therapists, physiotherapists, chiropractors, massage therapists, chiropodists and kinesiologists contracted, by Novo Healthnet
Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Novo Integrated NHL ), to provide occupational therapy, physical therapy and fall
prevention assessment services are registered with the College of Occupational Therapists of Ontario, the College of Physiotherapists
of Ontario, College of Chiropractors of Ontario, College of Massage Therapists of Ontario, College of Chiropodists of Ontario, and the
College of Kinesiologists of Ontario regulatory authorities. 

Our
strict adherence to public regulatory standards, as well as self-imposed standards of excellence and regulation, have allowed us to navigate
with ease through the industry s licensing and regulatory framework. Compliant treatment, data and administrative protocols are
managed through a team of highly trained, certified healthcare and administrative professionals. We and our affiliates provide service
to the Canadian property and casualty insurance industry, resulting in a regulated framework governed by the Financial Services Commission
of Ontario. 

Affiliate
Clinics 

In
order to strengthen our position within the Canadian Preferred Provider Network PPN ), we ve built a contracted affiliate
relationship with clinics across Canada with a majority of our affiliate clinics located in Ontario province and other affiliate clinics
located in Alberta, Nova Scotia and Newfoundland. The PPN receives referrals from insurance companies, licensed in Canada, for patients
in need of specific multidisciplinary primary healthcare solutions. 

The
services provided by our affiliate clinics are consistent with the multidisciplinary primary healthcare services provided by our own
corporate clinics. While each affiliate clinic may provide additional unique healthcare solutions, all affiliate clinics must meet specific
criteria established under the PPN creating a single standard of excellence across all clinics within our network. 

LA
Fitness U.S. and Canada Micro Clinics 

In
September 2019, through its U.S. subsidiary Novomerica Health Group, Inc. Novomerica and its Canadian subsidiary, NHL,
the Company entered into exclusive Master Facility License Agreements License Agreement to establish and operate reduced
footprint clinics, or micro-clinics , to provide outpatient physical and/or occupational therapy services and related products
within LA Fitness facilities in both the U.S. and Canada. In March 2020, as a result of guidelines issued by local, state, federal, and
provincial authorities due to the COVID-19 pandemic, LA Fitness U.S. and Canada closed all facilities nationwide. As a result, all contractual
terms and conditions of both our U.S. and Canada Master Facility License Agreements were placed on hold through fiscal year 2021 with
all parties expressing the intent to amend both the U.S. and Canada License Agreements and related timelines to launch our LA Fitness
micro-clinic facilities as normal activity resumes in the LA Fitness U.S. and Canada facilities. 

2 

On
December 15, 2021, NHL entered into an Amended and Restated Master Facility License Agreement (the Amended and Restated Canada
License Agreement with LAF Canada Company LA Fitness Canada ). The Amended and Restated Canada License Agreement
had the effect of (i) removing NHL s obligation to develop and open a certain number of facilities within certain designated time
periods; and (ii) revising the default provisions such that certain defaults will result only in termination with respect to a specific
facility, rather than of the license itself. As a result of the Amended and Restated Canada License Agreement, NHL may continue to develop
and open additional facilities for business. The initial location is in the Brampton Ontario LA Fitness facility with more locations
to follow in Ontario province. 

We
cannot guarantee that the U.S. License Agreement will be amended to allow for an extension of its timeline. Opening of our micro-clinic
facilities may vary from state to state; however, our model plan to partner and sub-license with existing local clinic ownership to launch
and operate in U.S. based LA Fitness locations remains intact and we are unable to verify our schedule to commence opening our micro-clinics
in U.S. based LA Fitness locations. 

Eldercare 

The
Company s eldercare related operations provide physiotherapy PT ), occupational therapy OT ), assessment
and application assistance for assistive devices, fall prevention programs, community-based strengthening and general flexibility exercise
classes, rehabilitative strategies and continuing education to eldercare clients, including caregivers and family members as applicable,
in various long-term care homes, retirement homes and community-based locations across the province of Ontario, Canada. 

As
a result of NHL s September 2013 asset acquisition of Peak Health LTC Inc, an Ontario corporation formed in 2006, NHL has more
than 20 years of experience providing certain multidisciplinary related healthcare services and products to the eldercare community.
In 2017, based on the philosophical overlap and synchronicity between PT and OT, NHL launched its occupational therapy sector of services
for our eldercare clients. NHL s eldercare focused OT and PT services and products are in direct competition with the top providers
in this sector. We offer an extensive roster of both OT and PT clinicians certified by the Ministry of Health for assistive device assessment
under the Assistive Device Program which, when the individual meets the criteria, allows our eldercare clients access to significant
funding subsidies to purchase varying mobility aids (such as walkers, wheelchairs, seating, and power wheelchairs/scooters). 

Additionally,
our proprietary Electronic Rehabilitation Record and Management Reporting software solution provides us the ability to deliver each eldercare
location with a wide-array of detailed PT and OT reports that include, among other things: (i) client specific treatment details, (ii)
identifying cost and optimization possibilities, (iii) outlining a wide variety of client outcome measurements, (iv) analyzing overall
contract effectiveness, and (v) producing indicators which assist the NHL team to target opportunities for improved team efficiency.
This software comes with an ability to provide a graphically illustrated report card for contribution to annual, interdisciplinary
care conferences with staff and family members, as well as fall reporting capacities, which are central to many homes fall prevention
committee meetings. Additionally, data generated by the software allows members from both the NHL team and the eldercare facility team
to identify residents who fall frequently and allow for the inter-disciplinary team to put strategies in place to better reduce a resident s
 fall-risk . 

NHL
has created and delivers, through online virtual technology, a variety of eldercare oriented educational in-service programs which include
topics such as nursing restorative education, back education and other eldercare-relevant topics such as osteoporosis, fall prevention,
wheelchair positioning, and least restraints. NHL has designed its virtual online education in-service programs and modules to be presented
in a variety of formats to facilitate the different capacity and styles of learning common to senior-aged individuals. 

3 

Our
eldercare PT services are provided as follows: 

1. 
 Long-Term
 Care Homes . NHL contracts with long-term care homes to provide individualized, onsite PT and group exercise classes for its residents.
 Registered physiotherapists are assisted by on-site support personnel to deliver individualized care, based on assessed needs, and
 with a goal of assisting each resident to attain and maintain their highest level of function possible with their activities of daily
 living. These services are primarily funded by the Ontario Ministry of Long-Term Care MLTC ). The NHL team assists
 in providing assistive device assessments allowing residents access to funding assistance for varying mobility aids (such as walkers,
 wheelchairs, seating, and power wheelchairs/scooters). In addition to providing PT services, our team assists the long-term care
 home s interdisciplinary team in the homes annual care conferences with its residents. Through the provision of education
 regarding nursing restorative programming, our team assists the long-term care home s team in back education, fall prevention
 and many other subjects related to PT or physical health and wellness. The NHL team works together with the interdisciplinary team
 to assist with mandatory coding of Canada s Resident Assessment Instrument Minimum Data Set RAI-MDS which is
 the standardized assessment tool required for the home to access payment from the MLTC for each resident. Additionally, through NHL s
 proprietary software, the homes have access to abundant reporting solutions to help provide objective and quantitative measures for
 their continuous quality improvement program. NHL s proprietary software provides our eldercare client locations with the unique
 ability to login and access multiple data points related to a multitude of therapy services provided to its residents, allowing for
 detailed, rapid reporting and accountability. 

2. 
 Retirement
 Homes . We contract with client retirement homes to provide individualized physiotherapy and group exercise classes to the retirement
 homes residents. Registered physiotherapists are assisted by the onsite support personnel to deliver individualized care based
 on assessed needs, again with a goal of assisting the residents participating in therapy to attain and maintain their level of function
 related to the activities of daily living. These services are partially funded by the individual and partly funded by the MLTC. Similar
 to the long-term care sector, our team assists with education of the nursing/interdisciplinary team, provides in depth service reports
 to the homes to measure desired service delivery and our proprietary software allows for the retirement home to have the same unique
 login capacity. In addition to the services above, some of the residents in the retirement homes, and as applicable the resident s
 family members, can request and authorize receiving an increased level of physiotherapy related services available privately on a
 fee-for-service basis paid by the individual. In addition, access to Registered Occupational Therapists, Massage Therapists and Speech
 Language Pathologists is also offered on a fee-for-service basis. 

3. 
 Community
 Based Home Care Physiotherapy. Throughout the province of Ontario, the MLTC operates 14 Ontario Health AtHome branches OHaH which are health authorities responsible for regional administration of public healthcare services. OHaH serves as contact points,
 information clearing houses, referral resources, and assessment / care coordinators for eligible residents who need healthcare assistance
 at home or a safer place to live through aging at home strategies that can be put in place by healthcare providers. Through service
 contracts, OHaH engages cluster providers to provide services to clients living in the community, clients living at-home
 or clients living in a retirement home. These service contracts are funded by the MLTC. 

NHL
 is a cluster provider sub-contractor for home care physiotherapy in the Northeast OHaH which encompasses more than
 565,000 people across 400,000 square kilometers and five sub-regions. Through this subcontract arrangement, we provide one-on-one
 physiotherapy assessment and treatment to clients who cannot easily access outpatient services due to mobility challenges. Primarily,
 these clients are elderly with multiple co-morbidities, although some clients are not elderly and are instead simply post-operative
 with mobility challenges. 

4. 
 Community
 Based Group Exercise Classes Fall Prevention Programs. NHL has contracted with 2 cluster providers to provide
 group exercise classes and fall prevention programs (consisting of an assessment accompanied by education and group exercise classes)
 in 3 separate OHaH branches (Central, Toronto Central and Central East) which encompass the Greater Toronto area with an estimated
 aggregate population of 4.4 million people. In 2013, the MLTC introduced several initiatives designed to assist seniors in maintaining
 an active and healthy lifestyle while still living at home. Under the 2013 initiative, exercise instructors under contract with NHL,
 deliver group exercise classes over a 48-week period each year. 

In
 addition, another component of the 2013 MLTC initiative is the delivery of fall prevention programs with entry and exit assessments
 completed by specialized registered providers such as kinesiologists and physiotherapists with the assistance of exercise instructors
 for the group class and education portion of the program. The goal of these classes is to assess seniors general health status,
 identify defined levels of risk pertaining to balance and falling, and educate seniors about fall prevention through a combination
 of increased knowledge and teaching exercises designed to improve strength and balance. 

4 

5. 
 Community-based Outpatient Clinics . NHL provides outpatient physiotherapy, chiropractic, and
 laser technology services through a community-based clinic in the province of Ontario. The services provided at the clinic are funded
 by Motor Vehicle Accident treatment plans, extended health benefits insurance coverage, or private payment. A portion of the services
 provided at the clinic are funded by the MLTC in the form of Episodes of Care and these services are specifically targeted to be
 delivered to clients who meet the following criteria: 

Aged
 65 years of age and older or aged 18 years of age and younger, and 

Are
 post-operative, or 

Have
 just been discharged from a hospital, or 

Are
 receiving services from the Ontario Disability Services Program or Ontario Works. 

Our
eldercare OT services are provided, through two separate sectors, as follows: 

1. 
 Long-Term Care Sector . We contract with client homes to provide the following OT services: 

Assessments
 and interventions to support maintenance and restoration of function related to seating, mobility, positioning for self-care, prevention
 of pressure ulcers, falls and use of restraints, 

Speech
 language pathology services, including evaluation and treatment by registered speech language pathologists. 

Swallowing
 and eating assessments and interventions, 

Cognitive
 behavioral assessments and care planning, 

Our
 occupational therapists have specialized training in mobility providing assistive device assessments when required. This service
 is funded primarily by the MLTC. 

2. Retirement Home
 Community. We provide the following OT services through individual contracts with private payers: 

Home
 safety assessments, 

Functional
 assessments, 

In-home
 activities of daily living assessments, 

Assessment
 and completion of applications for assistive devices (mobility aids), 

Custom
 seating and mobility consultations, 

Case
 management services, and 

Speech
 language pathology services, including evaluation and treatment by registered speech language pathologists. 

Second
Pillar Interconnected Technology for Virtual Ecosystem of Services, Products and Digital Health Offerings 

Decentralization
through the integration of interconnected technology platforms has been adopted and is thriving in a variety of sectors and industries
such as transportation (Uber, Lyft), real estate (Zillow, Redfin, Airbnb, VRBO), used car sales (Carvana, Vroom), stock and financial
markets (Robinhood, Acorns, Webull) and so many other sectors. Yet decentralization of the non-critical primary care and wellness sector
of healthcare is lagging significantly in capability and benefit for patient access and delivery of services and products. The COVID
pandemic has taught both patients and healthcare providers the viability, importance, and benefits of decentralized access to primary
care simply through the rapid adoption of telehealth/telemedicine. 

The
Company s focus on a holistic approach to patient-first health and wellness, through innovation and decentralization, includes
maintaining an on-going continuous connection with our current and future patient community, beyond the traditional confines of brick-and-mortar
facilities, by extending oversight of patient evaluation, diagnosis, treatment solutions, and monitoring, directly through various Medical
Technology Platforms and periphery tools either in-use or under development. Through the integration and deployment of sophisticated
and secure technology and periphery diagnostic tools, the Company is working to expand the reach of our non-critical primary care services
and product offerings, beyond the traditional clinic locations, to geographic areas not readily providing advanced primary care service
to date, including the patient s home. 

5 

Novo
Connect 

The
Company believes the healthcare industry is in the early stages of a fundamental transformation of the patient-practitioner-health insurer
relationship whereby the patient is demanding greater control and care collaboration for their health and wellness needs while the practitioner
desires dramatic improved efficiency in the delivery of their expertise to the patient. Novo Connect, the Company s proprietary
mobile application with a fully securitized tech stock, telemedicine/telehealth and remote patient monitoring, is a secure, cloud-based
health and commerce web application intended to assist patients as they explore, connect, manage, and have direct control of their personalized
health and wellness needs. Novo Connect is designed to integrate the Company s interconnected technology and provide the patient
a single platform with a robust healthcare ecosystem of services, products, and digital health offerings. 

In
October 2021, we launched MiTelemed+, Inc. MiTelemed ), a joint venture with EK-Tech Solutions Inc. EK-Tech ).
MiTelemed operates, supports and expands access and functionality of iTelemed, EK-Tech s enhanced proprietary telehealth platform.
MiTelemed+, through the iTelemed platform, allows us to offer the patient and the practitioner a sophisticated and enhanced telehealth
interaction. Through the interface of sophisticated peripheral based diagnostic tools operated by skilled support workers in the patient s
remote location, we believe that the practitioner s ability and comfort to provide a uniquely comprehensive evaluation, diagnosis,
and treatment solution is dramatically elevated. 

The
current system for delivery and access to primary care is fragmented, requiring patients to use multiple access points, portals, and
applications to track various practitioner and health plan interactions for which each practitioner and health plan maintains separate
records. Too many times, as a patient ages, the current systems make it almost impossible to have a central data set of a patients 
health history, many times losing various time periods of health history. Novo Connect is intended to empower the patient by providing
a single platform that offers care services, tracking, and secure recordkeeping to better navigate care choices. 

Specific
to non-critical care, the patient-practitioner relationship is shifting away from on-site visits to primary medical centers with mass-services
and to the patient s home and micro-clinics. Novo Connect is intended to provide ease-of-access in the patient/practitioner
interaction for non-critical care diagnosis and subsequent treatment minimizing the degradation of non-critical health conditions to
critical conditions as well as allowing for more cost-effective healthcare distribution. The services and products available through
Novo Connect may be provided either directly by the Company or an affiliated network of service or product providers across a variety
of specialties. 

Novo
Connect is intended to provide a suite of secure, reliable engagement features including, but not limited to, 

Connect
 Now : a real-time scheduling solution to connect clinic practitioners and physicians. 

Connect
 Storag e: Secure Document storage. 

Connect
 Community : a community chat forum to share and discuss various conditions to include curated channels offering
 health and wellness solutions and insight. 

Connect
 CarePlan a patient-specific care plan developed by providers, augmented with product and service solutions, to address
 various conditions. 

Remote
 bill pay. 

Remote
 patient monitoring interface. 

As
of August 31, 2024, Novo Connect was in limited commercialization through certain of the Company s corporate-owned clinics with
expanded commercialization intended to launch in the spring of 2025. 

6 

Telemedicine/Telehealth 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has taught both patients and healthcare providers the viability, importance, and benefits of telemedicine technology
for non-catastrophic primary care. Telemedicine is transforming traditional approaches to healthcare by providing ease of access and
reduced costs for patients, particularly in areas with limited access to both clinicians and medically licensed providers. In a post-pandemic
global environment, telemedicine is more readily being adopted by patients, practitioners, clinicians, medical licensed providers, and
health insurers for limited diagnostic and treatment solutions. We believe to date that telehealth technology usage is one dimensional
and limiting in comfort for practitioners to provide in-depth diagnosis and treatment solutions. 

Through
both internal development and partnerships, the Company is working to provide the next generation of telehealth technology to offer the
patient and the practitioner a sophisticated and enhanced telehealth interaction using an interface of sophisticated periphery based
diagnostic tools, such as a blood pressure reading device, a derma scope, an ophthalmoscope, otoscope, and other add-ons operated by
skilled support workers in the patient s remote location. This enhanced telehealth experience allows for the practitioner and patient
to have a much higher level of ability and comfort to provide a uniquely comprehensive evaluation, diagnosis, and treatment solution
thus dramatically elevating the effectiveness of virtual visits that are more resource efficient and as effective as a physical visit. 

Remote
Patient Monitoring RPM 

Our
RPM program is intended to empower a patient to have direct control of collecting and monitoring real-time vital sign information while
maintaining a direct technology link from patient to clinician or medical practitioner. The transfer of vital information from home to
clinic or patient to clinician allows for the delivery of high quality, non-redundant diagnostic based proactive healthcare. The implementation
of in-clinic patient metrics equivalent to those derived via a remote application in the home environment is the first step in engaging
patient retention to remote review. The RPM program allows us to further expand on our patient-first care philosophy of maintaining an
on-going connection with our patient community, beyond the traditional confines of a clinic, extending oversight of patient care and
monitoring directly into the patient s home. 

Third
Pillar Health and Wellness Products 

We
believe our science first approach to product offerings further emphasizes the Company s strategic vision to innovate, evolve,
and deliver over-the-counter preventative and maintenance care solutions as well as therapeutics and personalized diagnostics that enable
individualized health optimization. 

As
the Company s patient base grows through the expansion of its corporate owned clinics, its affiliate network, its micro-clinic
facility openings, its interconnected technology platforms, and other growth initiatives, the development and distribution of high-quality
wellness product solutions is integral to (i) offering effective product solutions allowing for the customization of patient preventative
care remedies and ultimately a healthier population, and (ii) maintaining an on-going relationship with our patients through the customization
of patient preventative and maintenance care solutions. 

The
Company s product offering ecosystem has been built through strategic acquisitions and engaging in licensing agreements with partners
that share our vision to provide a portfolio of products that offer an essential and differentiated solution to health and wellness globally.
Our 2021 acquisitions of Acenzia, PRO-DIP, LLC PRO-DIP and Terragenx Inc. Terragenx support this Third
Pillar. The Company owns a 91 controlling interest in Terragenx. On March 15, 2022, PRO-DIP was issued U.S. Patent No. 11,273,965 by
the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The 965 patent relates to PRO-DIP s novel technology for manufacturing its oral supplement
pouches. On April 4, 2022, NHL was granted a Natural Product Number (NPN) by Health Canada for IoNovo GO Iodine which is the Company s
forth iodine related product to recently be granted a NPN by Health Canada following IoNovo Pure Iodine, IoNovo Iodide, and IoNovo for
Kids pure iodine oral spray. 

Acenzia
Inc. 

Acenzia
Inc. Acenzia ), was acquired by NHL in June 2021. Acenzia is in the business of providing nutraceutical health solutions
through advanced bio-science research and development, proprietary manufacturing, and personalized diagnostics. In addition, Acenzia
has developed a multiple international jurisdiction patented technology platform called Zgraft, using zebrafish, which enables rapid
analysis of cancer cells, offering cancer patients and their healthcare providers prediction of early metastasis and drug sensitivity
thereby providing important information for diagnosis and treatment. 

Acenzia,
founded in 2015, is licensed by multiple international government agencies including Health Canada, the U.S. FDA and the European Union
for Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) for over-the-counter and dietary supplement manufacturing. In addition, Acenzia maintains multiple
third-party licenses including from the National Sanitation Foundation International (NSF) for meeting the required public health standards
for manufacturing food, nutrition, and supplements. Acenzia is dedicated to the creation of innovative therapeutics and diagnostics that
enables individualized health optimization. 

Acenzia s
36,000 square foot facility is located in Windsor Ontario Canada and includes Class 100 pharmaceutical grade cleanrooms and certified
laboratories from which Acenzia creates and manufactures evidenced-based dietary, nutraceutical, and food products that can be validated
through personalized diagnostics. 

7 

PRO-DIP,
LLC 

PRO-DIP,
LLC PRO-DIP ), founded in 2015 and based in San Jose, California, was acquired by the Company in May 2021. PRO-DIP has
developed and commercialized its proprietary, patent-pending ION Energy oral pouch that delivers flavorful bursts of vitamins and natural
energy supplements through small, semi-permeable sachets placed in the mouth, between the gum and cheek or lip. The initial burst of
supplements is followed by extended absorption of the nutrients, providing long-lasting energy, even at high-exertion levels. With its
hand-free ease of consumption, the ION energy-rich pouch is an alternative to traditional sports supplements. On March 15, 2022, PRO-DIP
was issued U.S. Patent No. 11,273,965 by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on March 15, 2022. The 965 patent relates to PRO-DIP s
novel technology for manufacturing its oral supplement pouches. 

In
addition to the ION Energy oral pouch, PRO-DIP is developing other pouch types for applications such as hydration, immunity, multi-vitamin,
antioxidants, creatine, and sleep. 

The
PRO-DIP oral pouch delivery system offers broad market applications related to (i) nutritionally focused products and, (ii) medicinal
based formulations. The dissolvable oral pouch as the delivery mechanism for certain medications, normally swallowed in pill or tablet
format, between the cheek and gum for buccal absorption into the mouth s small blood vessels. 

Terragenx
Inc. and Iodine Micro-nutrient 

On
November 17, 2021, NHL acquired a 91 controlling interest in Terragenx Inc. and the Company acquired the intellectual property portfolio
for the unique formulation and manufacturing capability to produce a water-soluble, iodine micro-nutrient oral sprays that is 100 pure
and natural with no chemicals, no plastics, and no alcohol IoNovo ). The IoNovo oral spray line of products are (i) designed
to be delivered via oral spray which is proven to be significantly more effective in absorption than pill or gel capsules, and (ii) FDA
and Health Canada approved for over-the-counter and e-commerce distribution. 

Iodine
is a naturally occurring element and essential nutrient used by the thyroid gland to manufacture necessary hormones in the human body.
Iodine is recognized as a world class disinfectant and is one of nature s finest microbial killers of bacteria and virus deactivators.
For decades, the global medical community has recognized Iodine as an essential micronutrient that assists the thyroid to produce T3
and T4 hormones needed for a healthy metabolism, immune system, increased energy levels, and cognitive development, Additionally, Iodine
is known to promote healthy skin, nails, and hair. 

While
iodine alone cannot be ingested as a stand-alone ingredient, through the acquisition of Terragenx and the Iodine IP, Novo has acquired
the intellectual property for iodine in an aqueous form that can be safely ingested and has been proven to kill viruses, bacteria and
protozoa when sprayed onto your mucous membranes, the entry points for various airborne viruses. 

The
Company has been granted Natural Product Numbers (NPN) by Health Canada for each of IoNovo GO Iodine, IoNovo Pure Iodine, IoNovo Iodide,
and IoNovo for Kids pure iodine oral spray. An NPN is a product license assessed and granted by Health Canada to commercialize a product
that is found to be safe, effective, and of high quality. In addition, Turkey s Ministry of Health has granted a registration number
and provided regulatory approval for both IoNovo for Kids and IoNovo Iodine as a dietary supplement determined to be safe, effective,
of high quality, and eligible for sale in Turkey. 

8 

Intellectual
Property and Patents 

The
Company has acquired intellectual property, including patents, related to health sciences, personal diagnostics, and product applications
which include: 

1. 
 U.S.
 Patent No. 11,273,965 issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on March 15, 2022 for oral and/or buccal delivery pouch and
 the method of making same. The 965 patent relates to PRO-DIP s novel technology for manufacturing its oral supplement
 pouches. PRO-DIP s innovative, patented oral supplement pouch delivery system technology provides for broad market applications
 related to nutritionally focused products and medicinal based formulations. PRO-DIP s initial oral pouch commercial product
 offering, the ION Energy pouch, is designed for the delivery of flavorful bursts of vitamins and natural energy supplements through
 small, semi-permeable sachets placed in the mouth, between the gum and cheek or lip. The initial burst of supplements is followed
 by extended absorption of the nutrients, providing long-lasting energy, even at high-exertion levels. With its hands-free ease of
 consumption, the energy-rich pouches are an alternative to traditional sports supplements and deliver a daily serving of natural
 vitamins and nutrients. The invention of the pouch delivery system for nutraceuticals continues to gain mainstream interest from
 health product manufacturers, medical organizations, big pharma, the military, space organizations, CBD/hemp companies, humanitarian
 aid groups and the list goes on. 

2. 
 U.S.
 Patent No. 10,760,060B2, issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on September 1, 2020 for injection and incubation of circulating
 tumor cells from a cancer biopsy in zebrafish for accelerated prediction of cancer progression and response to treatment. Referred
 to as Zgraft, this is a multiple international jurisdiction patented personalized diagnostic technology platform which, using zebrafish,
 enables rapid analysis of cancer cells, offering cancer patients and their healthcare providers prediction of early metastasis and
 drug sensitivity thereby providing important information for diagnosis and treatment. The Zgraft platform models tumor progression
 and analyzes a cancer cell s response to various treatments by transplanting human tumor tissue into a zebrafish allowing researchers
 to test an individual s tumor cells under various conditions to see how they might respond to certain drug combinations and
 how the cancer progresses all without exposing patients to the adverse effects of trying drug combinations that, ultimately,
 aren t effective for their cases. Essentially, by taking a sample of cancer cells from a patient s own tumors and studying
 them in a variety of conditions, doctors can now provide a more accurate prognosis of that individual s case. More importantly,
 we believe doctors can now test a variety of possible drug combinations to see how that particular patient s cancer will respond
 to them. 

3. 
 Intellectual
 property for generic primary and sub-primary drug formulations (known as bioequivalence) of name brand pharmaceutical reference products
 related to usage as injectables, ophthalmic, and topical applications. 

4. 
 Intellectual
 property for proprietary designs for a cannabis dosing device, TruDose, which provides real-time analysis for the amount of THC/CBD
 in the smoke/vapor stream, after the heat point, allowing that once the device has detected the medically prescribed pre-set amount
 of THC/CBD has been detected, the device shuts off the flow of smoke/vapor so that only the pre-determined dose can be inhaled. The
 TruDose device is designed and intended to create assurance to delivered doses potentially allowing for broader medical application
 adoption. 

5. 
 Iodine
 and IoNovo related intellectual property, patents, and patent pending as follows: 

a. 
 Canada
 patent pending for spray devices for dispensing aqueous iodine, and methods of making and using spray devices that dispense aqueous
 iodine 

b. 
 U.S.
 patent pending for controlled gaseous iodine sublimation from solid iodine for atmospheric iodine nutrition, disinfection and therapeutic
 uses 

c. 
 U.S.
 patent pending for an apparatus to produce atmospheric nutritional disinfectant iodine 

d. 
 U.S.
 patent pending for automated high output aqueous iodine production and bottling system 

9 

Recent
Developments 

September
2023 Mast Hill SPA 

On
September 12, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the September 2023 Mast Hill SPA with Mast
Hill Fund, L.P. Mast Hill ), pursuant to which the Company issued an 12 promissory note (the September 2023 Mast
Hill Note with a maturity date of September 12, 2024 (the September 2023 Mast Hill Maturity Date ), in the principal
sum of 3,500,000. Pursuant to the terms of the September 2023 Mast Hill Note, the Company agreed to pay the principal sum to Mast Hill
and to pay interest on the principal balance at the rate of 12 per annum. The September 2023 Mast Hill Note carries an original issue
discount OID of 350,000. Accordingly, on the closing date, Mast Hill paid the purchase price of 3,150,000 in exchange
for the September 2023 Mast Hill Note. Mast Hill may convert the September 2023 Mast Hill Note into shares of the Company s common
stock at any time at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) 4.50 or (ii) 91.5 of the lowest volume weighted average price of
the Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading day period prior to the respective conversion date, subject
to adjustment as provided in the September 2023 Mast Hill Note (including but not limited to price protection provisions in case of future
dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions) as well as beneficial ownership limitations. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the September 2023 Mast Hill Note, the Company agreed to pay the principal sum and accrued interest as follows: (i) all
accrued interest on December 12, 2023, (ii) 350,000 plus accrued interest on March 12, 2024, (iii) 350,000 plus accrued interest on
April 12, 2024, (iv) 350,000 plus accrued interest on May 12, 2024, (v) 595,000 plus accrued interest on June 12, 2024, (vi) 595,000
plus accrued interest on July 12, 2024, (vii) 595,000 plus accrued interest on August 12, 2024, and (viii) all remaining amounts owed
under the September 2023 Mast Hill Note on the September 2023 Mast Hill Maturity Date (each of the aforementioned payments is an Amortization
Payment ). If the Company fails to make any Amortization Payment, then Mast Hill will have the right to convert the amount of such
respective Amortization Payment into shares of common stock as provided in the September 2023 Mast Hill Note at the lesser of (i) the
then applicable conversion price under the September 2023 Mast Hill Note or (ii) 85 the lowest volume weighted average price of the
Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading day period prior to the respective conversion date. 

The
Company may prepay the September 2023 Mast Hill Note at any time prior to the date that an Event of Default (as defined in the Note)
occurs at an amount equal to the principal sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest (no prepayment premium) plus 750 for
administrative fees. The September 2023 Mast Hill Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment
defaults, breach of representations and warranties, and breach of provisions of the September 2023 Mast Hill Note or September 2023 Mast
Hill SPA. 

Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, the September 2023 Mast Hill Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company will
pay to Mast Hill an amount equal to the principal sum then outstanding plus accrued interest multiplied by 125 . Upon the occurrence
of an Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from the date of the Event of Default at the rate equal to the lower of 16 per
annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

The
September 2023 Mast Hill SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things
and subject to certain exceptions, piggy-back registration rights with respect to the common stock underlying the September 2023 Mast
Hill Note. Further, pursuant to the September 2023 Mast Hill SPA, the Company agreed to transfer its rights to the charges/mortgages
evidenced by Instrument Nos. CE925256 (in the amount of CDN 1,600,000) and CE888785 (in the amount of CDN 1,800,000) on the property
located at 1580 Rossi Drive, Tecumseh, Ontario, Canada, to Mast Hill as security for the Company s repayment of the September 2023
Mast Hill Note. In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the September 2023 Mast Hill Note, the sum of the number
of shares of common stock that may be issued under the September 2023 Mast Hill SPA and September 2023 Mast Hill Note shall be limited
to 1,772,045 shares as further described in the September 2023 Mast Hill SPA, unless shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is
obtained by the Company. 

10 

The
Company s subsidiary, Acenzia Inc. Acenzia ), entered into a guaranty with Mast Hill on September 12, 2023. Acenzia
guaranteed the repayment of the September 2023 Mast Hill Note and granted Mast Hill a security interest in Acenzia s assets, including
but not limited to, the property located at 1580 Rossi Drive, Tecumseh, Ontario, Canada. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the September 2023 Mast Hill Note, on December 12, 2023, the Company made an interest-only payment of 104,712 to Mast
Hill. Between March 14, 2024 and April 4, 2024, the Company issued 826,203 shares of common stock to Mast Hill upon conversion of outstanding
debt which consisted of a principal amount of 271,226 and an interest amount of 104,712, for a total amount of 375,938. 

On
April 9, 2024, the Company paid the full balance owed on the September 2023 Mast Hill Note in the principal amount of 3,228,774 and
the interest amount of 30,571. As of August 31, 2024, the September 2023 Mast Hill Note was paid in full. 

September
2023 FirstFire SPA Note 

On
September 18, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the September 2023 FirstFire SPA with FirstFire
Global Opportunities Fund, L.P. FirstFire ), pursuant to which the Company issued an 12 promissory note (the September
2023 FirstFire Note with a maturity date of September 18, 2024, in the principal sum of 277,778. Pursuant to the terms of the
September 2023 FirstFire Note, the Company agreed to pay the principal sum to FirstFire and to pay interest on the principal balance
at the rate of 12 per annum. The September 2023 FirstFire Note carries an OID of 27,778. Accordingly, on the closing date, FirstFire
paid the purchase price of 250,000 in exchange for the September 2023 FirstFire Note. FirstFire may convert the September 2023 FirstFire
Note into the Company s common stock, at any time at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) 4.50 or (ii) 91.5 of the lowest
volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading day period prior to the
respective conversion date, subject to adjustment as provided in the September 2023 FirstFire Note (including but not limited to price
protection provisions in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions) as well as beneficial ownership
limitations. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the September 2023 FirstFire Note, the Company agreed to pay the principal sum and accrued interest as follows: (i) all
accrued interest on December 18, 2023, (ii) 27,778 plus accrued interest on March 18, 2024, (iii) 27,778 plus accrued interest on April
18, 2024, (iv) 27,778 plus accrued interest on May 18, 2024, (v) 47,222 plus accrued interest on June 18, 2024, (vi) 47,222 plus accrued
interest on July 18, 2024, (vii) 47,222 plus accrued interest on August 18, 2024, and (viii) all remaining amounts owed under the September
2023 FirstFire Note on the maturity date (each of the aforementioned payments is a FirstFire Amortization Payment ). If
the Company fails to make any FirstFire Amortization Payment, then FirstFire shall have the right to convert the amount of such respective
FirstFire Amortization Payment into shares of common stock as provided in the September 2023 FirstFire Note at the lesser of (i) the
then applicable conversion price under the September 2023 FirstFire Note or (ii) 85 the lowest volume weighted average price of the
Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading day period prior to the respective conversion date. 

The
Company may prepay the September 2023 FirstFire Note at any time prior to the date that an event of default occurs at an amount equal
to the principal sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest (no prepayment premium) plus 750 for administrative fees. The
September 2023 FirstFire Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults, breach of representations
and warranties, and breach of provisions of the September 2023 FirstFire Note or September 2023 FirstFire SPA. 

Upon
the occurrence of any event of default, the September 2023 FirstFire Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall
pay to FirstFire, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the principal sum then outstanding plus accrued
interest multiplied by 125 . Upon the occurrence of an event of default, additional interest will accrue from the date of the event of
default at the rate equal to the lower of 16 per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

The
September 2023 FirstFire SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things
and subject to certain exceptions, piggy-back registration rights with respect to the common stock underlying the September 2023 FirstFire
Note. In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the September 2023 FirstFire Note, the sum of the number of shares
of common stock that may be issued under the September 2023 FirstFire SPA and September 2023 FirstFire Note shall be limited to 480,156
as further described in the September 2023 FirstFire SPA, unless shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is obtained by the Company. 

11 

Acenzia
entered into a guaranty with FirstFire on September 18, 2023. Acenzia guaranteed the repayment of the September 2023 FirstFire Note and
granted FirstFire a security interest in Acenzia s assets, including but not limited to the property located at 1580 Rossi Drive,
Tecumseh, Ontario, Canada, which is junior in priority to the security interest granted by Acenzia to FirstFire. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the September 2023 FirstFire Note, on December 18, 2023, the Company made an interest-only payment of 8,333 to FirstFire.
On April 4, 2024, the Company issued 480,000 shares of common stock to FirstFire upon conversion of outstanding debt which consisted
of a principal amount of 195,016 and an interest amount of 8,333, for a total amount of 203,349. 

On
April 9, 2024, the Company paid the full balance owed on the September 2023 FirstFire Note in the principal amount of 82,761 and the
interest amount of 1,552. As of August 31, 2024, the September 2023 FirstFire Note was paid in full. 

Bylaws
Amendment 

On
September 27, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board adopted an amendment (the Bylaws Amendment to the Company s bylaws that had the effect of reducing the quorum at all meetings of the Company s stockholders for the
transaction of business, except as otherwise provided by statute or by the Company s articles of incorporation, as amended, to
one-third (33 of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy.
The Company s bylaws previously provided that the holders of a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital
stock of the Company entitled to vote would constitute a quorum at all meetings of stockholders for the transaction of business. 

2023
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
September 29, 2023, stockholders of the Company approved the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan. 

Reverse
Stock Split 

On
November 6, 2023, the Company effectuated the Reverse Stock Split effective immediately after the close of trading on the Nasdaq Capital
Market and the Company s common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on a Reverse Stock Split-adjusted basis on November
7, 2023. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every 10 pre-split shares of common stock outstanding became one share of common stock,
with fractional shares rounded up to the next higher whole share. The Reverse Stock Split did not affect the number of authorized shares
of common stock, the par value of the common stock, or modify any rights or preferences of shares of the Company s common stock.
Proportionate adjustments will be made to the exercise prices and the number of shares underlying the Company s outstanding equity
awards and warrants, as applicable. See Nasdaq Delisting below. 

Purchase
and Sale Agreement Ophir Collection 

On
November 21, 2023, the Company entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement Ophir Agreement between the Company and Blake
Alsbrook, solely in his capacity as Court-appointed successor receiver (the Successor Receiver in Ocean Thermal Energy
Corporation v. C. Robert Coe II, et al., United States District Court for the Central District of California (the Court Case No. 2:19-cv-04299 VAP (JPRx) (the Action ). Pursuant to the terms of the Ophir Agreement, the Company agreed to purchase,
and the Successor Receiver agreed to sell to the Company, the Ophir Collection (as hereinafter defined), subject to the contingencies
outlined in the Ophir Agreement, including Court approval, which was received on December 1, 2023. The Ophir Agreement was effective
upon execution by both parties; however, the Ophir Agreement was subject to approval by the Court. 

Pursuant
to the Court s July 2, 2019 order in the Action, as modified by the Court s February 25, 2022 order in the Action, the Successor
Receiver has possession of and right to sell a certain collection of 43 gemstones, 42 of which are certified by the Gemological Institute
of America, known as the Ophir Collection . Together, the Court s July 2, 2019 order appointing the original receiver,
the Court s December 3, 2019, order appointing the Successor Receiver, and the Court s February 25, 2022, order are referred
to collectively as the Receivership Orders. The Receivership Orders authorized the Successor Receiver to take sole custody,
possession, and control of the Ophir Collection and to sell, assign, transfer, convey and deliver title and rights in and to the Ophir
Collection subject to the approval of the Court to protect the interests of certain identified creditors. 

12 

Within
two business days following the Company s execution of the Ophir Agreement, the Company was required to, and did, deposit 25,000
with the Successor Receiver. In addition, to extend and maintain exclusivity related to the Ophir Agreement, (i) during the three month
period ended February 2024, the Company paid additional deposits, totaling 75,000, to the Successor Receiver; (ii) during the three-month
period ended May 2024, the Company paid additional deposits, totaling 100,000, to the Successor Receiver; and (iii) subsequent to the
period ended May 31, 2024, the Company paid an additional deposit, totaling 30,000, to the Successor Receiver for an aggregate deposit
amount of 230,000. These amounts are non-refundable. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Ophir Agreement, the Company agreed to pay 60,000,000 to the Successor Receiver to purchase the Ophir Collection.
On October 17, 2024, the Ophir Agreement was terminated. On such date, the Successor Receiver filed notice with the Court that the Successor
Receiver canceled, without objection by the Company, the Ophir Agreement. 

Clawback
Policy 

On
November 22, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors adopted a Compensation Recovery Policy (the Policy ). The Policy
is intended to further the Company s pay-for-performance philosophy and to comply with applicable law by providing for the reasonably
prompt recovery of certain incentive-based compensation received by executive officers in the event of an accounting restatement. The
Policy is intended to comply with, and will be interpreted in a manner consistent with, Section 10D of the Exchange Act, with Exchange
Act Rule 10D-1 and with the Nasdaq listing standards. The Company is evaluating the status of the Policy in light of the delisting from
the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Pursuant
to the Policy, if the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance by the Company with
any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously
issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement
if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (an Accounting Restatement ),
then the Compensation Committee must determine the Excess Compensation (as hereinafter defined), if any, that must be recovered. The
Company s obligation to recover Excess Compensation is not dependent on if or when the restated financial statements are filed.
The Company must recover Excess Compensation reasonably promptly and executive officers are required to repay Excess Compensation to
the Company, subject to the terms of the Policy. 

The
Policy applies to certain incentive-based compensation that is received on or after November 1, 2023, during the three completed fiscal
years immediately preceding the Accounting Restatement determination date, as provided in the Policy (the Covered Period while the Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange. The incentive-based compensation is considered
 Clawback Eligible Incentive-Based Compensation if the incentive-based compensation is received by a person after such person
became an executive officer and the person served as an executive officer at any time during the performance period to which the incentive-based
compensation applies. The Excess Compensation that is subject to recovery under the Policy is the amount of Clawback Eligible
Incentive-Based Compensation that exceeds the amount of Clawback Eligible Incentive-Based Compensation that otherwise would have been
received had such Clawback Eligible Incentive-Based Compensation been determined based on the restated amounts (this is referred to in
the listing standards as erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation ). 

Officer
Option Grant 

On
January 16, 2024, the Board of Directors granted to Christopher David, the Company s Chief Operating Officer and a member of the
Board of Directors, an option to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan.
The option was fully vested at grant and is exercisable until January 16, 2030. The option has an exercise price of 0.78 per share. 

13 

Nasdaq
Delisting 

On
February 9, 2024, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq s Listing Qualifications Staff indicating that, based upon the closing
bid price of the Company s common stock for the last 30 consecutive business days, the Company was not in compliance with the requirement
to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq
Capital Market, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Original Notice ). At that time, the Company was provided
a compliance period of 180 calendar days from the date of the Original Notice, or until August 7, 2024, to regain compliance with the
Minimum Bid Price Requirement, pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A). 

As
the Company did not regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement by August 7, 2024, and it was determined by the Nasdaq Staff
that the Company should not be eligible for another 180 calendar-day extension, the Company received a delisting determination letter
on August 9, 2024. The Company timely requested a hearing before a Nasdaq Hearing Panel Panel and provided the Panel
with a plan to regain compliance. The hearing request automatically stayed any suspension or delisting action pending the hearing and
the expiration of any additional extension period granted by the Panel following the hearing. 

On
November 4, 2024, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq indicating that the Company s common stock would be delisted from Nasdaq
and trading in the Company s common stock would be suspended at the open of trading on November 6, 2024. Beginning at the open
of trading on November 6, 2024, trading of the Company s common stock continued on the OTC Market s Pink Current Information
tier under the symbol NVOS. 

Departure
of Christopher David as President 

On
February 15, 2024, Mr. David, the Company s then-President, Chief Operating Officer and member of the Company s Board of
Directors informed the Company of his decision to voluntarily resign from his position as the Company s President effective as
of February 15, 2024. Mr. David did not resign as a result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s
operations, policies or practices. 

Appointment
of Robert Oliva as President 

Pursuant
to Mr. David s departure as President, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Robert Oliva as President, effective February
15, 2024. Mr. Oliva previously served the Company between January 26, 2021 and June 30, 2022 in the role of Director. During his time
as Director, Mr. Oliva has also served the Company as a member of the Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committees. On June 30, 2022, Mr. Oliva resigned from the Board of Directors. See Resignation of Robert Oliva. 

Streeterville
Capital, LLC April 2024 Note and SPA 

On
April 5, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the SPA with Streeterville, pursuant to which
the Company issued a secured convertible promissory note (the Note with a maturity date of April 8, 2025 (the Maturity
Date ), in the principal sum of 6,210,000 (the Principal Sum ). Pursuant to the terms of the Note, the Company agreed
to pay the Principal Sum to Streeterville and to pay interest on the principal balance at the rate of 10.9 per annum. The Note carries
an original issue discount OID of 660,000. In addition, 50,000 was withheld from the Principal Sum to cover Streeterville s
transaction costs. Accordingly, on April 8, 2024, Streeterville paid the purchase price of 5,500,000 in exchange for the Note. Upon
receipt of the Purchase Price, the Company repaid in full the remaining outstanding balances under that certain promissory note in the
original principal amount of 3,500,000 issued on September 12, 2023, as well as that certain promissory note in the original principal
amount of 277,777.77 issued on September 18, 2023. 

Streeterville
may convert the Note into the Company s common stock on any trading day (and the following trading day) that any intraday trade
price of the common stock is 10 greater than the closing trade price on the previous trading day (each a Voluntary Conversion ).
With respect to any Voluntary Conversion, the conversion price is equal to 85 of the lowest daily volume weighted average price of the
common stock on any trading day during the five trading day period prior to the respective conversion date (the Conversion Price ),
subject to adjustment as provided in the Note as well as beneficial ownership limitations. 

14 

Beginning
on October 8, 2024, Streeterville had the right to redeem up to 950,000 of the Note per calendar month. The Company is required to pay
such redemption amounts in cash, provided, however, that if certain equity conditions are satisfied, then the Company may pay all or
any portion of such applicable redemption amount by issuing shares of common stock at the applicable Conversion Price at such time. 

The
Company may prepay the Note at any time prior to the date that an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) (each an Event of
Default occurs at an amount equal to 105 of the Outstanding Balance (as defined below). Outstanding Balance means
the Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Note contains customary events of default relating to, among
other things, payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, and breach of covenants in the Note or SPA. 

Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Streeterville,
in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Outstanding Balance plus the Trigger Effect (as defined herein).
The Trigger Effect means 20 of the Outstanding Balance upon the occurrence of any Major Trigger Event (as defined in the
Note) and 5 of the Outstanding Balance upon the occurrence of any Minor Trigger Event (as defined in the Note). The Trigger Effect for
any Minor Trigger Event may occur up to three times. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from
the date of the Event of Default at the rate equal to the lower of 22 per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

In
addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the Note, the sum of the number of shares of common stock that may be issued
under the SPA and Note shall be limited to 19.99 of the outstanding common stock of the Company on April 5, 2024, unless shareholder
approval to exceed such limitation is obtained by the Company. The Company is required, under the terms of the Note, to seek shareholder
approval with respect to the transaction within six months of April 5, 2024. If the Company is unable to obtain such shareholder approval
within nine months of April 5, 2024, then the Company must repay the Note in cash. 

The
SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and subject to certain
exceptions, registration rights with respect to the common stock underlying the Note. The SPA also requires the Company to file a registration
statement covering Streeterville s resale of the common stock underlying the Note within 75 days of the closing date. 

In
connection with the Note and SPA, the Company and Streeterville also entered into a security agreement (the Security Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Security Agreement, the Company granted Streeterville a security interest in all of the assets of the Company. 

Acenzia,
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a guaranty with Streeterville on April 5, 2024 (the Acenzia Guaranty ).
Acenzia guaranteed the repayment of the Note and granted Streeterville a security interest in the assets of Acenzia, including but not
limited to the property located at 1580 Rossi Drive, Tecumseh, Ontario, Canada. Further, NHL, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,
entered into a guaranty with Streeterville on April 5, 2024 (the NHL Guaranty ). NHL guaranteed the repayment of the Note
and granted Streeterville a security interest in the assets of NHL. 

On
October 8, 2024, Streeterville notified the Company that it would redeem 950,000 of the Note. In lieu of payment by the Company to Streeterville
of 950,000, the Company and Streeterville agreed to a one-time fee in the amount of 142,500 (representing 15 of the 950,000 redemption
amount) payable by the Company to Streeterville. Such amount was added to the outstanding balance under the Note. On October 16, 2024,
Streeterville submitted a redemption notice in the amount of 142,500. On October 21, 2024, the Company issued 675,724 shares of common
stock to Streeterville in payment of the 142,500 redemption amount. Following such issuance, the outstanding balance under the Note
was 6,579,657.54. 

RC
Consulting Consortium Group LLC Amendment 

On
April 26, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with RC Consulting Consortium Group LLC RC in
favor of SCP Tourbillion Monaco or registered assigns (the Holder ), pursuant to which the Company issued an unsecured 15-year
promissory note to the Holder (the RC Note with a maturity date of April 26, 2038, in the principal sum of 70,000,000,
which amount represents the 57,000,000 purchase price plus a yield (non-compounding) of 1.52 (zero coupon) per annum from the issue
date. 

15 

On
June 3, 2024, the Company and RC Consulting Consortium Group LLC entered into an amendment (the June 2024 Amendment to
the RC Note. Pursuant to the terms of the June 2024 Amendment, at any time after 12 months and no later than 60 months from the commencement
of the term and prior to an event of default, if the Company s listed common stock closes over 15 per share for a period of five
consecutive trading days, the Company may (upon its sole discretion), prepay up to 50 of the outstanding RC Note in restricted shares
of the Company s common stock, as prescribed under Rule 144, at a value equal to 15 greater than the average closing price of
the Company s common stock over the five consecutive days above 15 per share. In the event the Company elects to prepay any outstanding
amount in restricted stock, upon the removal of the restriction, RC Consulting Consortium Group LLC (or its designates) will be limited
to selling no more than one-sixth the amount of shares available from the lifting of the Rule 144 restriction over a single 30-day period. 

Except
as set forth in the June 2024 Amendment, all other provisions and conditions of the Note remain in full force and effect, including the
Company s right, on 15 days prior written notice, to prepay the Note at any time prior to an event of default. 

Robert
Mattacchione Executive Agreement Amendment 

On
June 18, 2021, the Company entered into an executive agreement (the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement with GPE Global Holdings
Inc., an entity controlled by Robert Mattacchione and through which Mr. Mattacchione agreed to provide services to the Company GPE ).
Pursuant to the terms of the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement, Mr. Mattacchione agreed to serve as the Company s Chief Executive
Officer in exchange for the compensation set forth therein, and consistent with the terms thereof. Mr. Mattacchione also serves as the
Company s Chairman of the Board. 

On
June 18, 2024, the Company and GPE entered into an amendment to the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement (the Mattacchione Amendment ),
pursuant to which the parties agreed to extend the term of the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement by one year, such that the term of the
June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement will continue until June 18, 2025. Except as set forth in the Mattacchione Amendment, the June 2021
Mattacchione Agreement remains in full force and effect. See Resignation of Robert Mattacchione as Chief Executive Officer 
below. 

Christopher
David Executive Agreement Amendment 

On
June 18, 2021, the Company entered into an executive agreement (the June 2021 David Agreement with Christopher David.
Mr. David serves as the Company s Chief Operating Officer. 

On
June 18, 2024, the Company and Mr. David entered into an amendment to the June 2021 David Agreement (the David Amendment ),
pursuant to which the parties agreed to extend the term of the June 2021 David Agreement by one year, such that the term of the June
2021 David Agreement will continue until June 18, 2025. Additionally, the parties agreed to update Mr. David s title to Chief Operating
Officer of the Company, as opposed to President and Chief Operating Officer. Except as set forth in the David Amendment, the June 2021
David Agreement remains in full force and effect. 

Streeterville
Capital LLC SPA Amendment No. 1 

On
June 23, 2024, the Company and Streeterville entered into the First Amendment to the Transaction Documents (the First Amendment ),
pursuant to which (i) the Streeterville SPA was amended to provide that the Registration Statement may be filed on Form S-1 or S-3 and
the Registration Statement will be filed on or before July 3, 2024, and (ii) Streeterville waived any breach or default that occurred
under the Streeterville Note as of the June 23, 2024, if any, as a result of any breach by the Company relating to its failure to timely
file the Registration Statement. 

Resale
Registration Statement on Form S-1 

On
July 8, 2024, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-1 relating to the resale of up to 3,500,000 shares of the Company s
common stock by Streeterville issuable by the Company upon conversion of the Streeterville Note. The prices at which Streeterville may
sell the common stock will be determined by the prevailing market price for the shares or in negotiated transactions. The Company will
not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of common stock owned by Streeterville, and the Company will not receive any proceeds from
the conversion of the Streeterville Note. 

16 

Mast
Hill Fund, L.P. 

On
February 23, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Mast Hill SPA with Mast Hill, pursuant
to which the Company issued an 12 unsecured promissory note (the Mast Hill Note with a maturity date of February 23,
2024 (the Mast Hill Maturity Date ), in the principal sum of 573,000 (the Mast Hill Principal Sum ). In addition,
the Company issued a common stock purchase warrant for the purchase of up to 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock (the
 Mast Hill Warrant to Mast Hill pursuant to the Mast Hill SPA. Pursuant to the terms of the Mast Hill Note, the Company
agreed to pay the Mast Hill Principal Sum to Mast Hill and to pay interest on the principal balance at the rate of 12 per annum. The
Mast Hill Note carries an OID of 57,300. Accordingly, on the closing date, Mast Hill paid the purchase price of 515,700 in exchange
for the Mast Hill Note and the Mast Hill Warrant. Mast Hill may convert the Mast Hill Note into shares of the Company s common
stock at any time at a conversion price equal to 0.175 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the Mast Hill Note (including
but not limited to certain price protection provisions in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions)
as well as certain beneficial ownership limitations. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Mast Hill Note, the Company agreed to pay accrued interest monthly as well as the Mast Hill Principal Sum as follows:
(i) 57,300 on August 23, 2023, (ii) 57,300 on September 23, 2023, (iii) 57,300 on October 23, 2023, (iv) 100,000 on November 23, 2023,
(v) 100,000 on December 23, 2023, (vi) 100,000 on January 23, 2024, and (vii) all remaining amounts owed under the Mast Hill Note on
the Mast Hill Maturity Date (each of the aforementioned payments are an Amortization Payment ). If the Company fails to
make any Amortization Payment, then Mast Hill shall have the right to convert the amount of such respective Amortization Payment into
shares of common stock as provided in the Mast Hill Note at the lesser of (i) the then applicable conversion price under the Mast Hill
Note, or (ii) 85 of the lowest VWAP of the Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading days prior to the
respective conversion date. 

The
Company may prepay the Mast Hill Note at any time prior to the date that an Event of Default (as defined in the Mast Hill Note) occurs
at an amount equal to the Mast Hill Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest (no prepayment premium) plus 750
for administrative fees. The Mast Hill Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults, breach
of representations and warranties, and breach of provisions of the Mast Hill Note, Mast Hill Warrant, or Mast Hill SPA. 

Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Mast Hill Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Mast
Hill, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Mast Hill Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued
interest multiplied by 125 . Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from the date of the Event of
Default at the rate equal to the lower of 16 per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

The
Mast Hill Warrant is exercisable for five years from February 23, 2023, at an exercise price of 0.25 per share, subject to adjustment
as provided in the Mast Hill Warrant. The Mast Hill Warrant also contains certain cashless exercise provisions as well as price protection
provisions providing for adjustment of the number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of the Mast Hill
Warrant and the exercise price in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions. 

As
additional consideration for the purchase of the Mast Hill Note and pursuant to the terms of the Mast Hill SPA, on February 24, 2023,
the Company issued 95,500 restricted shares of common stock (the Commitment Shares to Mast Hill at closing. The Mast Hill
SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and subject to certain
exceptions, piggy-back registration rights with respect to the Commitment Shares as well as the shares of common stock underlying the
Mast Hill Note and the Mast Hill Warrant. In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the Mast Hill Note and the
Mast Hill Warrant, the sum of the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the Mast Hill SPA (including the Commitment
Shares), the Mast Hill Note, and the Mast Hill Warrant shall be limited to 19.99 of the issued and outstanding common stock on the closing
date (equal to 2,772,045 shares) as further described in the Mast Hill SPA, unless shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is
obtained by the Company. 

17 

On
August 24, 2023, the total principal and interest of 580,778 owed on the 573,000 Mast Hill Note was converted to 522,777 shares of
the Company s common stock at 1.11095 per share. As of August 31, 2024, the Mast Hill Note was paid in full. 

On
September 18, 2023, Mast Hill fully exercised all warrants issued pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 573,000 Mast Hill Warrant
Agreement, dated February 23, 2023. Under certain cashless exercise provisions, as well as price protection provisions providing for
adjustment of the number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of the Mast Hill Warrant, the Company issued
53,567 shares of the Company s common stock. As of August 31, 2024, all warrants granted under the 573,000 Mast Hill Warrant Agreement
have been exercised. 

FirstFire
Global Opportunities Fund, LLC 

On
March 21, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the SPA with FirstFire Global Opportunities
Fund, LLC FirstFire pursuant to which the Company issued an 12 unsecured promissory note (the 2023 FirstFire
Note with a maturity date of March 21, 2024, in the principal sum of 573,000 (the Principal Sum ). In addition,
the Company issued a common stock purchase warrant for the purchase of up to 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock (the
 2023 FirstFire Warrant to FirstFire pursuant to the SPA. Pursuant to the terms of the 2023 FirstFire Note, the Company
agreed to pay the Principal Sum to FirstFire and to pay interest on the principal balance at the rate of 12 per annum. The 2023 FirstFire
Note carries an OID of 57,300. Accordingly, on the closing date, FirstFire paid the purchase price of 515,700 in exchange for the 2023
FirstFire Note and the 2023 FirstFire Warrant. FirstFire may convert the 2023 FirstFire Note into the Company s common stock at
any time at a conversion price equal to 1.75 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the 2023 FirstFire Note (including but
not limited to certain price protection provisions in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions)
as well as certain beneficial ownership limitations. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the 2023 FirstFire Note, the Company agreed to pay accrued interest monthly as well as the Principal Sum as follows:
(i) 57,300 on September 21, 2023, (ii) 57,300 on October 21, 2023, (iii) 57,300 on November 21, 2023, (iv) 100,000 on December 21,
2023, (v) 100,000 on January 21, 2024, (vi) 100,000 on February 21, 2024, and (vii) all remaining amounts owed under the 2023 FirstFire
Note on the maturity date (each of the aforementioned payments are an Amortization Payment ). If the Company fails to make
any Amortization Payment, then FirstFire shall have the right to convert the amount of such respective Amortization Payment into shares
of common stock as provided in the 2023 FirstFire Note at the lesser of (i) the then applicable conversion price under the 2023 FirstFire
Note or (ii) 85 of the lowest VWAP of the Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading days prior to the
respective conversion date. 

The
Company may prepay the 2023 FirstFire Note at any time prior to the date that an event of default (as provided in the 2023 FirstFire
Note) occurs at an amount equal to the Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest (no prepayment premium) plus 750
for administrative fees. The 2023 FirstFire Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults,
breach of representations and warranties, and breach of provisions of the 2023 FirstFire Note, the 2023 FirstFire Warrant, or SPA. 

Upon
the occurrence of any event of default, the 2023 FirstFire Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to
FirstFire, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued interest
multiplied by 125 (the Default Amount ). Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from
the date of the Event of Default at the rate equal to the lower of 16 per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

The
2023 FirstFire Warrant is exercisable for five years from March 21, 2023, at an exercise price of 2.50 per share, subject to adjustment
as provided in the 2023 FirstFire Warrant. The 2023 FirstFire Warrant also contains certain cashless exercise provisions as well as price
protection provisions providing for adjustment of the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the 2023 FirstFire Warrants
and the exercise price in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions. 

18 

As
additional consideration for the purchase of the 2023 FirstFire Note and pursuant to the terms of the SPA, on March 22, 2023, the Company
issued 95,500 restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Commitment Shares to FirstFire at closing. The
SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and subject to certain
exceptions, piggy-back registration rights with respect to the Commitment Shares as well as the shares of common stock underlying the
2023 FirstFire Note and the 2023 FirstFire Warrant. In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the 2023 FirstFire
Note and the 2023 FirstFire Warrant, the sum of the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the SPA (including the
Commitment Shares), the 2023 FirstFire Note, and 2023 FirstFire Warrant shall be limited to 1,000,000 shares as further described in
the SPA, unless shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is obtained by the Company. 

On
September 21, 2023, the total principal and interest of 577,521 owed on the 573,000 FirstFire Note was converted to 519,845 restricted
shares of the Company s common stock at 1.11095 per share. As of August 31, 2024, the FirstFire 573,000 Note is paid in full. 

On
October 12, 2023, FirstFire fully exercised all warrants issued under the terms and conditions of the 573,000 FirstFire Warrant Agreement,
dated March 21, 2023. Under certain cashless exercise provisions, as well as price protection provisions providing for adjustment of
the number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of the Mast Hill Warrant, the Company issued 53,532 shares
of the Company s common stock. As of August 31, 2024, all warrants granted under the 573,000 FirstFire Warrant Agreement have
been exercised. 

Mast
Hill Fund, L.P. 445,000 Note, SPA, and Warrant 

On
June 20, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the MH 445,000 SPA with Mast Hill, pursuant
to which the Company issued an 12 unsecured promissory note (the MH 445,000 Note with a maturity date of June 20, 2024
(the MH 445,000 Maturity Date ), in the principal sum of 445,000 (the MH 445,000 Principal Sum ). In addition,
the Company issued a common stock purchase warrant for the purchase of up to 77,662 shares of the Company s common stock (the MH
 445,000 Warrant to Mast Hill pursuant to the MH 445,000 SPA. Pursuant to the terms of the MH 445,000 Note, the Company agreed
to pay the MH 445,000 Principal Sum to Mast Hill and to pay interest on the principal balance at the rate of 12 per annum. The MH 445,000
Note carries an OID of 44,500. Accordingly, on the Closing Date (as defined in the MH 445,000 SPA), Mast Hill paid the purchase price
of 400,500 in exchange for the MH 445,000 Note and MH 445,000 Warrant. Mast Hill may convert the MH 445,000 Note into the Company s
common stock at any time at a conversion price equal to 1.75 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the MH 445,000 Note (including
but not limited to certain price protection provisions in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions),
as well as certain beneficial ownership limitations. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the MH 445,000 Note, the Company agreed to pay accrued interest monthly as well as the MH 445,000 Principal Sum as
follows: (i) 44,500 on December 20, 2023, (ii) 44,500 on January 20, 2024, (iii) 44,500 on February 20, 2024, (iv) 77,661 on March
20, 2024, (v) 77,661 on April 20, 2024, (vi) 77,661 on May 20, 2024, and (vii) all remaining amounts owed under the MH 445,000 Note
on the MH 445,000 Maturity Date (each of the aforementioned payments are an MH 445,000 Amortization Payment ). If the
Company fails to make any MH 445,000 Amortization Payment, then Mast Hill shall have the right to convert the amount of such respective
MH 445,000 Amortization Payment into shares of common stock as provided in the MH 445,000 Note at the lesser of (i) the then applicable
conversion price under the MH 445,000 Note or (ii) 85 of the lowest VWAP of the common stock on any trading day during the five trading
days prior to the respective conversion date. 

The
Company may prepay the MH 445,000 Note at any time prior to the date that an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) (each an MH
 445,000 Event of Default occurs at an amount equal to the MH 445,000 Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid
interest (no prepayment premium) plus 750 for administrative fees. The MH 445,000 Note contains customary events of default relating
to, among other things, payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, and breach of provisions of the MH 445,000 Note,
the MH 445,000 Warrant, or the MH 445,000 SPA. 

Upon
the occurrence of any MH 445,000 Event of Default, the MH 445,000 Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall
pay to Mast Hill, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the MH 445,000 Principal Sum then outstanding
plus accrued interest multiplied by 125 . Upon the occurrence of an MH 445,000 Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from
the date of the MH 445,000 Event of Default at the rate equal to the lower of 16 per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

19 

The
MH 445,000 Warrant is exercisable for five years from June 20, 2023, at an exercise price of 2.50 per share, subject to adjustment
as provided in the MH 445,000 Warrant. The MH 445,000 Warrant also contains certain cashless exercise provisions, as well as price
protection provisions providing for adjustment of the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the MH 445,000 Warrant
and the exercise price in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions. 

As
additional consideration for the purchase of the MH 445,000 Note and pursuant to the terms of the MH 445,000 SPA, the Company issued
74,167 restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the MH 445,000 Commitment Shares to Mast Hill at closing.
The MH 445,000 SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and subject
to certain exceptions, piggy-back registration rights with respect to the MH 445,000 Commitment Shares as well as the shares of common
stock underlying the MH 445,000 Note and MH 445,000 Warrant. In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the MH
 445,000 Note and MH 445,000 Warrant, the sum of the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the MH 445,000 SPA (including
the MH 445,000 Commitment Shares), MH 445,000 Note, and MH 445,000 Warrant shall be limited to 1,772,045 as further described in the
MH 445,000 SPA, unless shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is obtained by the Company. 

Specific
to the MH 445,000 Note, on July 20, 2023, the Company made a monthly interest payment of 4,243. On August 21, 2023, the Company made
a monthly interest payment of 4,535. On September 21, 2023, the Company made a monthly interest payment of 4,535. On October 20, 2023,
the Company made a monthly interest payment of 4,389. 

On
October 23, 2023, Mast Hill fully exercised all warrants issued pursuant to the terms and conditions of the MH 445,000 Mast Hill Warrant
Agreement, dated June 20, 2023. Under certain cashless exercise provisions, as well as price protection provisions providing for adjustment
of the number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of the Mast Hill Warrant, the Company issued 138,703
restricted shares of the Company s common stock. 

On
December 21, 2023, the total principal and interest of 454,071 owed on the MH 445,00 Note was converted to 457,128 shares of the Company s
common stock at 1.11095 per share. As of August 31, 2024, the MH 445,000 Note is paid in full and all outstanding warrants have been
exercised. 

Registration
Statement on Form S-8 

On
September 23, 2024, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-282277) registering 2,500,000 shares of common
stock issuable pursuant to the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan. 

Resignation
of Robert Oliva 

On
October 25, 2024, Mr. Oliva resigned as President of the Company. His resignation was not a result of any disagreement with the Company
on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

Resignation
of Robert Mattacchione as Chief Executive Officer 

On
November 7, 2024, Mr. Mattacchione resigned as the Company s Chief Executive Officer , effective
90 days following the notification date (i.e. effective February 5, 2025). The 90-day notice period is intended to provide the Company
with a fluid transition and to allow the Company time to appoint a suitable replacement. Following the 90-day transition period, Mr.
Mattacchione intends to continue to serve as (i) the Company s Chairman of the Board, and (ii) Chairman of NHL, a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Mattacchione s resignation was not a result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter
relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

20 

Approval
of Reverse Stock Split 

On
November 22, 2024, stockholders approved the amendment of the Company s articles of incorporation, as amended, to effectuate a
reverse stock split of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock at a ratio of no less than 1-for-10 and no more than 1-for-30,
with such ratio to be determined at the sole discretion of the Board. Although stockholders approved such amendment, the Board may determine
in its discretion to abandon and to not effectuate the reverse stock split. 

Business
Growth Initiatives 

The
Company s mission is to provide excellence in multidisciplinary primary healthcare evaluation, assessment, diagnosis, treatment,
pain management and prevention through the integration of medical technology, advanced therapeutics, and rehabilitative science combined
with the development and distribution of high-quality health and wellness product solutions. Key elements of our business growth initiatives
include: 

Increase
 Market Share in Canada through Organic Growth, Asset Acquisition and Affiliate Network Expansion for both our Clinic and Eldercare
 Operations. Specific to our clinic operations, the Company has an ongoing initiative to expand our Canadian market share through
 organic growth, increasing our affiliate network of clinics, as well as strategic acquisitions and Joint Ventures of operating multidisciplinary
 primary healthcare clinics in markets in which we currently operate as well as new geographic markets. Specific to our eldercare
 based operations, we intend to increase our Canada market share of providing contracted-occupational therapy and physiotherapy services
 to eldercare centric homes through network affiliation growth, new contract awards, and increased usage of telemedicine. 

Expand
 Operations into the United States through: 

The
 introduction and deployment of our various interconnected technology platforms to deliver the Company s array of multidisciplinary
 primary care and related wellness products; 

The
 establishment of micro clinics in existing facilities through partnerships with existing U.S. based operators of healthcare related
 services and products such as pharmacies and big-box retail outlets; 

The
 strategic acquisition of targeted U.S. operating clinics in key geographical areas; 

The
 strategic acquisition of targeted U.S. operating pharmacies in key geographical areas; and 

Establishment
 of strategic affiliations, alliances and partnerships with existing U.S. healthcare provider facilities allowing us immediate access
 to their client base. 

Open
 Micro-Clinic Facilities through our Canada and U.S. LA Fitness Master Facility License Agreements. Micro-clinic facilities are
 reduced footprint clinics, primarily located within the footprint of box-store commercial enterprises, focused on providing both
 (i) multidisciplinary primary care and medical technology related services, and (ii) health and wellness products. Under the terms
 of our agreements with LA Fitness (U.S. and Canada), we are planning to operate micro-clinic facilities within the footprint of LA
 Fitness facilities throughout both the U.S. and Canada. Each micro-clinic exists through either third-party sub-license agreements
 or corporate sponsored arrangement. The Company s LA Fitness based micro-clinic facilities will primarily provide outpatient
 physiotherapy and occupational therapy services. 

21 

Further
 Development and Usage of Novo Connect and Telemedicine/Telehealth Medical Technology Platform. 

The
Company s focus on a holistic approach to patient-first health and wellness, through innovation and decentralization, includes
maintaining an on-going continuous connection with our current and future patient community, beyond the traditional confines of brick-and-mortar
facilities, by extending oversight of patient evaluation, diagnosis, treatment solutions, and monitoring, directly through various Medical
Technology Platforms and periphery tools either in-use or under development. Through the integration and deployment of sophisticated
and secure technology and periphery diagnostic tools, the Company is working to expand the reach of our non-critical primary care services
and product offerings, beyond the traditional clinic locations, to geographic areas not readily providing advanced primary care service
to date, including the patient s home. 

The
Company believes the healthcare industry is in the early stages of a fundamental transformation of the patient-practitioner-health insurer
relationship whereby the patient is demanding greater control and care collaboration for their health and wellness needs while the practitioner
desires dramatic improved efficiency in the delivery of their expertise to the patient. Through both internal development and partnerships,
the Company is working to provide the next generation of telehealth technology capability to offer the patient and the practitioner a
sophisticated and enhanced telehealth interaction through laptop, desktop or the Company s Novo Connect mobile application. 

Novo
Connect is the Company s proprietary mobile application designed and built to be a secure, cloud-based health and commerce web
application intended to assist patients as they explore, connect, manage, and have direct control of their personalized health and wellness
needs. Novo Connect is designed to integrate the Company s interconnected technology and provide patients with a single platform
with a robust healthcare ecosystem of services, products, and digital health offerings. 

Through
the interface of sophisticated peripheral based diagnostic tools, such as a blood pressure reading device, a derma scope, an ophthalmoscope
otoscope, and other add-ons operated by skilled support workers in the patient s remote location, the practitioner s ability
and comfort to provide a uniquely comprehensive evaluation, diagnosis, and treatment solution is dramatically elevated creating virtual
visits that are intended to be as real and as effective as a physical visit. 

Specific
to our eldercare operations, prior to COVID-19 our Telemedicine Medical Technology Platform was primarily focused on providing physiotherapy
related virtual-care services to both smaller and remote eldercare focused facilities to ensure access to service providers,
when needed; and continuity of care to eldercare patients without service providers in their area. With the profound impact COVID-19
has had on the delivery of healthcare services sector wide, we expanded our eldercare-related Telemedicine Medical Technology Platform
to include non-critical resident reviews, exercise related activity and additional physiotherapy sessions, ensuring continuity of service
for our long-term care and retirement home clients. 

Specific
to our Clinic based operations, the success of telemedicine has always depended on the adoption of virtual technology by clinicians,
medically licensed providers and the patient. A basic checklist approach to results allows both multidisciplinary clinicians and medically
licensed providers to remotely determine if direct medical attention is required rather than remote or virtual guidance to care. The
patient friendly telemedicine platform removes the traditional barrier represented by intimidating peripherals along with necessary precision
use and application of the peripherals to obtain accurate data necessary for appropriate diagnosis. A patient can now feel certain of
their role in the assessment process without sophisticated and exhaustive training. 

Develop
 and Launch our Remote Patient Monitoring Medical Technology Platform . Beyond the traditional confines of in-clinic visits, our
 Remote Patient Monitoring Medical Technology Platform RPM platform or RPM will provide clinicians and
 practitioners the ability to maintain an on-going continuous connection with their patient community extending patient care directly
 into the patient s home. Our RPM platform is intended to empower a patient to have direct control of collecting and monitoring
 real-time vital sign information while maintaining a direct technology link from patient to clinician or medical practitioner. The
 transfer of vital information from home to clinic or patient to clinician allows for the delivery of high quality, non-redundant
 diagnostic based proactive healthcare. The implementation of in-clinic patient metrics equivalent to those derived via a remote application
 in the home environment is the first step in engaging patient retention to remote review. 

22 

Build
 an Intellectual Property and Patent Portfolio . In addition to the Company s current portfolio of Intellectual Property
 (IP), patent-pending and patent assets, we intend to acquire or obtain licensing rights for IP and patents related to health sciences,
 health and wellness products, and nano-formulation. 
 
 When
 considering nano-formulation patent and IP assets, one specific area we intend to pursue relates to medical cannabis related medicines,
 beverages and foods infused with dry powder, liquid or oil with further formulation into creams and gels, allowing for oral, intravenous
 and/or transdermal delivery. 

Expand
 our Posture, Stride, and Kinetic Body Movement Scanning Technologies and Protocols. When combined with decades of data harvesting
 and analysis, we believe these specialized technologies and protocols provide our clinics with the ability to deliver better healthcare,
 through early diagnosis and preventative healthcare strategies, to both our patients and patients under the care of other providers. 

Launch
 our Exclusive Medicinal Cannabidiol CBD Product Platform based in Canada. As we continue to build our health
 science platform of services and products through the integration of technology and rehabilitative science, one component of our
 lateral business growth strategy includes developing business units centered on the direct control of the cultivation, processing,
 and manufacturing of CBD products in Canada, and the sale and distribution of medicinal CBD products in Canada. We expect our prospective
 medicinal CBD products will be specifically focused on CBD for use (i) as a treatment aid; (ii) to provide relief for a large array
 of neurological and musculoskeletal system disorders; and (iii) as an alternative option for healthcare providers in place of prescribing
 opioids to patients. 

Offering
our patients access to non-hallucinogenic and non-addictive natural remedies, under required clinical oversight policies and procedures
as they relate to medicinal CBD, combined with our existing clinic-based treatment protocols, allows us to enter this market segment
with a unique integration model not readily available in the marketplace. 

LA
Fitness U.S. and Canada License Agreement Guaranty for Micro Clinics 

In
September 2019, through its U.S. subsidiary Novomerica Health Group, Inc. Novomerica and its Canadian subsidiary, Novo
Healthnet Limited, the Company entered into exclusive Master Facility License Agreements License Agreement to establish
and operate reduced footprint clinics, or micro-clinics , to provide outpatient physical and/or occupational therapy services
and related products within LA Fitness facilities in both the U.S. and Canada. In March 2020, as a result of guidelines issued by local,
state, federal, and provincial authorities due to the COVID-19 pandemic, LA Fitness U.S. and Canada closed all facilities nationwide.
As a result, all contractual terms and conditions of both our U.S. and Canada Master Facility License Agreements were placed on hold
through fiscal year 2021 with all parties expressing the intent to amend both the U.S. and Canada License Agreements and related timelines
to launch our LA Fitness micro-clinic facilities as normal activity resumes in the LA Fitness U.S. and Canada facilities. 

On
December 15, 2021, NHL entered into an Amended and Restated Master Facility License Agreement (the Amended and Restated Canada
License Agreement with LAF Canada Company LA Fitness Canada ). The Amended and Restated Canada License Agreement
had the effect of (i) removing NHL s obligation to develop and open a certain number of facilities within certain designated time
periods; and (ii) revising the default provisions such that certain defaults will result only in termination with respect to a specific
facility, rather than of the license itself. As a result of the Amended and Restated Canada License Agreement, NHL may continue to develop
and open additional facilities for business. The initial location is in the Brampton Ontario LA Fitness facility with more locations
to follow in Ontario province. 

We
cannot guarantee that the U.S. License Agreement will be amended to allow for an extension of its timeline. Opening of our micro-clinic
facilities may vary from state to state; however, our model plan to partner and sub-license with existing local clinic ownership to launch
and operate in U.S. based LA Fitness locations remains intact and we are unable to verify our schedule to commence opening our micro-clinics
in U.S. based LA Fitness locations. 

Contracts 

Certain
contracts held with client homes and client companies follow standard formats and include generally accepted terms of reference. Specific
clauses within the NHL contracts for services contain language intended to (1) clarify which entity is the health information custodian
of the medical files (usually held by the client home or company), (2) define release of liability, (3) ensure privacy and confidentiality
of proprietary information or private health information, (4) define provisions of worker s compensation clearance or benefits
for employees and/or contractors, (5) detail provisions of value-added items, services or programs, (6) set out terms and conditions
of the contract (often for a set number of years with an option to a renew), (7) provide for termination conditions, and (8) detail invoicing
and billing procedures. 

23 

Employees 

As
of August 31, 2024, we employed 115 full-time employees and 149 part-time employees across all Company subsidiaries. Specific to our
clinic and eldercare services, approximately 90 of our clinicians and practitioners are contracted as independent contractors. We believe
that a diverse workforce is important to our success. We will continue to focus on the hiring, retention and advancement of women and
underrepresented populations, and to cultivate an inclusive and diverse corporate culture. In the future, we intend to continue to evaluate
our use of human capital measures or objectives in managing our business such as the factors we employ or seek to employ in the development,
attraction and retention of personnel and maintenance of diversity in our workforce. 

The
success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety
and wellness of our employees. We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient
health and wellness programs, including benefits that provide protection and security so they can have peace of mind concerning events
that may require time away from work or that impact their financial well-being; that support their physical and mental health by providing
tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health status and encourage engagement in healthy behaviors; and that offer
choice where possible so they can customize their benefits to meet their needs and the needs of their families. 

We
also provide robust compensation and benefits programs to help meet the needs of our employees. We believe that we maintain a satisfactory
working relationship with our employees and have not experienced any labor disputes. 

Competition 

In
both Canada and the U.S., the primary healthcare service sector in which we operate is highly competitive. Specific to both our clinic
and eldercare operations, with a finite number of patients and corporate clients, companies providing multidisciplinary primary healthcare
services operate within an overlapping patient and client landscape. 

Our
principal competitors include other multidisciplinary primary healthcare providers, clinics, pharmacies, other micro clinic-oriented
facilities, hospitals, and general primary care facilities. An important part of our business strategy is to continue making targeted
acquisitions of other multidisciplinary primary healthcare providers. However, reduced capacity, the passage of healthcare parity legislation,
and increased demand for multidisciplinary primary healthcare related services and products are likely to attract other potential buyers,
including diversified healthcare companies, other pure-play multidisciplinary primary healthcare providers, companies, and private equity
firms. 

In
addition to the competition we face for acquisitions, we must also compete for patients. Patients are referred to our multidisciplinary
primary healthcare facilities through a number of different sources, including healthcare practitioners, public programs, other treatment
facilities, insurance providers, legal practitioners, and word of mouth from previously treated patients and their families, among others.
These referral sources may instead refer patients to other providers of services similar to ours. 

There
is additional competition from non-traditional healthcare providers, such as holistic and Eastern medicine-based clinics. We believe
we can successfully compete based on providing high-quality specialized multidisciplinary primary healthcare services, products, meaningful
interconnected technology applications, competitive pricing, building and maintaining a solid reputation and our caregiver s devotion
to maintaining the highest quality patient satisfaction. 

The
health and wellness product industry is highly competitive. Our ability to remain competitive depends on many factors, including having
relevant products that meet consumer needs, enhanced education and tools, innovation in our products and services, competitive pricing,
a strong reputation, and a financially viable company. 

24 

Health
Insurance Plans 

Additionally,
our ability to effectively compete for patients is impacted by commercial and managed care payor programs that influence patient choice
by offering health insurance plans that restrict patient choice of provider. 

Canadian
Healthcare System 

Our
competition will also be the Canadian healthcare system which is a government sponsored system that began in 1957, when Parliament approved
the Hospital Insurance and Diagnostics Services Act. The Act provided free acute hospital care, laboratory and radiological diagnostic
services to Canadians. By 1961, agreements were in place with all the provinces and 99 of Canadians had free access to the healthcare
services covered by the legislation. The Act was followed by the Medical Care Act of 1966 that provided free access to physician services.
By 1972, each province had established its own system of free access to physician services. The federal government shared in the funding.
In 1984, the Government of Canada passed the Canada Health Act (CHA). The Canada Health Act created a publicly administered healthcare
system that is comprehensive, universal and accessible. All medically necessary procedures are provided free of charge. The system provides
diagnostic, treatment and preventive services regardless of income level or station in life. Access to care is not based on health status
or ability to pay. Coverage is portable between provinces and territories. We can give no assurance that we will be able to effectively
compete in this market. 

Government
Regulation and Healthcare Regulation 

Canada 

In
Canada, some healthcare services are public, some are private and there are a number of different entities involved in regulating and
providing their delivery. While there is a perception that all healthcare in Canada is publicly funded, the publicly funded system is
generally restricted to medically necessary hospital and physician services, and provincial or territorial drug plans that
provide access to prescription drugs to residents over the age of 65 or those residents who rely on social assistance programs. Publicly
funded services are delivered through a combination of public and private providers and funding comes from the Canadian federal government,
which sets national standards, and the provincial and territorial governments, which regulates the delivery of services and determines
those services that are deemed medically necessary (i.e., publicly funded) within the context of their own unique fiscal
and political environment. In addition, there are a wide array of health products and services that are not subject to coverage under
the public health insurance plans that are provided on a private payer basis. See Risks Related to our Multidisciplinary Primary
Healthcare Business . 

Federal/Provincial
Government Division of Power 

As
is the case for many important industries and economic sectors, neither the federal, nor the provincial/territorial level of government
has exclusive jurisdiction over health. Instead, the Constitution Act, 1867, divides the legislative powers relevant to the regulation
of the delivery of health products and services between the federal and provincial levels of government. 

The
federal government is responsible for regulating important aspects of various health industries or sectors including the regulation of
selling, importing, distributing and marketing of drugs and medical devices and maintains significant influence over health policy and
national objectives through the use of its spending power. 

The
provincial/territorial level of government has comprehensive authority over the delivery of healthcare services. Other examples of provincial
responsibility include the regulation of hospitals and other health facilities, administration of health insurance plans, distribution
of prescription drugs and regulation of health professionals. 

However,
many health industry sectors are subject to at least some degree of regulation or oversight by both levels of government. 

25 

Canada s
National Health Insurance Program 

Canada s
 national health insurance program, a publicly funded single-payer system often referred to as Medicare, is
designed to ensure that all Canadian residents have universal access to medically necessary hospital and physician services through the
provincial and territorial healthcare insurance plans. 

The
Canada Health Act 

The
Canada Health Act is the federal legislation that provides the foundation for the Canadian healthcare system. The Act is administered
by Health Canada, the federal department with primary responsibility for maintaining and improving the health of Canadians. However,
neither the Canada Health Act nor Health Canada have direct authority to regulate the health insurance plans that give effect to the
publicly funded health insurance system that is in place across the country. Instead, the Act establishes certain values and principles
and sets out criteria and conditions that each publicly funded health insurance plan is required to meet in order to qualify for federal
funding through the Canada Health Transfer. As federal funding is critical to the ability to fund medically necessary hospital
and physician services, each provincial and territorial health insurance plan must satisfy the requirements of public administration;
universality; portability; comprehensiveness; and accessibility. 

Notably,
these requirements relate only to funding and administration and establish broad principles rather than a prescriptive code. In addition,
the Canada Health Act is silent with respect to the delivery of health services and does not prohibit or discourage the delivery of insured
health services by the private sector. As a result, there is significant variation in the funding and administration of health insurance
plans from one jurisdiction to another. However, most provinces permit the delivery of a broad range of publicly funded health services
through a combination of both public and private providers. Indeed, many publicly funded services in Canada are privately delivered. 

The
requirement that publicly funded health insurance plans be comprehensive requires that medically necessary hospital and
physician services be covered. If a service is determined to be medically necessary then the full cost of the service must
be covered by the public plan. However, the term is not defined and the services that must be covered are intentionally and broadly defined
in order to accommodate the ability of each province and territory to make its own coverage decisions within the context of its unique
fiscal and political environment. Typically, such decisions are made in consultation with the relevant medical associations in the jurisdiction.
However, determining whether a particular service is medical necessary is a determination that has both a fiscal and political
dimension. Ultimately, these coverage decisions are decisions about the allocation of scarce public resources. 

The
products and services available to Canadians through the publicly funded health insurance system are supplemented by a wide array of
health products and services that are not, as a general matter, subject to coverage under the public health insurance plans. For example,
prescription drug coverage, dental services and vision care are generally provided on a private payer basis. However, many jurisdictions
provide coverage for these types of services to seniors and those who face financial or other barriers to privately funded healthcare.
There are also a growing number of providers that offer non-medically necessary ancillary health services. Examples include elective
surgical or cosmetic procedures. 

Regulation
of Health Professionals and Health Facilities 

Health
professionals and healthcare facilities are subject to federal laws of general application, but the regulation of such matters is largely
a matter of provincial jurisdiction. 

Health
Professionals 

Through
legislation, the provinces have delegated the regulation of health professionals to self-governing professional bodies (with varying
degrees of discretion). Such legislation generally seeks to protect the public through a combination of input regulations 
that focus on who is entitled to provide a particular health service and output regulations that focus on the quality and
delivery of the service being provided. Such regulations also generally include conflict of interest (or anti-kickback) provisions, as
such matters are generally dealt with as part of the regulation of health professions rather than the regulation of health facilities. 

26 

Health
industry participants that offer a particular service need to understand how the service is regulated. If the service involves the performance
of a regulated or controlled act (i.e., acts that can only be performed by a particular category or categories of regulated health professionals
or their delegates) then the involvement of one or more duly qualified health professionals will likely be required. Also, it may be
necessary to implement certain protocols and procedures in order to comply with the requirements of the regulatory colleges that govern
the practices of any such professionals. Complying with such requirements can have significant commercial implications. 

Health
Facilities 

Operating
a regulated health facility can be challenging and often involves a degree of regulatory risk. 

Residential
healthcare facilities other than hospitals, such as nursing homes, long-term care facilities, pharmacies, laboratories and specimen collection
clinics are, in most jurisdictions, privately owned and operated pursuant to provincial licenses and oversight. However, the degree to
which such health facilities and other providers are regulated generally depends on the nature of the products and services being provided. 

The
operation of health facilities by private sector entities still typically involves some element of reimbursement through public funds.
Where public funds are being used to acquire goods and services, additional accountability measures such as procurement requirements
often apply. 

Regulation
of Drugs 

The
process of obtaining marketing authorizations and approvals of prescription drugs is administered by Health Canada s Therapeutic
Products Directorate TPD ). 

The
TPD applies the Food and Drugs Act and the regulations applicable to prescription drugs to ensure that drug products sold in Canada are
safe and effective. No drug product can be offered for sale in Canada unless and until, after review, it is issued a marketing authorization
by Health Canada. 

In
addition to its review of drug products, Health Canada is responsible for the ongoing monitoring of drug products being sold in Canada,
as well as the regulation of good manufacturing practices and establishment licenses, which are required in connection with the import,
manufacture, distribution and/or sale of drug products. 

The
Patented Medicines Prices Review Board 

The
Patented Medicines Prices Review Board PMPRB is an independent quasi-judicial body created in 1987 under amendments to
the Patent Act. The PMPRB is responsible for regulating the prices that patentees charge for prescription and non-prescription patented
drugs sold in Canada. Based on a review of the information required to be filed by a patentee, the PMPRB considers whether the price
of a medicine appears excessive based on certain factors including: (i) the prices that the patented medicine is sold in the Canadian
market; (ii) the prices at which other medicines in the same therapeutic class are sold in the Canadian market; and (iii) the prices
at which the medicine and other medicines in the same therapeutic class have been sold in other countries other than Canada. If the PMPRB
considers the price of a medicine appears excessive, revised pricing is the usual outcome. 

Public
Market Access 

Each
province has a provincial drug plan that allows certain individuals to access drugs at a reduced cost. Products that will be paid for
by the provincial government (in some provinces, for all residents, while in others for certain prescribed individuals such as seniors
and individuals receiving social assistance), are typically listed on provincial formularies. For innovator products, the manufacturer
negotiates the pricing for inclusion on the provincial formulary with the provincial government. For generic products, the price to be
paid for the generic product is determined by a sliding scale of fixed prices related to when such products enter the market and the
price of the innovator product (i.e., a percent of the price of the innovator pharmaceutical product depending on whether they are first,
second or third entry products). If a drug is a generic product and listed as interchangeable on the provincial formulary, a pharmacist
is permitted to dispense the interchangeable product for the innovator product. Under most provincial benefit plans, interchanging a
generic product for the innovator product by pharmacists is mandatory and generally most provinces will only reimburse the pharmacist
for the lowest cost interchangeable product. Government drug plans account for approximately 50 of all sales of prescription drugs in
Canada. 

27 

The
scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to constant change. Federal and provincial enforcement entities
have significantly increased their scrutiny of healthcare companies and providers which has led to investigations, prosecutions, convictions
and large settlements. Although we conduct our business in compliance with all applicable federal and provincial fraud and abuse laws,
many of these laws are broadly worded and may be interpreted or applied in ways that cannot be predicted with any certainty. Therefore,
we cannot assure you that our arrangements or business practices will not be subject to government scrutiny or that they will be found
to be in compliance with applicable fraud and abuse laws. Further, responding to investigations can be time consuming and result in significant
legal fees and can potentially divert management s attention from the Company. 

Client
Information Privacy 

In
Canada, under the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act and under various provincial laws, comprehensive privacy
laws have been introduced to protect the privacy of individuals from the undisclosed or non-consensual sharing of sensitive information
for commercial purposes. As the gathering and use of information is such an integral component of our business, we must always be alert
for and respond to changes in the information regulatory environment. 

Protection
of Environment and Human Health and Safety 

We
are subject to various federal, state and local and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and human health and safety,
including those governing the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites and the maintenance
of a safe workplace. Some of our operations include the use, generation and disposal of hazardous materials. We also plan to acquire
ownership in new facilities and properties, some of which may have had a history of commercial or other operations. We may, in the future,
incur liability under environmental statutes and regulations with respect to contamination of sites we own or operate, including contamination
caused by prior owners or operators of such sites, abutters or other persons, and the off-site disposal of hazardous substances. Violations
of these laws and regulations may result in substantial civil penalties or fines. 

United
States 

The
United States healthcare industry is subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local governments. Government regulation affects
our businesses in several ways, including requiring licensure or certification of facilities, regulating billing and payment for certain
of our services, regulating how we maintain health-related information and patient privacy, and regulating how we pay and contract with
our physicians. Our ability to conduct our business and to operate profitability depends in part upon obtaining and maintaining all necessary
licenses and other approvals; and complying with applicable healthcare laws and regulations. See Risk Factors Risks Related
to Healthcare Regulation. 

State
Law Regulation of Construction, Acquisition or Expansion of Healthcare Facilities 

Thirty-six
states have certificate of need programs that require some level of prior approval for the construction of a new facility, acquisition
or expansion of an existing facility, or the addition of new services at various healthcare facilities. Following the acquisition of
one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, states where we may seek to operate may require
a certificate of need to acquire or operate our clinics. 

State
Licensure 

Only
a few states may require the licensure of multidimensional primary healthcare clinics and clinics such as ours. This absence of a uniform
licensing process leads to inconsistencies in the nature and scope of services offered at our care clinics. To effectively control both
the nature of services rendered and the environment in which services are offered, state legislators or regulators may attempt to regulate
the urgent care industry in a manner similar to hospitals and freestanding emergency rooms. Following the acquisition of one or more
clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, such regulations could have a material impact on our growth
strategy and expansion plans. 

28 

Laws
and Rules Regarding Billing 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics or the staffing of multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinics, affiliate clinics or eldercare centric homes with clinicians and practitioners in the United States, numerous
state and federal laws may apply to our claims for payment, including but not limited to (i) coordination of benefits rules
that dictate which payor must be billed first when a patient has coverage from multiple payors, (ii) requirements that overpayments be
refunded within a specified period of time, (iii) reassignment rules governing the ability to bill and collect professional
fees on behalf of other providers, (iv) requirements that electronic claims for payment be submitted using certain standardized transaction
codes and formats, and (v) laws requiring all health and financial information of patients in a manner that complies with applicable
security and privacy standards. 

Additionally,
on January 16, 2009, the United States Department of Health and Human Services HHS ), released the final rule (implemented
on October 1, 2015) mandating that providers covered by the Administrative Simplification Provisions of the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), including our clinics, comply with ICD-10. Following the acquisition of one or
more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, we will incur additional compliance related costs. 

Medicare
and Medicaid 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics or the staffing of multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinics, affiliate clinics or eldercare centric homes with clinicians and practitioners in the United States, our
clinics and multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians and practitioners, including any staffing we might pursue in affiliate clinics
or eldercare centric homes in the United States, might participate in the federal Medicare and/or Medicaid programs. 

Since
1992, Medicare has paid for the medically necessary services of physicians, non-physician practitioners, clinicians and
certain other suppliers under a physician fee schedule, a system that pays for covered physicians services furnished to a person
with Medicare Part B coverage. Under the physician fee schedule, relative values are assigned to each of more than 7,000 services to
reflect the amount of work, the direct and indirect (overhead) practice expenses, and the malpractice expenses typically involved in
furnishing that service. Each of these three relative value components is multiplied by a geographic adjustment factor to adjust the
payment for variations in the costs of furnishing services in different localities. Relative value units, or RVUs, are summed for each
service and then are multiplied by a fixed-dollar conversion factor to establish the payment amount for each service. The higher the
number of RVUs assigned to a service, the higher the payment. Under the Medicare fee-for-service payment system, an individual can choose
any licensed physician enrolled in Medicare and use the services of any healthcare provider or facility certified by Medicare. 

On
November 2, 2017, the Clinics for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS issued a final rule updating the Quality Payment
Program QPP under the Medicare and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 MACRA ). MACRA was signed into law
on April 16, 2015, ending the Sustained Growth Rate SGR formula for determining Medicare spending on physician services.
MACRA created two provider payment tracks the Medicare Incentive Payment System MIPS and the Advanced Alternative
Payment Models A-APM track. Under MIPS, clinicians receive an annual composite score, which drives either an upward or
downward rate adjustment two years after the performance period. Under the A-APM track, participants in Medicare Alternative Payment
Models that exceed specified levels of clinician risk become MIPS-exempt and receive special bonuses equivalent to 5 of their annual
Part B revenue. MACRA requirements on clinicians are already in effect for calendar year 2017, with payment adjustments under the new
system due to start in 2019. However, in rulemaking last year, CMS significantly scaled back MIPS requirements for Performance Year 2017
to address concerns about physician buy-in and participation. Under the Final Rule, CMS would continue this go slow trajectory
for MIPS, notably by increasing MIPS exemptions and once again scaling back potential downside payment adjustments through design of
the MIPS scoring system. Reductions in Medicare payments could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

29 

CMS s
RAC Program 

The
Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 MMA introduced on a trial basis the use of Recovery
Audit Contractors RACs for the purpose of identifying and recouping Medicare overpayments and underpayments. Any overpayment
received from Medicare is considered a debt owed to the federal government. In October 2008, CMS made the RAC program permanent. RACs
review Medicare claims to determine whether such claims were appropriately reimbursed by Medicare. RACs engage in an automated review
and in a complex review of claims. Automated reviews are conducted when a review of the medical record is not required and there is certainty
that the service is not covered or is coded incorrectly. Complex reviews involve the review of all underlying medical records supporting
the claim and are generally conducted where there is a high likelihood, but not certainty, that an overpayment has occurred. RACs are
paid a contingency fee based on overpayments they identified and collected. 

A
Medicare administrative contractor, or MAC, may suspend Medicare payments to a provider if it determines that an overpayment has occurred.
When a Medicare claim for payment is filed, the MAC will notify the patient and the provider of its initial determination regarding reimbursement.
The MAC may deny the claim for one of several reasons, including the lack of necessary information or lack of medical necessity for the
services rendered. Providers may appeal any denials for claim payment. 

Anti-Kickback
Statute 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics or the staffing of multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinics, affiliate clinics or eldercare centric homes with clinicians and practitioners in the United States, if we
are participants in the Medicare program, we will be subject to the Anti-kickback Statute. The Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits the knowing
and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of remuneration, directly or indirectly, in return for the referral of patients or
arranging for the referral of patients, or in return for the recommendation, arrangement, purchase, lease or order of items or services
that are covered, in whole or in part, by a federal healthcare program such as Medicare or Medicaid. The term remuneration 
has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value such as gifts, discounts, rebates, waiver of payments or providing anything
at less than its fair market value. The ACA amended the intent requirement of the Anti-Kickback Statute such that a person or entity
can be found guilty of violating the statute without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violation the statute. Further,
the ACA now provides that claims submitted in violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitute false or fraudulent claims for purposes
of the civil False Claims Act FCA including the failure to timely return an overpayment. Many states have adopted similar
prohibitions against kickbacks and other practices that are intended to influence the purchase, lease or ordering of healthcare items
and services reimbursed by a governmental health program or state Medicaid program. Some of these state prohibitions apply to remuneration
for referrals of healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial payors. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics or the staffing of multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinics, affiliate clinics or eldercare centric homes with clinicians and practitioners in the United States, if we
accept funds from governmental health programs, we will be subject to the Anti-Kickback Statute. Violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute
can result in exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs as well as civil and criminal penalties, such as 25,000
per violation and up to three times the remuneration involved. If in violation, we may be required to enter into settlement agreements
with the government to avoid such sanctions. Typically, such settlement agreements require substantial payments to the government in
exchange for the government to release its claims, and may also require entry into a Corporate Integrity Agreement CIA ).
Any such sanctions or obligations contained in a CIA could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

False
Claims Act 

The
federal civil FCA prohibits providers from, among other things, (1) knowingly presenting or causing to be presented, claims for payments
from the Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs that are false or fraudulent; (2) knowingly making, using or causing
to be made or used, a false record or statement to get a false or fraudulent claim paid or approved by the federal government; or (3)
knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay
money to the federal government. The qui tam or whistleblower provisions of the FCA allow private individuals
to bring actions under the FCA on behalf of the government. These private parties are entitled to share in any amounts recovered by the
government, and, as a result, the number of whistleblower lawsuits that have been filed against providers has increased
significantly in recent years. Defendants found to be liable under the FCA may be required to pay three times the actual damages sustained
by the government, plus mandatory civil penalties for each separate false claim. 

30 

There
are many potential bases for liability under the FCA. The government has used the FCA to prosecute Medicare and other government healthcare
program fraud such as coding errors, billing for services not provided, and providing care that is not medically necessary or that is
substandard in quality. The ACA also provides that claims submitted in connection with patient referrals that results from violations
of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitute false claims for the purpose of the FCA with some courts determining that a violation of the
Stark law can result in FCA liability as well. In addition, a number of states have adopted their own false claims and whistleblower
provisions whereby a private party may file a civil lawsuit in state court. Following the acquisition of one or more clinics or staffing
primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, we will be required to provide information to our employees and certain contractors
about state and federal false claims laws and whistleblower provisions and protections. 

Civil
Monetary Penalties Statute 

The
federal Civil Monetary Penalties statute prohibits, among other things, the offering or giving of remuneration to a Medicare or Medicaid
beneficiary that the person or entity knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider
or supplier of items or services reimbursable by a federal or state healthcare program. 

Electronic
Health Records 

As
required by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, the Secretary of HHS has developed and implemented an incentive payment
program for eligible healthcare professionals that adopt and meaningfully use electronic health record, or EHR, technology. HHS uses
the Provider Enrollment, Chain and Ownership System, or PECOS, to verify Medicare enrollment prior to making EHR incentive program payments.
If our employed professionals are unable to meet the requirements for participation in the incentive payment program, including having
an enrollment record in PECOS, we will not be eligible to receive incentive payments that could offset some of the costs of implementing
EHR systems. Further, healthcare professionals that fail to demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology are subject to reduced
payments from Medicare. System conversions to comply with EHR could be time consuming and disruptive for physicians and employees. Failure
to implement EHR systems effectively and in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results
of operations. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics or the staffing of multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinics, affiliate clinics or eldercare centric homes with clinicians and practitioners in the United States, we will
convert certain of our clinical and patient accounting information system applications to newer versions of existing applications or
altogether new applications. In connection with our implementation and conversions, we will likely incur capitalized costs and additional
training and implementation expenses. 

Privacy
and Security Requirements of Our Business Lines 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics or the staffing of multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinics, affiliate clinics or eldercare centric homes with clinicians and practitioners in the United States, numerous
federal and state laws and regulations, including HIPAA and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, as
amended HITECH will govern the collection, dissemination, security, use and confidentiality of patient-identifiable health
information. As required by HIPAA, HHS has adopted standards to protect the privacy and security of this health-related information.
The HIPAA privacy regulations contain detailed requirements concerning the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information
and the grant of certain rights to patients with respect to such information by covered entities. We believe that all or
substantially all of our entities qualify as covered entities under HIPAA. We will take actions to comply with the HIPAA privacy regulations
including the creation and implementation of policies and procedures, staff training, execution of HIPAA-compliant contractual arrangements
with certain service providers and various other measures. Although we believe we will be in substantial compliance, ongoing implementation
and oversight of these measures involves significant time, effort and expense. 

31 

In
addition to the privacy requirements, HIPAA covered entities must implement certain administrative, physical, and technical security
standards to protect the integrity, confidentiality and availability of certain electronic health-related information received, maintained,
or transmitted by covered entities or their business associates. Although we have taken actions in an effort to be in compliance with
these security regulations, a security incident that bypasses our information security systems causing an information security breach,
loss of PHI, or other data subject to privacy laws or a material disruption of our operational systems could have a material adverse
effect on our business, along with fines. Furthermore, ongoing implementation and oversight of these security measures involves significant
time, effort and expense. 

Further,
HITECH, as implemented in part by an omnibus final rule published in the Federal Register on January 25, 2013, further requires that
patients be notified of any unauthorized acquisition, access, use, or disclosure of their unsecured protected health information, or
PHI, that compromises the privacy or security of such information. HHS has established the presumption that all unauthorized uses or
disclosures of unsecured PHI constitute breaches unless the covered entity or business associate establishes there is a low probability
that the information has been compromised. HITECH and implementing regulations specify that such notifications must be made without unreasonable
delay and in no case later than 60 calendar days after discovery of the breach. Breaches affecting 500 patients or more must be reported
immediately to HHS, which will post the name of the breaching entity on its public website. Furthermore, breaches affecting 500 patients
or more in the same state or jurisdiction must also be reported to the local media. If a breach involves fewer than 500 people, the covered
entity must record it in a log and notify HHS of such breaches at least annually. These breach notification requirements apply not only
to unauthorized disclosures of unsecured PHI to outside third parties but also to unauthorized internal access to or use of such PHI. 

The
scope of the privacy and security requirements under HIPAA was substantially expanded by HITECH, which also increased penalties for violations.
Penalties for violations of these laws vary. For instance, penalties for failure to comply with a requirement of HIPAA and HITECH vary
significantly, and include significant civil monetary penalties and, in certain circumstances, criminal penalties with fines up to 250,000
per violation and/or imprisonment. In addition, numerous breach incidents could lead to possible penalties in excess of 1.68 million.
A person who knowingly obtains or discloses individually identifiable health information in violation of HIPAA may face a criminal penalty
of up to 50,000 and up to one-year imprisonment. The criminal penalties increase if the wrongful conduct involves false pretenses or
the intent to sell, transfer or use identifiable health information for commercial advantage, personal gain or malicious harm. The amount
of penalty that may be assessed depends, in part, upon the culpability of the applicable covered entity or business associate in committing
the violation. Some penalties for certain violations that were not due to willful neglect may be waived by the Secretary
of HHS in whole or in part, to the extent that the payment of the penalty would be excessive relative to the violation. HITECH also authorized
state attorneys general to file suit on behalf of residents of their states. Applicable courts may be able to award damages, costs and
attorneys fees related to violations of HIPAA in such cases. HITECH also mandates that the Secretary of HHS conduct periodic compliance
audits of a cross-section of HIPAA covered entities and business associates. Every covered entity and business associate is subject to
being audited, regardless of the entity s compliance record. 

State
laws may impose more protective privacy restrictions related to health information and may afford individuals a private right of action
with respect to the violation of such laws. Both state and federal laws are subject to modification or enhancement of privacy protection
at any time. We are subject to any federal or state privacy-related laws that are more restrictive than the privacy regulations issued
under HIPAA. These statutes vary and could impose additional requirements on us and more severe penalties for disclosures of health information.
If we fail to comply with HIPAA, similar state laws or any new laws, including laws that address data confidentiality, security or breach
notification, we could incur substantial monetary penalties and substantial damage to our reputation. 

States
may also impose restrictions related to the confidentiality of personal information that is not considered PHI under HIPAA, including
certain identifying information and financial information of our patients. These state laws may impose additional notification requirements
in the event of a breach of such personal information. Failure to comply with such data confidentiality, security and breach notification
laws may result in substantial monetary penalties. 

HIPAA
and HITECH also include standards for common healthcare electronic transactions and code sets, such as claims information, plan eligibility
and payment information. Covered entities such as the Company and each of our clinics will be required to conform to such transaction
set standards. 

32 

Telemedicine
Medical Technology Platform, RPM Technology Platform and Novo Connect Medical Technology Platform (each, a Medical Technology
Platform and collectively, Medical Technology Platforms 

Both
our telemedicine Medical Technology Platform and RPM Medical Technology Platform are operational in Canada on a very limited usage basis,
but are primarily in development. Our Novo Connect Medical Technology Platform is under development with limited commercialization. All
of our Medical Technology Platforms are subject to governmental healthcare regulations in Canada including, but not limited to, the Canada
Health Act. While our Medical Technology Platforms are not currently operational in the United States, once operational our Medical Technology
Platforms usage will be subject to United States laws, regulations, and directives such as, but not limited to, Medicare, Medicaid,
RAC, Anti-Kick Back Statute, False Claims Act, Civil Monetary Penalties Statute, HIPAA, and HITECH. In addition, we will be subject to
data privacy, security and breach notification requirements of United States federal, state, and local statutes and other data privacy
and security laws. 

Our
Medical Technology Platforms are intended to collect and transmit a patient s personal data, vital statistics and other medical
history information, and both are subject to governmental healthcare regulations, data privacy, security and breach notification requirements
of United States federal, state, and local statutes and other data privacy and security laws. 

Stark
Law 

Our
Medical Technology Platforms, once fully operational in the United States, will provide patients with real-time access to third-party
primary care medically licensed physicians, specialists, nurses and nurse practitioners in various medical disciplines as well as multidisciplinary
primary care clinicians. Because we will participate through our Medical Technology Platforms in the Medicare program, we will also be
subject to the Stark Law. Unlike the Fraud and Abuse Law, the Stark Law is a strict liability statute. Proof of intent to violate the
Stark Law is not required. Physical therapy services are among the designated health services . Further, the Stark Law has
application to the Company s management contracts with individual physicians, physician groups, multidisciplinary primary care
clinicians, as well as any other financial relationship between us and referring physicians, specialists, nurses and nurse practitioners
in various medical disciplines as well as multidisciplinary primary care clinicians, including any financial transaction resulting from
a clinic acquisition. The Stark Law also prohibits billing for services rendered pursuant to a prohibited referral. Several states have
enacted laws like the Stark Law. These state laws may cover all (not just Medicare and Medicaid) patients. Many federal healthcare reform
proposals in the past few years have attempted to expand the Stark Law to cover all patients as well. As with the Fraud and Abuse Law,
we consider the Stark Law in operating our Medical Technology Platforms and intend to operate our Medical Technology Platforms in compliance
with the Stark Law. If we violate the Stark Law, our financial results and operations could be adversely affected. Penalties for violations
include denial of payment for the services, significant civil monetary penalties, and exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 

E-Commerce 

We
are subject to general business regulations and laws as well as Federal and provincial regulations and laws specifically governing the
Internet and e-commerce. Existing and future laws and regulations may impede the growth of the use of the Internet, availability of economic
broadband access, or other online services, and increase the cost of providing our digital delivery of content and services. These regulations
and laws may cover taxation, tariffs, user privacy, data protection, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, electronic contracts
and other communications, consumer protection, broadband internet access and the characteristics and quality of services. It is not clear
how existing laws which govern issues such as property ownership, sales, use and other taxes, libel and personal privacy apply to the
internet and e-commerce. Unfavorable resolution of these issues may harm our business and results of operations. 

33 

Medical
Cannabidiol Product Offering (Future Growth Initiative) 

As
discussed in Business Growth Initiatives above, we intend to develop business units centered on the direct
control of the cultivation, processing, and manufacturing of CBD products in Canada, and the sale and distribution of medicinal CBD products
in Canada. We expect our prospective medicinal CBD products will be specifically focused on CBD for use (i) as a treatment aid; (ii)
to provide relief for a large array of neurological and musculoskeletal system disorders; and (iii) as an alternative option for healthcare
providers in place of prescribing opioids to patients. 

Offering
our patients access to non-hallucinogenic and non-addictive natural remedies, under required clinical oversight policies and procedures
as they relate to medicinal cannabis and medicinal CBD, combined with our existing clinic-based treatment protocols, allows us to enter
this market segment with a unique integration model not readily available in the marketplace. 

Cannabis
Versus Hemp 

While
hemp and cannabis are both derived from the same species (Cannabis sativa), there are major differences in the characteristics of the
respective plant strains that produce industrial hemp on the one hand, and cannabis products on the other. In short, hemp is a strain
of the Cannabis sativa plant that is grown primarily for use in industrial applications. It has been specifically cultivated to produce
a low tetrahydrocannabinol THC content and a high cannabidiol content. THC is the psychoactive constituent of cannabis
and is responsible for producing the effects of the drug. CBD is another active ingredient present in Cannabis sativa plants, and it
largely acts to neutralize the psychoactive effects of THC. Since hemp strains have extremely low levels of THC and high levels of CBD,
they do not produce psychoactive effects when ingested. 

Canada 

Cannabis
is legal in Canada for both recreational and medicinal purposes. Medicinal use of cannabis was legalized nationwide on July 30, 2001
under conditions outlined in the Marijuana for Medical Purposes Regulations, later superseded by the Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes
Regulations, issued by Health Canada and seed, grain, and fiber production was permitted under license by Health Canada. The federal
Cannabis Act came into effect on October 17, 2018 and made Canada the second country in the world to formally legalize the cultivation,
possession, acquisition and consumption of cannabis and its by-products. 

As
set out in the Canadian cannabis regulations: 

Licenses
 are required for: 

cultivating
 and processing cannabis, 

sale
 of cannabis for medical purposes or recreational purposes, and 

analytical
 testing of and research with cannabis. 

Permits
 are required to import or export: 

cannabis
 for scientific or medical purposes, and 

industrial
 hemp. 

License
 holders are subject to strict physical and personnel security requirements. 

Plain
 packaging is required for cannabis products. 

The
 regulations set out strict requirements for logos, colors and branding. 

Cannabis
 products must also be labeled with mandatory health warnings, a standardized cannabis symbol, and specific information about the
 product. 

Access
 to cannabis for medical purposes continues to be provided for patients who need it. 

Manufacturers
 of prescription drugs containing cannabis, while primarily subject to the Food and Drugs Act and its regulations, are also subject
 to certain regulatory requirements set out in the Canadian Cannabis regulations. 

34 

Patients
authorized by their healthcare provider are still able to access cannabis for medical purposes by: 

buying
 directly from a federally licensed seller, 

registering
 with Health Canada to produce a limited amount of cannabis for their own medical purposes, or 

designating
 someone to produce it for them. 

Under
the new regulations, there are improvements for patients accessing cannabis for medical purposes from federally licensed sellers. These
improvements include: 

the
 ability to request the return of their medical document from a federally licensed seller, 

the
 ability to request the transfer of their medical document to a different federally licensed seller, 

that
 the effective date on the registration document will be the day it is issued, rather than the day the medical document was signed
 by the healthcare provider, 

removal
 of the 30-day limitation period for buying cannabis from a federally licensed seller (to ensure no break in a patient s supply), 

a
 broader range of permitted products, and 

access
 to an increasing number of licensed producers and sellers (Health Canada has licensed more producers in the last year than in the
 four previous years combined), which enables: 

competitive
 prices, 

more
 supply of cannabis, and 

an
 increased availability of a range of products. 

United
States 

Until
2014, when 7 U.S. Code 5940 became federal law as part of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014 Farm Act ), products
containing oils derived from hemp, notwithstanding a minimal or non-existing THC content, were classified as Schedule I illegal drugs.
The 2014 Farm Act expired on September 30, 2018, and was thereafter replaced by the Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018 on December
20, 2018 (the 2018 Farm Act ), which amended various sections of the U.S. Code, thereby removing hemp, defined as cannabis
with less than 0.3 of THC, from Schedule 1 status under the Controlled Substances Act CSA ), and legalizing the cultivation
and sale of hemp at the federal level, subject to compliance with certain federal requirements and state law, among other things. THC
is the psychoactive component of plants in the cannabis family generally identified as marihuana or marijuana. We anticipate that our
prospective medicinal CBD products will be federally legal in the United States in that they will contain less than 0.3 of THC in compliance
with the 2018 Farm Bill guidelines and will have no psychoactive effects on our patients and customers bodies. Notwithstanding,
there is no assurance that the 2018 Farm Act will not be repealed or amended such that our prospective products containing hemp-derived
CBD would once again be deemed illegal under federal law. 

The
2018 Farm Bill also shifted regulatory authority from the Drug Enforcement Administration to the Department of Agriculture. The 2018
Farm Bill did not change the United States Food and Drug Administration s FDA oversight authority over CBD products.
The 2018 Farm Act delegated the authority to the states to regulate and limit the production of hemp and hemp derived products within
their territories. Although many states have adopted laws and regulations that allow for the production and sale of hemp and hemp derived
products under certain circumstances, no assurance can be given that such state laws may not be repealed or amended such that our intended
products containing hemp-derived CBD would once again be deemed illegal under the laws of one or more states now permitting such products,
which in turn would render such intended products illegal in those states under federal law even if the federal law is unchanged. In
the event of either repeal of federal or of state laws and regulations, or of amendments thereto that are adverse to our prospective
medical CBD products, we may be restricted or limited with respect to those products that we may sell or distribute, which could adversely
impact our intended business plan with respect to such intended products. 

35 

Additionally,
the FDA has indicated its view that certain types of products containing CBD may not be permissible under the United States Federal Food,
Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA ). The FDA s position is related to its approval of Epidiolex, a marijuana-derived prescription
medicine to be available in the United States. The active ingredient in Epidiolex is CBD. On December 20, 2018, after the passage of
the 2018 Farm Bill, FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb issued a statement in which he reiterated the FDA s position that, among other
things, the FDA requires a cannabis product (hemp-derived or otherwise) that is marketed with a claim of therapeutic benefit, or with
any other disease claim, to be approved by the FDA for its intended use before it may be introduced into interstate commerce and that
the FDCA prohibits introducing into interstate commerce food products containing added CBD, and marketing products containing CBD as
a dietary supplement, regardless of whether the substances are hemp-derived. Although we believe our prospective medicinal CBD product
offering will comply with applicable federal and state laws and regulations, legal proceedings alleging violations of such laws could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
do not intend to offer, and we do not intend to compete with companies that offer, cannabis products containing high levels of psychoactive
THC. Although legal in some states and in Canada, we do not intend to enter into this market. We may offer prospective medicinal CBD
(hemp-based) products to patients and customers but will not compete with any medical or recreational marijuana sellers of products for
high THC content sales due to legal and regulatory restrictions and uncertainty in the United States. Because of regulatory challenges
facing marijuana companies in the United States, the vast majority of the companies focused on THC are Canadian and foreign, although
several have begun to pursue domestic activities in states that permit marijuana sales. Federal law does not generally recognize marijuana
(or hemp that exceeds 0.3 THC) as lawful, although that may change in the future. 

Corporate
History 

Novo
Integrated Sciences, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware on November 27, 2000, under the name Turbine Truck Engines, Inc. On February 20,
2008, Novo Integrated was re-domiciled to the State of Nevada. Effective July 12, 2017, the Company s name was changed to Novo
Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Since
inception and through May 9, 2017, our activities and business operations were limited to raising capital, organizational matters and
the implementation of our business plan related to research, development, testing and commercialization of various alternative energy
technologies. 

On
September 5, 2013, NHL was incorporated under the laws of Ontario province Canada. On September 16, 2013, Novo Assessments Inc., Novo
Community Care Inc, and Novo Healthnet Rehab Limited were formed, under the laws of Ontario province Canada, as wholly owned subsidiaries
of NHL. On September 20, 2013, Novo Community Care Inc. s name was changed to Novo Peak Health Inc. On September 30, 2013, NHL
acquired substantially all the assets of the following operational Ontario Canada based entities, (i) Peak Health LTC Inc.; (ii) ICC
Healthnet Canada Inc. and its related companies; and (iii) Michael Gaynor Physiotherapy Professional Corporation, operating as Back on
Track. On November 18, 2014, Novo Healthnet Kemptville Centre, Inc., was formed under the laws of Ontario province Canada, with NHL owning
an 80 interest. On April 1, 2017, NHL purchased substantially all of the assets of APKA Health, an occupational therapy entity operating
in Ontario province Canada. 

Acquisition
of Novo Healthnet Limited 

On
April 25, 2017 (the Effective Date ), the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement by and between (i) the Company; (ii) NHL; (iii) ALMC-ASAP Holdings Inc. ALMC (iv) Michael Gaynor Family Trust (the MGFT 
(v) 1218814 Ontario Inc. 1218814 and (vi) Michael Gaynor Physiotherapy Professional Corp.; and collectively ALMC, MGFT
and 1218814 herein referred to as the NHL Shareholders ). Pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company
agreed to acquire, from the NHL Shareholders, all of the shares of both common and preferred stock of NHL, held by the NHL Shareholders,
in exchange for the issuance by the Company, to the NHL Shareholders, shares of the Company s common stock, such that following
the closing of the Share Exchange Agreement, the NHL Shareholders would own 1,677,975 restricted shares of Company common stock, representing
85 of the issued and outstanding Company common stock, calculated including all granted and issued options or warrants to acquire the
Company common stock as of the Effective Date, but to exclude shares of Company common stock that are subject to a then-current Regulation
S Offering that was undertaking by the Company (the Exchange ). 

On
May 9, 2017, the Exchange closed and, as a result, NHL became a wholly owned subsidiary of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

36 

Acquisition
of Executive Fitness Leaders 

On
December 1, 2017, the Company, NHL and Executive Fitness Leaders, located in Ottawa Ontario Canada, entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement,
pursuant to which NHL acquired substantially all of the assets of Executive Fitness Leaders in exchange for the issuance, by the Company,
of 3,842 restricted shares of its common stock. 

Formation
of Novomerica Health Group, Inc. in U.S. 

On
November 3, 2017, Novomerica Health Group, Inc. was incorporated, under the laws of the state of Nevada, as a wholly owned subsidiary
of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. for the purpose of expanding the Company s operations into the United States. 

Novo
Peak Health Inc. Amalgamated with NHL 

On
September 25, 2018, Novo Peak Health, Inc. was amalgamated with Novo Healthnet Limited. 

Assignment
of Joint Venture Agreement 

On
January 7, 2019, 2478659 Ontario Ltd. 247 and Kainai Cooperative Kainai entered into a Joint Venture
Agreement (the Joint Venture Agreement for the purpose of developing, managing and arranging for financing of greenhouse
and farming projects involving hemp and cannabis cash crops on Kainai related lands, and developing additional infrastructure projects
creating jobs and food supply to local communities. On January 8, 2019, we and 247 entered into an Agreement of Transfer and Assignment,
pursuant to which 247 agreed to sell, assign and transfer to the Company all rights, contracts, contacts and any and all other assets
related in any way to the Joint Venture Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Joint Venture Agreement, as assigned to us, the parties
will work in a joint venture relationship with the Company providing the finance, development and operation of the project, including
sales, and Kainai providing the land and approvals for the development of the projects. 

The
joint venture will distribute to the Company and Kainai all net proceeds after debt and principal servicing and repayment allocation,
as well as operating capital allotment, on a ratio equal to 80 to the Company and 20 to Kainai. 

The
Joint Venture Agreement has an initial term of 50 years and Kainai may renew the Joint Venture Agreement within five years of the expiry
of the initial term upon mutual agreement. 

On
January 30, 2019, pursuant to the terms of the Joint Venture Agreement, the Company issued 120,000 restricted common shares to 247 with
a value of 21,600,000. 

Acquisition
of Societe Professionnelle de Physiotherapie M Dignard, carrying on business as Action Plus Physiotherapy Rockland 

On
July 22, 2019, the Company and Societe Professionnelle de Physiotherapie M Dignard, carrying on business as Action Plus Physiotherapy
Rockland and providing physiotherapy and related ancillary services APPR ), entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement APA pursuant to which APPR agreed to sell, assign and transfer to the Company, free and clear of all encumbrances, other than permitted encumbrances,
and the Company agreed to purchase from APPR all of APPR s right, title and interest in and to all of its assets, with the exception
of certain limited exclusions, and the rights, privileges, claims and properties of any kind whatsoever that are related thereto, whether
owned or leased, real or personal, tangible or intangible, of every kind and description and wheresoever situated. 

37 

Pursuant
to the terms of the APA, the purchase price is determined as six times APPR s purported EBITDA, equaling CAD 300,000, of which,
APPR (1) received a cash payment of CAD 175,000; and (2) was issued CAD 125,000 worth of the Company s common stock, par value
 0.001, as restricted common shares pursuant to an exemption from registration as set forth in Regulation S under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Pursuant to the terms of the APA, APPR was issued 846 restricted common shares
of the Company s common stock as consideration for the CAD 125,000 payment owed to APPR. On the business day immediately preceding
the closing date of the APA, determined as July 19, 2019, the CAD-to-USD conversion rate, per x-rates.com, was 0.7644 which converts
CAD 125,000 to 95,550 rounded to the nearest whole number dollar amount. Based on the determined 30-trading day closing average price
per share of 113, the calculated number of the Company s restricted common shares issued to APPR was 846 shares, which includes
rounding the calculation up to the nearest whole number of shares. 

The
transaction closed on July 22, 2019. The purchase of these assets was not considered significant for accounting purposes; therefore,
pro-forma financial statements were not presented. 

Intellectual
Property Asset Purchase Agreement 

On
December 17, 2019, the Company entered into that certain Intellectual Property Asset Purchase Agreement (the APA by and
between the Company and 2731861 Ontario Corp. (the Seller ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase, and Seller
agreed to sell (the Acquisition ), proprietary designs for an innovative cannabis dosing device, in addition to designs,
plans, procedures, and all other material pertaining to the application, construction, operation, and marketing of a cannabis business
under the regulations of Health Canada (the Intellectual Property ). Pursuant to the terms of the APA, the purchase price
of the intellectual property is 80,000 shares of restricted common stock of the Company. The Acquisition closed on December 17, 2019. 

Acquisition
of PRO-DIP, LLC 

On
May 24, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of PRO-DIP, a New York state limited liability company in the business of providing
nutritional oral energy and medicinal supplement pouches through a proprietary process, under the terms and conditions of a Share Exchange
Agreement, dated May 11, 2021, resulting in PRO-DIP being a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company issued 18,980 restricted
shares of common stock and 10,000 in cash as full consideration for the transaction. 

Acquisition
of Acenzia Inc. 

On
May 28, 2021, the Company and NHL entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the ACZ SEA by and among the Company and NHL,
on the one hand, and Acenzia Inc., Avec8 Holdings Inc., Ambour Holdings Inc., Indrajit Sinha, Grant Bourdeau and Derrick Bourdeau, on
the other hand (collectively the ACZ Shareholders ). On June 24, 2021, pursuant to the terms of the ACZ SEA, the acquisition
of Acenzia by NHL closed. The closing purchase price may be adjusted within 90 days of the closing date pending completion of an audit
and working capital requirement provisions (the Post-Closing Purchase Price Adjustment ). On October 22, 2021, the parties
(i) set the final Purchase Price, as determined by the Post-Closing Purchase Price Adjustment, at a value of 14,162,795, and (ii) agreed
to the issuance of that number of NHL Exchangeable Shares (as defined in the ACZ SEA) exchangeable into 362,220 restricted shares of
Company common stock at an agreed upon price of 39.10 allotted for the ACZ Shareholders as provided for in the ACZ SEA. The price of
the Company s common stock on the closing date was 25.50; therefore the purchase price for accounting purposes was 9,236,607. 

Joint
Venture Agreement with EK-Tech Solutions Inc. to Form MiTelemed+ Inc. 

On
October 8, 2021, the Company and NHL completed a Joint Venture Agreement (the MiTelemed+ JV with EK-Tech Solutions Inc. EK-Tech to establish the joint venture company MiTelemed+ Inc., an Ontario province Canada corporation MiTelemed+ ),
to operate, support, and expand access and functionality of EK-Tech s enhanced proprietary Telehealth platform. At closing, EK-Tech
contributed all intellectual property, source code, and core data of the iTelemed platform, valued at CAD 1,500,000, and NHL issued to
EK-Tech, non-voting NHL Exchangeable Special Shares, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances, which are issued solely for the purpose
of EK-Tech to exchange, for 18,500 restricted shares of Company s common stock solely upon EK-Tech meeting terms and conditions
for exchange of the NHL Exchangeable Special Shares as defined in the MiTelemed+ JV. Additionally, MiTelemed+ is contracted with EK-Tech
to operate, maintain, support, provide software hosting, and for further development of iTelemed s capabilities. NHL is responsible
for global commercialization as well as fulfilling all administrative functions for the JV. The net profits and net losses of the JV
will be split 50/50 between NHL and EK-Tech. 

38 

Terragenx
Share Exchange Agreement 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company and NHL entered into that certain Share Exchange Agreement (the Terra SEA ), dated as of
November 17, 2021, by and among the Company, NHL, Terragenx Inc. Terra ), TMS Inc. TMS ), Shawn Mullins,
Claude Fournier, and The Coles Optimum Health and Vitality Trust COHV and collectively with TMS, Mr. Mullins and Mr. Fournier,
the Terra Shareholders ). Collectively, the Terra Shareholders own 91 of the outstanding shares of Terra (the Terra
Purchased Shares ). 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Terra SEA, NHL agreed to purchase from the Terra Shareholders, and the Terra Shareholders agreed to sell to NHL,
the Terra Purchased Shares on the closing date, in exchange for payment by NHL of the purchase price (the Purchase Price of CAD 500,000 (approximately 398,050) (the Exchange ). The Purchase Price was to be paid with the issuance, by NHL to
the Terra Shareholders, of certain non-voting NHL special shares exchangeable into restricted shares of the Company s common stock
(the NHL Exchangeable Shares ). The total shares of Company common stock allotted in favor of the Terra Shareholders was
calculated at a per share price of 33.50. 

The
Exchange closed on November 17, 2021. At the closing of the Exchange, (i) the Terra Shareholders transferred to NHL a total of 910 shares
of Terra common stock, representing 91 of Terra s outstanding shares, and (ii) a total of 100 NHL Exchangeable Shares were issued
to the Terra Shareholders, which NHL Exchangeable Shares are exchangeable into a total of 11,883 restricted shares of the Company s
common stock. As a result of the Exchange, NHL has 91 ownership of Terra and full control of the Terra business. 

The
Terra SEA contains customary representations, warranties and closing conditions. 

Mullins
Asset Purchase Agreement 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company entered into that certain Asset Purchase Agreement (the Mullins APA ), dated as of November
17, 2021, by and between the Company and Terence Mullins. Pursuant to the terms of the Mullins APA, Mr. Mullins agreed to sell, and the
Company agreed to purchase, all of Mr. Mullins right, title and interest in and to certain assets directly and indirectly related
to any and all iodine-based related products and technologies as specified in the Mullins APA (the Mullins IP Assets ),
in exchange for a purchase price of CAD 2,500,000 (approximately 1,990,250) which is to be paid as follows: 

(a) 
 CAD 2,000,000
 (approximately 1,592,200) is to be issued or allotted to Mr. Mullins only after patent-pending status, in the U.S. or internationally,
 is designated for all Mullins IP Assets (the Mullins IP Assets CAD 2m Shares ), as either restricted shares of Company
 common stock or NHL Exchangeable Shares, as determined by Mr. Mullins. Once issued or allotted, the Mullins IP Assets CAD 2m Shares
 will be held in escrow pending registration and approval for all Mullins IP Assets, and 

(b) 
 CAD 500,000
 (approximately 398,050) is to be issued in the form of 11,883 restricted shares of Company common stock, free and clear of all liens,
 pledges, encumbrances, charges, or known claims of any kind, nature, or description, upon closing of the Mullins APA 

All
shares issued or allotted under the terms and conditions of the Mullins APA are calculated at a value of 33.50 per share. 

In
addition, the Company will pay a royalty equal to 10 of net revenue (net profit) of all iodine related sales reported through the Company
or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries for a period equal to the commercial validity of the intellectual property. 

The
Mullins APA includes customary representations and warranties and closing conditions. 

39 

Share
Exchange Agreement to Acquire 50.1 of 12858461 Canada Corp. 

On
March 1, 2022, the Company and NHL completed a Share Exchange Agreement (the 1285 SEA with 12858461 Canada Corp. 1285 ),
a Canada federal corporation in the business of providing clinic-based physiotherapy and related ancillary services and products, and
Prashant A. Jani, a Canadian citizen and sole shareholder of 1285 (the 1285 Shareholder to acquire 50.1 ownership of
1285 for a purchase price of 68,000 (the 1285 Purchase Price paid with the issuance, by NHL to the 1285 Shareholder,
of certain non-voting NHL Exchangeable Special Shares which can only be utilized for the purpose of exchange into an allotment of 1,700
restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Parent 1285 SEA Shares at the determination of the 1285 Shareholder.
The number of Parent 1285 SEA Shares was calculated by dividing the 1285 Purchase Price by 40.00 per share. 

Asset
Purchase Agreement with Poling Taddeo Hovius Physiotherapy Professional Corp., operating as Fairway Physiotherapy and Sports Injury Clinic 

On
March 1, 2022, the Company and NHL completed an Asset Purchase Agreement (the PTHPC APA with Poling Taddeo Hovius Physiotherapy
Professional Corp. PTHPC ), operating a clinic-based physiotherapy, rehabilitative, and related ancillary services and
products business known as Fairway Physiotherapy and Sports Injury Clinic FAIR ), and Jason Taddeo, a Canadian citizen
and the sole shareholder of PTHPC (the PTHPC Shareholder ), Under the terms and conditions of the PTHPC APA, PTHPC agreed
to sell, assign and transfer to NHL, free and clear of all encumbrances, other than permitted encumbrances, and NHL agreed to purchase
from PTHPC all of PTHPC s right, title and interest in and to all of its assets related to FAIR and the FAIR Business, with the
exception of certain limited exclusions, and the rights, privileges, claims and properties of any kind whatsoever that are related thereto,
whether owned or leased, real or personal, tangible or intangible, of every kind and description and wheresoever situated. Under the
terms and conditions of the PTHPC APA, the purchase price is 627,000 (the FAIR Purchase Price paid with the issuance,
by NHL to the PTHPC Shareholder, of certain non-voting NHL Exchangeable Special Shares which can only be utilized for the purpose of
exchange into an allotment of 15,675 restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Parent PTHPC APA Shares at the determination of the PTHPC Shareholder. The number of Parent PTHPC APA Shares was calculated by dividing the FAIR Purchase Price
by 40.00 per share. Effective April 1, 2024, all parties agreed to terminate the PTHPC APA with all parties relieved of any further
financial or equity consideration. 

Membership
Interest Purchase Agreement with Clinical Consultants International LLC 

On
March 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the CCI Agreement by and among the
Company, Clinical Consultants International LLC CCI ), each of the members of CCI (the Members ), and Dr.
Joseph Chalil as the representative of the Members. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the CCI Agreement, among other things, the CCI Members will sell and assign to the Company all of their membership interests
of CCI, in exchange for a total of 80,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Exchange Shares ( CCI
Acquisition ). The Exchange Shares will be apportioned among the Members pro rata based on their respective membership interest
ownership percentage of CCI. Following the closing of the CCI Acquisition (the Closing ), the Company will own 100 of the
issued and outstanding membership interests of CCI, and the CCI Members or their designees will collectively own 80,000 restricted shares
of the Company s common stock. The restricted shares were issued on April 7, 2022. 

This
CCI Acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition, as substantially all of the fair value of the assets being acquired under
the arrangement was concentrated in the customer. Accordingly, the 1,704,000 purchase price was primarily allocated to the customer
relationships intangible asset, for 1,701,814, and amortized over an estimated useful life of 5 years. The remaining purchase price
was allocated to cash and cash equivalents. 

40 

Pursuant
to the terms of the CCI Agreement, the Company agreed to (i) name, at the Closing, Dr. Chalil as the Chief Medical Officer of the Company
and the President of Novomerica Healthcare Group, Inc., which is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, (ii) enter into an employment
agreement with Dr. Chalil, and (iii) name Dr. Chalil to the Company s Board of Directors. 

The
CCI Agreement may be terminated under certain customary and limited circumstances prior to the Closing, including by either party if
the conditions to Closing of an opposing party have not been satisfied or waived by the applicable party on or prior to April 15, 2022.
On April 5, 2022, the CCI Acquisition closed. As a result, immediately after the Closing on April 5, 2022, the Company owned 100 of
the issued and outstanding membership interests of CCI. On April 7, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 80,000 restricted shares
of the Company s common stock to the Members in connection with the CCI Acquisition and pursuant to the terms of the CCI Agreement. 

Joint
Venture Agreement with Farm 7 Group Inc. for the Kenya Agricultural Cooperative Project 

On
August 14, 2023, the Company and Farm 7 Group Inc., a Canada corporation F7 ), completed a Joint Venture Agreement (the
 Farm 7 JV to establish a joint venture entity in a Canadian jurisdiction, mutually acceptable to both parties, to assist
in development, administration and the arrangement of structured financing for the implementation and commencement of the Kenya
Agricultural Cooperative Project , in particular a Kenya centric agricultural project with executed uptake contracts for agricultural
goods with a term of thirty years involving up to 9 million hectares of land participating under a cooperative structure. The Farm 7
JV provides for the annual distribution of the net profits with 75 to F7 and 25 to the Company. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. These risks represent challenges to the successful implementation of our strategy
and to the growth and future profitability of our business. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

We
 have a history of operating losses; 

We
 may have actual or perceived limitations on our ability to raise capital when we require it, and to raise such capital on favorable
 terms; 

Public
 health epidemics or outbreaks (such as the novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19)) could adversely impact our business; 

We
 may not be able to increase our market share in existing eldercare services, occupational therapy services, physiotherapy services
 and speech language pathology services through network affiliation growth and new contracts; 

We
 may be unable to attract sufficient demand for and obtain acceptance of our multidisciplinary primary healthcare services and our
 medical cannabidiol products by both multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians and patients; 

The
 clinics that we acquire or open may not meet our expectations; 

If
 we open new clinics in existing markets, revenue at our existing clinics may be affected negatively; 

The
 multidisciplinary primary healthcare market is highly competitive, including competition for patients, strategic relationships, and
 commercial payor contracts, each of which could adversely affect our contract and revenue base; 

We
 may be unable to obtain reimbursement for our multidisciplinary primary healthcare services from the government or third-party healthcare
 insurers of our patients; 

We
 may not be able to successfully make acceptable financial arrangements for patients who desire treatment but cannot afford to pay
 in full or part, and for whom third-party insurance coverage is either limited or non-existent; 

Prospective
 patients may be unwilling to pay out-of-pocket for certain of our multidisciplinary primary healthcare and primary care services,
 in the absence of reimbursement from the government or third-party healthcare insurers for such multidisciplinary primary healthcare
 and services; 

41 

The
 success of alternative treatments, therapies and medical products as opposed to the multidisciplinary primary healthcare services,
 therapies and prospective medical CBD products that we might offer in the future could adversely affect us; 

We
 may not be able to recruit and retain qualified multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians for our multidisciplinary primary
 healthcare clinics and staffing of affiliate clinics and eldercare centric homes; 

We
 may not be able to prohibit or limit our multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians from competing with us in our local markets; 

We
 may be unable to enter into or maintain contracts for our multidisciplinary primary healthcare services on favorable terms with commercial
 payors in Canada and the United States; 

Government
 healthcare programs may reduce reimbursement rates; 

The
 healthcare industry is heavily regulated, and if we fail to comply with these laws and governmental regulations, we could incur penalties
 or be required to make significant changes to our operations; 

Our
 multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics are and will be subject to numerous statutes and regulations in the Canadian provinces
 in which we operate or intend to operate and states in the United States in which we intend to operate. Failure to comply with these
 laws and regulations could result in civil or criminal sanctions; 

Past
 and future healthcare reform legislation and other changes in the healthcare industry could adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations; 

We
 are subject to the Canada Health Act, Canada s National Health Insurance Program and Food and Drugs Act and analogous provisions
 of applicable federal, provincial, state and local laws and could face substantial penalties if we fail to comply with such laws; 

If
 the Company acquires one or more multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics or primary care facilities in the United States, we
 will be subject to the Anti-Kickback Statute, FCA, Civil Monetary Penalties statute and analogous provisions of applicable state
 laws and could face substantial penalties if we fail to comply with such laws; 

We
 will be subject to the data privacy, security and breach notification requirements of Canadian and United States federal statutes
 and other data privacy and security laws, and the failure to comply with these rules, or allegations that we have failed to do so,
 could result in civil or criminal sanctions; 

Our
 Telemedicine Medical Technology Platform is currently in early-stage roll-out and we may be unsuccessful in the commercialization
 of the Telemedicine Medical Technology Platform; 

Our
 success with the Telemedicine Medical Technology Platform will highly be dependent upon our ability to develop relationships with
 primary care physicians, specialists and clinicians; 

Our
 Telemedicine Medical Technology Platform may not be accepted in the marketplace; 

Our
 RPM Medical Technology Platform is currently in early-stage roll-out and development and we may be unsuccessful in the commercialization
 of the RPM platform; 

Our
 success with the RPM Medical Technology Platform will highly be dependent upon our ability to develop relationships with primary
 care physicians and specialists; 

Our
 RPM Medical Technology Platform may not be accepted in the marketplace; 

Our
 Novo Connect Medical Technology Platform is currently in early-stage roll-out and development and we may be unsuccessful in the commercialization
 of the Novo Connect Medical Technology Platform; 

Our
 success with the Novo Connect Medical Technology Platform will highly be dependent upon our ability to develop relationships with
 primary care physicians and specialists; 

42 

Our
 Novo Connect Medical Technology Platform may not be accepted in the marketplace; 

Government
 regulation of the internet and e-commerce is evolving, and unfavorable changes could substantially harm our business and results
 of operations; 

We
 may be unable to attract sufficient demand for and obtain acceptance of our medical CBD products by both multidisciplinary primary
 healthcare clinicians and patients; 

Possible
 yet unanticipated changes in federal and state law could cause any products that we intend to launch, containing hemp-derived CBD
 oil to be illegal, or could otherwise prohibit, limit or restrict any of our products containing CBD; 

Risks
 associated with the CBD products industry; 

FDA
 regulation could negatively affect the hemp industry, which would directly affect our financial condition; 

Sources
 of hemp-derived CBD depend upon legality of cultivation, processing, marketing, and sales of products derived from those plants under
 state law of the United States; 

Because
 our distributors may only sell and ship our products containing hemp-derived CBD in states that have adopted laws and regulations
 qualifying under the 2018 Farm Act, a reduction in the number of states having such qualifying laws and regulations could limit,
 restrict or otherwise preclude the sale of intended products containing hemp-derived CBD; 

There
 may be unanticipated delays in the development and introduction of our prospective medicinal CBD products and/or our inability to
 control costs; 

If
 needed, we may be unable to consistently retain or hire third-party manufacturers, suppliers, or other service providers to produce
 our prospective medicinal CBD products; 

We
 do not have control over all third parties involved in the manufacturing of our products and their compliance with government health
 and safety standards. Even if our products meet these standards, they could otherwise become contaminated; 

The
 sale of our products involves product liability and related risks that could expose us to significant insurance and loss expenses; 

Confusion
 between legal CBD and illegal cannabis; 

Seasonal
 fluctuations in revenue; 

Our
 failure to promote and maintain a strong brand; 

Failure
 to achieve or sustain profitability; 

Our
 failure to successfully or cost-effectively manage our marketing efforts and channels, and the failure of such efforts and channels
 to be effective in generating leads and business for the Company or any of its affiliated providers; 

Significant
 competition; 

Adequate
 protection of confidential information; 

The
 business risks of United States and international operations; 

Our
 vulnerability to changes in consumer preferences and economic conditions; 

Potential
 litigation from competitors and health related claims from patients and customers; 

A
 limited market for our common stock; 

Our
 ability to adequately protect the intellectual property used to produce our prospective medicinal CBD products; and 

Our
 ability to stay abreast of modified or new laws and regulations applying to our business. 

43 

History
of operating losses and negative cash flow. 

For
the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, we reported net losses attributed to Novo Integrated Sciences of 16,166,744 and 13,214,552,
respectively, and negative cash flow from operating activities of 5,069,840 and 2,243,315, respectively. As of August 31, 2024, we
had an aggregate accumulated deficit of 83,199,785. 

Such
losses have historically required us to seek additional funding through the issuance of debt or equity securities. Our long-term success
is dependent upon among other things, achieving positive cash flows from operations and if necessary, augmenting such cash flows using
external resources to satisfy our cash needs. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional funding, if needed,
on commercially reasonable terms, or of all. 

Our
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. These adjustments
would likely include substantial impairment of the carrying amount of our assets and potential contingent liabilities that may arise
if we are unable to fulfill various operational commitments. In addition, the value of our securities would be greatly impaired. Our
long-term success is dependent upon generating sufficient cash flow from operations and obtaining additional capital and financing. If
our ability to generate cash flow from operations is delayed or reduced and we are unable to raise additional funding from other sources,
we may be unable to continue in business. 

Novo
Integrated Sciences, Inc. is a parent company and depends upon our subsidiaries for our cash flows. 

We
are a parent company. All of our operations are conducted, and some of our assets are owned, by our subsidiaries. Consequently, our cash
flows and our ability to meet our obligations depend upon the cash flows of our subsidiaries and the payment of funds by these subsidiaries
to us in the form of dividends, distributions or otherwise. The ability of our subsidiaries to make any payments to us depends on their
earnings, the terms of their indebtedness, including the terms of any credit facilities and legal restrictions. Any failure to receive
dividends or distributions from our subsidiaries when needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
or financial condition. 

Future
acquisitions or strategic investments could disrupt our business and harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We
may in the future explore potential acquisitions of companies or strategic investments to strengthen our business. Even if we identify
an appropriate acquisition candidate, we may not be successful in negotiating the terms or financing of the acquisition, and our due
diligence may fail to identify all of the problems, liabilities or other shortcomings or challenges of an acquired business. 

Acquisitions
involve numerous risks, any of which could harm our business, including: 

straining
 our financial resources to acquire a company; 

anticipated
 benefits may not materialize as rapidly as we expect, or at all; 

diversion
 of management time and focus from operating our business to address acquisition integration challenges; 

retention
 of employees from the acquired company; 

cultural
 challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization; 

integration
 of the acquired company s accounting, management information, human resources and other administrative systems; 

the
 need to implement or improve controls, procedures and policies at a business that prior to the acquisition may have lacked effective
 controls, procedures and policies; and 

litigation
 or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, former stockholders or other
 third parties. 

Failure
to appropriately mitigate these risks or other issues related to such strategic investments and acquisitions could result in reducing
or eliminating any anticipated benefits of transactions and harm our business generally. Future acquisitions could also result in dilutive
issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses or the impairment of goodwill,
any of which could have a material adverse effect on business, results of operations or financial condition. 

44 

We
require additional funding for our growth plans, and such funding may result in a dilution of your investment. 

We
have estimated our funding requirements in order to implement our growth plans. If the costs of implementing such plans should exceed
these estimates significantly or if we come across opportunities to grow through expansion plans which cannot be predicted at this time,
and our funds generated from our operations prove insufficient for such purposes, we will need to raise additional funding to successfully
complete these growth opportunities. 

These
additional funds may be raised by issuing equity or debt securities or by borrowing from banks or other resources. We cannot assure you
that we will be able to obtain any additional financing on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If we fail to obtain additional
financing on terms that are acceptable to us, we will not be able to implement such plans fully if at all. Such financing, even if obtained,
may be accompanied by conditions that limit our ability to pay dividends or require us to seek lenders consent for payment of
dividends, or restrict our freedom to operate our business by requiring lender s consent for certain corporate actions. 

Further,
if we raise additional funds by way of a rights offering or through the issuance of new shares, any shareholders who are unable or unwilling
to participate in such an additional round of fund raising may suffer dilution in their investment. 

Most
of our executive officers do not reside in the United State. 

Our
U.S. stockholders would face difficulty in: 

Effectuating
 service of process within the United States on most of our executive officers, if considered necessary. 

Enforcing
 judgments obtained in U.S. courts based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against the executive
 officers. 

Enforcing
 judgments of U.S. courts based on civil liability provisions of U.S. federal securities laws in foreign courts against the executive
 officers. 

Bringing
 an original action in foreign courts to enforce liabilities based on the U.S. federal securities laws against the executive officers. 

Accordingly,
persons contemplating an investment in our common stock should seriously consider these factors before making an investment decision. 

Our
future success depends on the continuing efforts of our key employees and our ability to attract, hire, retain and motivate highly skilled
and creative employees in the future. 

Our
future success depends on the continuing efforts of our affiliates, in particular Robert Mattacchione, our Chief Executive Officer (until
February 5, 2025) and Chairman of the Board; Christopher David, our Chief Operating Officer; and Vivek Sethi, CPA, CA, our Principal
Financial Officer. We rely on the leadership, knowledge and experience that our executive officers and directors provide. They foster
our corporate culture, which we believe has been instrumental to our ability to attract and retain new talent. Any failure to attract
new or retain key creative talent could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

On
November 7, 2024, Mr. Mattacchione resigned as our Chief Executive Officer, effective 90 days following the notification date (i.e. effective
February 5, 2025). The 90-day notice period is intended to provide the Company with a fluid transition and to allow the Company time
to appoint a suitable replacement. Following the 90-day transition period, Mr. Mattacchione intends to continue to serve as (i) the Company s
Chairman of the Board, and (ii) Chairman of Novo Healthnet Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

45 

The
market for talent in our key areas of operations is intensely competitive, which could increase our costs to attract and retain talented
employees. As a result, we may incur significant costs to attract and retain employees, including significant expenditures related to
salaries and benefits and compensation expenses related to equity awards, and we may lose new employees to our competitors or other companies
before we realize the benefit of our investment in recruiting and training them. 

Employee
turnover, including changes in our management team, could disrupt our business. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or
other key employees, or our inability to attract and retain highly skilled and creative employees, could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We
believe our corporate culture has contributed to our success and, if we are unable to maintain it as we grow, our business could be harmed. 

We
believe our corporate culture has been a key element of our success. However, as our organization grows, it may be difficult to maintain
our culture, which could reduce our ability to attract and maintain new talent and operate effectively. The failure to maintain the key
aspects of our culture as our organization grows could result in decreased employee satisfaction, increased difficulty in attracting
top talent and increased turnover and could compromise the quality of our client service, all of which are important to our success and
to the effective execution of our business strategy. Accordingly, if we are unable to maintain our corporate culture as we grow our business,
this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We
may not have sufficient insurance coverage and an interruption of our business or loss of a significant amount of property could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operations. 

We
currently do not maintain any insurance policies against loss of key personnel. We do maintain insurance coverage for business interruption
as well as product liability claims. In addition, we do maintain director and officer insurance coverage. If any event were to occur
which required our insurance coverage to be applicable as well as a loss of key personnel, our business, financial performance, and financial
position may be materially and adversely affected. 

We
could become involved in claims or litigation that may result in adverse outcomes. 

Periodically,
the Company may be involved in a variety of claims or litigation. Such proceeding may initially be viewed as immaterial but could prove
to be material. Litigation is inherently unpredictable and excessive verdicts do occur. Given the inherent uncertainties in litigation,
even when we can reasonably estimate the amount of possible loss or range of loss and reasonably estimable loss contingencies, the actual
outcome may change in the future due to new developments or changes in approach. In addition, such claims or litigation could involve
significant expense and diversion of management s attention and resources from other matters. 

We
may be unable to adequately safeguard our intellectual property or we may face claims that may be costly to resolve or that limit our
ability to use such intellectual property in the future. 

Where
litigation is necessary to safeguard our intellectual property, or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others,
this could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, operating results, or future prospects. 

We
are unable to assure you that third parties will not assert infringement claims against us in respect of our intellectual property or
that such claims will not be successful. It may be difficult for us to establish or protect our intellectual property against such third
parties and we could incur substantial costs and diversion of management resources in defending any claims relating to proprietary rights.
If any party succeeds in asserting a claim against us relating to the disputed intellectual property, we may need to obtain licenses
to continue to use the same. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain these licenses on commercially reasonable terms, if
at all. The failure to obtain the necessary licenses or other rights could cause our business results to suffer. 

46 

We
could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar international anti-bribery and anti-kickback
laws with respect to our activities outside the United States. 

We
anticipate rendering multidisciplinary primary healthcare services through our clinics and distributing our medical cannabidiol products
to locations in Canada and United States as well as operate our business in Canada and United States. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act, and other similar anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations, generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from
making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We cannot assure you that we will
be successful in preventing our agents from taking actions in violation of these laws or regulations. Such violations, or allegations
of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 

We
are subject to a number of risks related to credit card and debit card payments we accept. 

We
accept payments through credit card and debit card transactions. For credit card and debit card payments, we pay interchange and other
fees, which may increase over time. An increase in those fees would require us to either increase the prices we charge for our services
which could cause us to lose clients or suffer an increase in our operating expenses, either of which could harm our operating results.
If we or any of our processing vendors have problems with our billing software, or the billing software malfunctions, it could have an
adverse effect on our customer satisfaction and could cause one or more of the major credit card companies to disallow our continued
use of their payment products. In addition, if our billing software fails to work properly and, as a result, we do not automatically
charge our clients credit cards, debit cards or bank accounts on a timely basis or at all, we could lose revenues, which would
harm our operating results. If we fail to adequately control fraudulent credit card and debit card transactions, we may face civil liability,
diminished public perception of our security measures and significantly higher credit card and debit card related costs, each of which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The termination of our ability to process payments
on any major credit or debit card would significantly impair our ability to operate our business. 

Security
breaches of confidential customer information, in connection with our electronic processing of credit and debit card transactions, or
confidential employee information may adversely affect our business. 

Our
business requires the collection, transmission and retention of large volumes of customer and employee data, including credit and debit
card numbers and other personally identifiable information, in various information technology systems that are maintained internally
and by third parties with whom we contract to provide services. The integrity and protection of that customer and employee data is critical
to us. Our customers and employees have a high expectation that we and our service providers will adequately protect their personal information.
The information, security and privacy requirements imposed by government regulations are increasingly demanding. Our systems may not
be able to satisfy these changing requirements and customer and employee expectations or may require significant additional investments
or time in order to do so. Efforts to hack or breach security measures, failures of systems or software to operate as designed or intended,
viruses, operator error or inadvertent releases of data all threaten our information systems and records. A breach in the security of
our service providers information technology systems could lead to an interruption in the operation of our systems, resulting
in operational inefficiencies and a loss of profits. A significant theft, loss or misappropriation of, or access to, customers 
or other proprietary data or other breach of our information technology systems could result in fines, legal claims or proceedings, including
regulatory investigations and actions, or liability for failure to comply with privacy and information security laws, which could disrupt
our operations, damage our reputation and expose us to claims from customers and employees, any of which could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We
rely on third parties to provide services in connection with our business, and any failure by these third parties to perform their obligations
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
have entered into agreements with third parties that include, but are not limited to, information technology systems (including hosting
our website, mobile application and our point-of-sale system), select marketing services, and employee benefits servicing. Services provided
by third-party suppliers could be interrupted as a result of many factors, such as acts of nature or contract disputes. Accordingly,
we are subject to the risks associated with the third parties abilities to provide these services to meet our needs. Any failure
by a third party to provide services for which we have contracted on a timely basis or within defined service level and performance standards
could result in a disruption of our business and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

47 

Our
amended and rested articles of incorporation provide that the state or federal court located within the state of Nevada will be the sole
and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our shareholders, which could limit its stockholders ability
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees. 

Our
amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that [u]nless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii)
any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the
Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) an action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the NRS,
or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, shall be a state or federal court located within the
state of Nevada, in all cases subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants.
This exclusive forum provision is intended to apply to claims arising under Nevada state law and would not apply to claims brought pursuant
to the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act or Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. The exclusive forum provision in our amended
and restated articles of incorporation will not relieve us of our duty to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations
thereunder, and shareholders will not be deemed to have waived compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. 

Public
health epidemics or outbreaks could adversely impact our business. 

Any
future impact from a spread of virus, a pandemic, or any other public health epidemic on the Company s operations remains unknown
and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration and
severity of such potential public health epidemics, and any additional preventative and protective actions that governments, or the Company,
may direct, which may result in an extended period of continued business disruption, reduced patient traffic and reduced operations. 

Risks
Related to our Multidisciplinary Primary Healthcare Business 

We
may not be able to successfully implement our business growth initiatives for our multidisciplinary primary healthcare business on a
timely basis or at all, which could harm our business, financial performance, financial position, and results of operations. 

The
growth of our multidisciplinary primary healthcare business depends on our ability to open and acquire new clinics and expand our roster
of clinicians and staff to best service our multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics and eldercare centric homes. 

A
component of our growth strategy is to increase the number of our multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics through both the acquisition
of existing clinics and the opening of new clinics while also engaging new contracts with new affiliate clinics and elder centric homes.
Our ability to acquire and open profitable clinics and expand our clinician and staffing requirements depends on many factors, including
our ability to: 

access
 capital to fund future acquisitions and preopening expenses; 

achieve
 brand awareness in new and existing markets; 

manage
 costs, which could give rise to delays or cost overruns; 

recruit,
 train, and retain qualified multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians and other staff in our local markets; 

obtain
 favorable reimbursement rates for services rendered at the clinics; 

successfully
 staff and operate new clinics and affiliated clinics and elder centric homes; 

obtain
 all required governmental approvals, certificates, licenses and permits on a timely basis; 

manage
 delays in the acquisition or opening of clinics; 

compete
 for appropriate sites in new markets against other multidisciplinary primary healthcare competitors and clinics; and 

maintain
 adequate information systems and other operational system capabilities. 

48 

Further,
additional federal or state legislative or regulatory restrictions or licensure requirements could negatively impact our ability to operate
both new and existing clinics. 

Accordingly,
we may not be able to achieve our planned growth or, even if we are able to grow our clinic base as planned, any new clinics may not
be profitable or otherwise perform as planned. Failure to implement successfully our growth strategy would likely have an adverse impact
on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

The
long-term success of our multidisciplinary primary healthcare business is highly dependent on our ability to successfully identify and
acquire target clinics and identify and secure staffing opportunities. 

To
achieve our business growth initiative, we will need to acquire and open new clinics and operate them on a profitable basis. We expect
this to be the case for the foreseeable future. In addition, we will need to identify and secure staffing opportunities as well. We consider
numerous factors in identifying target markets where we can enter or expand and staffing opportunities that we can secure. 

The
number and timing of new clinics acquired and opened during any given period may be negatively impacted by a number of factors including,
without limitation: 

the
 identification and availability of attractive sites for new clinics and the ability to negotiate suitable lease terms; 

our
 ability to successfully identify and address pertinent risks during acquisition due diligence; 

the
 preparation of target clinics financial statements on methods of accounting other than generally accepted accounting principles,
 or GAAP; 

the
 proximity of potential sites to one of our or our competitors existing clinics; 

our
 ability to obtain required governmental licenses, permits and authorizations on a timely basis; and 

our
 ability to recruit qualified clinicians and other personnel to staff our clinics. 

If
we are unable to find and secure attractive target clinics to expand in existing markets or enter new markets, our revenues and profitability
may be harmed, we may not be able to implement our business growth initiatives and our financial results may be negatively affected. 

Our
intended acquisition and opening of clinics and increase in staffing in new markets exposes us to various risks and may require us to
develop new business models. 

Our
growth and profitability depend on our ability to implement our business growth initiatives by expanding the number of clinics we operate
and the amount of staffing in both new and existing markets. We cannot assure you our efforts to expand into new markets, particularly
where we do not currently operate, will succeed. To operate in new markets, we may be required to modify our existing business model
and cost structure to comply with local regulatory or other requirements, which may expose us to new operational, regulatory or legal
risks. 

We
may be unable to acquire target clinics within our current price ranges. This may reduce the pace of our growth and increase the need
for additional debt and equity capital. The patient population of clinics we acquire may be loyal to existing ownership, making it difficult
to maintain pre-closing revenue and profit levels. The re-branding of acquired clinics may have an adverse market effect in local communities,
and our brand may not be received as favorably in the local communities as we anticipate. 

49 

The
process of integration of an acquired clinic may subject us to a number of risks, including: 

Failure
 to successfully manage relationships with multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians and other staff of the acquired clinic; 

Demands
 on management related to the increase in size of our Company after the acquisition; 

Diversion
 of management attention; 

Potential
 difficulties integrating and harmonizing financial reporting systems; 

Difficulties
 in the assimilation and retention of employees; 

Inability
 to retain the multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians and other staff of the acquired clinic; 

Inability
 to establish uniform standards, controls, systems, procedures and policies; 

Inability
 to retain the patients of the acquired clinic; 

Exposure
 to legal claims for activities of the acquired clinic prior to acquisition; and 

Incurrence
 of additional expenses in connection with the integration process. 

If
the acquired clinic is not successfully integrated into our Company, our business, financial condition and results of operations could
be materially adversely affected, as well as our reputation. Furthermore, if we are unable to successfully integrate the acquired clinic
or if there are delays in combining the businesses, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition may not be realized fully or at all or
may take longer to realize than expected. 

Growing
our business through acquisitions will require additional personnel. There can be no assurance that these demands will not have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, nor can there be any assurance that we will be able to
attract or retain competent personnel and improve our operational systems sufficiently to support the expansion of our operations. 

Also
important to our success will be our ability to achieve additional economies of scale in order to improve operating margins. There can
be no assurance that we will be able to achieve such economies of scale, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Clinics
we open in new markets may take longer to reach expected revenue and profit levels on a consistent basis. The cost of opening and operating
new clinics may exceed our budget, thereby affecting our overall profitability. New markets may have competitive conditions, consumer
preferences, and healthcare spending patterns that are more difficult to predict, identify or satisfy than our existing markets. We may
need to make greater investments than we originally planned in advertising and promotional activity in new markets and after closing
acquisitions to build brand awareness. We may find it more difficult in new markets to hire, and we may not be able to retain and motivate
qualified multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians and other personnel. We may need to augment our labor model to meet regulatory
requirements and the overall cost of labor may increase or be higher than anticipated. 

As
a result, any new or acquired clinics may be less successful and may not achieve target profit margins at the same rate or at all. If
any steps taken to expand our existing business model into new markets are unsuccessful, we may not be able to achieve our growth objectives
and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We
will require additional capital to fund our operating and expansion costs, and our inability to obtain such capital will likely harm
our business. 

Although
we currently operate 14 corporate owned multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics, our administrative, corporate, and general organizational
infrastructure is designed to support numerous additional clinics. Consequently, we expect that our monthly expenses will continue to
exceed our monthly cash receipts until we significantly increase the number of our multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics. Depending
on the results of our operations, we may need to raise additional capital to cover our operating and expansion costs. 

To
support our expansion strategy, we must have sufficient capital to continue making investments in new and existing clinics. Current funding
sources and cash generated by our operations are not sufficient to allow us to sustain our expansion efforts. If this is the case, we
may need additional equity or debt financing to provide the funds required to operate and expand our business. If such financing is not
available on satisfactory terms or at all, we may be unable to expand our business or acquire new clinics at our projected rate and our
operating results may suffer. Debt financing increases expenses and must be repaid regardless of operating results and may impose restrictions
on the manner in which we operate our business. Equity financing, or debt financing that is convertible into equity, could result in
additional dilution to our existing stockholders. Furthermore, if we are unable to obtain adequate capital, whether in the form of equity
or debt, to fund our business and growth strategies we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our expansion
plans, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, or prospects. 

50 

The
clinics that we intend to acquire or open may not meet our expectations. 

In
general, our business growth initiatives involve the acquisition and opening of strategically located clinics. Clinics that we intend
to acquire and open may not meet our revenue or profit targets or may take longer than anticipated to achieve our expected revenue and
profit targets. If our acquired or new clinics do not perform as planned, our business and future prospects could be harmed. If we are
unable to manage successfully the potential difficulties associated with acquiring and opening new clinics, we may not be able to capture
the efficiencies and opportunities that we expect from our expansion strategy. Our inability to capture expected efficiencies of scale,
maintain patient volumes, improve our systems and equipment, continue our cost discipline, and retain appropriate physician and overall
labor levels, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If
we open new clinics in existing markets, revenue at our existing clinics may be affected negatively. 

The
catchment area of our clinics varies by location and depends on a number of factors, including population density, other available convenient
medical or multidimensional primary healthcare services, area demographics and geography. As a result, the opening of a new clinic in
or near markets in which we already have clinics could adversely affect the revenues of those existing clinics. Existing clinics could
also make it more difficult to build our patient base for a new clinic in the same market. We may selectively open new clinics in and
around areas of existing clinics that are operating at or near capacity to serve effectively our patients, but revenue cannibalization
between our clinics may become significant in the future as competition increases and as we continue to expand our operations. This could
adversely affect our revenue growth, which could, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

We
may be required to make capital expenditures in connection with our acquisitions to implement our growth strategy. 

In
order to maintain brand consistency across our multidimensional primary healthcare clinics, we may need to make significant capital expenditures
to the interior and exterior of our clinics. This may include making real property improvements and upgrading our medical equipment to
serve our patients and remain competitive. Changing competitive conditions or the emergence of significant advances in medical technology
could require us to invest significant capital in additional equipment or capacity in order to remain competitive. Along these lines,
if the systems and technology of our target clinics differ from those we have chosen to utilize, we may be required to invest significant
capital to either convert, terminate, or integrate the varying medical technology platforms. If we are unable to fund any such investment
or otherwise fail to make the necessary capital expenditures, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially
and adversely affected. 

Damage
to our reputation or our brand in existing or new markets could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
must grow the value of our brand to be successful. We intend to further develop our reputation and brand of providing patients with high
quality effective multidisciplinary primary healthcare services, and related products, delivered by respected clinicians and well-trained
operational staff. Additionally, we place high value on building and maintaining a patient-centered culture. If we do not make investments
in areas such as marketing and advertising, as well as the day-to-day investments required for clinic operations, equipment upgrades,
and personnel training, the value of our brand may not increase or may be diminished. Any incident, real or perceived, regardless of
merit or outcome, that adversely affects our brand, such as, but not limited to, patient disability or death due to malpractice or allegations
of malpractice, failure to comply with federal, provincial or local regulations, including allegations or perceptions of non-compliance
or failure to comply with ethical and operational standards, could significantly reduce the value of our brand, expose us to negative
publicity and damage our overall business and reputation. 

51 

Our
marketing activities may not be successful. 

We
incur costs and expend other resources in our marketing efforts to attract and retain patients. Our marketing activities are principally
focused on increasing brand awareness in the communities in which we provide services. As we open and acquire new clinics, we expect
to undertake aggressive marketing campaigns to increase community awareness about our presence and our service capabilities. We plan
to conduct our targeted marketing efforts in neighborhoods through channels such as direct mail, billboards, radio advertisements, physician
open houses, community sponsorships and various social media. If we are not successful in these efforts, we will have incurred expenses
without materially increasing revenue. 

The
multidisciplinary primary healthcare market is highly competitive, including competition for patients, strategic relationships, and commercial
payor contracts, each of which could adversely affect our contract and revenue base. 

The
market for providing multidisciplinary primary healthcare services, and related products, is highly competitive, and all of our clinics
and staffing opportunities face and will face competition, in varying degrees, from existing multidisciplinary primary healthcare providers.
Walk-in clinics, hospital emergency rooms, private doctors offices, freestanding emergency clinics, independent laboratories,
hospital- and payor-supported urgent care facilities, and occupational medicine clinics. We compete with national, regional, and local
enterprises, some of which have greater financial and other resources available to them, greater access to clinicians, medically licensed
physicians and other medical professionals or greater access to potential patients. Our clinics and staffing compete on the basis of
accessibility, including evening and weekend hours, walk-in care, as well as varying appointment opportunities. We also compete on the
basis of our multi-provinces, regional footprint, which we believe will be of value to both employers and third-party payors. As a result
of the differing competitive factors within the markets in which we operate and will operate, the individual results of our clinics may
be volatile. If we are unable to compete effectively with any of these entities or groups, we may be unable to implement our business
strategies successfully, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
may not be able to recruit and retain qualified multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians for our multidisciplinary primary healthcare
clinics and staffing of affiliate clinics and eldercare centric homes. 

Our
success depends upon our ability to recruit and retain qualified multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians and other staff. There
is currently a national shortage in Canada and United States of certain of these healthcare professionals. To the extent a significant
number of multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians within an individual community or market decide to partner with competing multidisciplinary
primary healthcare providers or hospitals and not with us, we may not be able to operate our clinics in such community. We face competition
for such personnel from existing operators, hospital systems, entrepreneurial start-ups, and other organizations. This competition may
require us to enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain qualified personnel. Our inability to recruit and retain these professionals
could have a material adverse effect on our ability to grow or be profitable. 

We
may not be able to prohibit or limit our multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians from competing with us in our local markets. 

In
certain provinces in Canada in which we operate or intend to operate and states in the United States in which we intend to operate, non-compete,
non-solicitation, and other negative covenants applicable to employment or ownership are judicially or statutorily limited in their effectiveness
or are entirely unenforceable against multidisciplinary primary healthcare professionals. As a result, we may not be able to protect
our operational processes, procedures, and general trade secrets or limit insiders from using competitive information against us or competing
with us, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to remain competitive. 

52 

With
respect to our operations in Canada, we may be unable to enter into or maintain contracts for our affiliate multidisciplinary primary
healthcare clinics and eldercare focused facilities or services on favorable terms with commercial payors. 

In
Canada, a significant portion of our net patient service revenue is derived from nongovernmental, extended health insurers which provide
reimbursement based on a pre-allocated amount disbursed as a cash payment for services, and related products, provided to the patient. 

With
respect to our anticipated expansion of our operations into the United States, we may be unable to enter into or maintain contracts for
our multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics and services on favorable terms with commercial payors in the United States. 

With
respect to our anticipated expansion of our operations into the United States, we anticipate that a significant portion of our net patient
service revenue will be derived from nongovernmental, third-party payors, or commercial payors, such as managed care organizations, commercial
insurance providers and employer-sponsored healthcare plans. These commercial payors use a variety of methods for reimbursement depending
on the arrangement involved. These arrangements include fee-for-service, PPOs and health maintenance organizations, as well as prepaid
and discounted medical service packages and capitated, or fixed fee, contracts. Rates for health maintenance organization benefit plans
are typically lower than those for PPOs or other benefit plans that offer broader provider access. 

Frequently,
commercial payors classify or may reclassify our multidisciplinary primary healthcare services differently. Such distinctions may result
in different payment and reimbursement structure. Such differences may affect costs to the patient through increased copayments, deductibles
and other cost-sharing mechanisms and, accordingly, patient choice of provider. 

There
is often pressure to renegotiate reimbursement levels, particularly in connection with changes to Medicare. Typically, commercial payors
reimburse us based upon contracted discounts to our established base rates. If managed care organizations and other commercial payors
reduce their rates or we were to experience a significant shift in our revenue mix toward Medicare or Medicaid reimbursements, then our
revenue and profitability would be adversely affected and our operating margins would be reduced. Commercial payors often demand discounted
fee structures, and the trend toward consolidation among commercial payors tends to increase their bargaining power over fee structures.
Because some commercial payors rely on all or portions of Medicare fee schedules to determine payment rates, changes to government healthcare
programs that reduce payments under these schedules may negatively impact payments from commercial payors. Other healthcare providers
may impact our ability to negotiate increases and other favorable terms in our reimbursement arrangements with commercial payors. For
example, some of our competitors may negotiate exclusivity provisions with commercial payors or otherwise restrict the ability of commercial
payors to contract with us. We may be excluded from participating in commercial payor networks, making it more expensive for certain
patients to receive treatment at our clinics. Our results of operations will depend, in part, on our ability to retain and renew managed
care contracts as well as enter into new managed care contracts on terms favorable to us. Our inability to maintain suitable financial
arrangements with commercial payors could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

As
various provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or the ACA, are implemented, commercial payors may increasingly
demand fee reductions. In addition, there is a growing trend for commercial payors to take steps to shift the primary cost of care to
the plan participant by increasing co-payments, co-insurance and deductibles, and these actions could discourage such patients from seeking
treatment at our clinics. Patient volumes could be negatively impacted if we are unable to enter into or maintain acceptable contracts
with such commercial payors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Government
healthcare programs may reduce reimbursement rates. 

Our
competition will also be the Canadian healthcare system which is a government sponsored system that began in 1957, when Parliament approved
the Hospital Insurance and Diagnostics Services Act. The Act provided free acute hospital care, laboratory and radiological diagnostic
services to Canadians. By 1961, agreements were in place with all the provinces and 99 of Canadians had free access to the healthcare
services covered by the legislation. The Act was followed by the Medical Care Act of 1966 that provided free access to physician services.
By 1972, each province had established its own system of free access to physician services. The federal government shared in the funding.
In 1984, the Government of Canada passed the Canada Health Act (CHA). The Canada Health Act created a publicly administered healthcare
system that is comprehensive, universal and accessible. All medically necessary procedures are provided free of charge. The system provides
diagnostic, treatment and preventive services regardless of income level or station in life. Access to care is not based on health status
or ability to pay. Coverage is portable between provinces and territories. We can give no assurance that we will be able to effectively
compete in this market. 

53 

In
recent years, in the United States, new legislation has been proposed and adopted at both the federal and state level that is effecting
major changes in the healthcare system. Any change in the laws, regulations, or policies governing the healthcare system could adversely
affect reimbursement rates and our operations and financial condition. Enacted in March 2010, the ACA seeks to expand healthcare coverage,
while increasing quality and limiting costs. The ACA substantially changes the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and commercial
payors. As a result of the ACA or the adoption of additional federal and state healthcare reforms measures there could be limits to the
amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare services, which could result in reduced demand or profitability of
our services. 

Furthermore,
if due to an allegation of fraud or any other reason one or more of our multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians or practitioners
is no longer entitled to bill and receive payment for services rendered to patients whose treatment is paid in whole or in part by a
governmental payor, our revenue may be negatively impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results
of operations and financial condition. 

If
payments from commercial or governmental payors are significantly delayed, are reduced or eliminated, our business, prospects, results
of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

We
depend upon compensation from third-party payors for the services provided to patients by our multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians
and practitioners in our clinics, affiliate clinics and eldercare centric homes serviced by our clinicians. The amount that we receive
through our clinics in payment for their services may be adversely affected by factors we do not control, including federal, provincial,
or local regulatory changes, cost-containment decisions, and changes in reimbursement schedules of third-party payors and legislative
changes. Any reduction or elimination of these payments could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations
and financial condition. 

Additionally,
the reimbursement process is complex and can involve lengthy delays. Although we recognize revenue when multidisciplinary primary healthcare
services are provided, there can be delays before we receive payment. In addition, third-party payors may disallow, in whole or in part,
requests for reimbursement based on determinations that certain amounts are not reimbursable under plan coverage, that services provided
were not medically necessary, or that additional supporting documentation is necessary. Retroactive adjustments by third-party payors
may be difficult or cost prohibitive to appeal, and such changes could materially reduce the actual amount we receive from those payors.
Delays and uncertainties in the reimbursement process may be out of our control and may adversely affect us. 

Significant
changes in our payor mix resulting from fluctuations in the types of patients seen at our clinics could have a material adverse effect
on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
results may change from period to period due to fluctuations in payor mix or other factors relating to the type of treatment performed
by clinicians at our clinics. Payor mix refers to the relative amounts we receive from the mix of persons or entities that pay or reimburse
us for healthcare services. Because we generally receive relatively higher payment rates from commercial payors than from governmental
payors or self-pay patients, a significant shift in our payor mix toward a higher percentage of self-pay or patients whose treatment
is paid in whole or part by a governmental payor, which could occur for reasons beyond our control, could have a material adverse effect
on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

Failure
to bill timely or accurately for our services could have a negative impact on our net revenues, bad debt expense and cash flow. 

Billing
for our services is often complex and time-consuming. The practice of providing multidisciplinary primary healthcare services, and related
products, in advance of payment or prior to assessing a patient s ability to pay for such services may have a significant negative
impact on our patient service revenue, bad debt expense and cash flow. We bill numerous and varied payors, including self-pay patients,
various forms of commercial payors, government payors and insurance payors. Billing requirements that must be met prior to receiving
payment for services rendered often vary by payor. Self-pay patients and third-party payors may fail to pay for services even if they
have been properly billed. Reimbursement is typically dependent on our providing the proper procedure and diagnosis codes. 

54 

Additional
factors that could affect our collections for the services we render include: 

disputes
 among payors as to which party is responsible for payment; 

variations
 in coverage among various payors for similar services; 

the
 difficulty of adherence to specific compliance requirements, coding and various other procedures mandated by responsible parties; 

the
 institution of new coding standards; and 

failure
 to properly credential our providers to enable them to bill various payors. 

The
complexity associated with billing for our services causes many delays in our cash collections, resulting in increased carrying costs
associated with the aging of our accounts receivable as well as the increased potential for bad debt expense. 

We
are dependent on our third-party revenue cycle managers for billing and collection of our claims. 

We
submit our claims for services rendered to commercial payors and governmental payors electronically through our third-party revenue cycle
managers. We are dependent on our revenue cycle managers for the timely billing and collections of our claims. Any delay by or failure
of our revenue cycle managers to timely bill and collect our claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

We
may incur costs resulting from security risks in connection with the electronic data processing by our partner banks. 

Because
we accept electronic payment cards for payments at our facilities, we may incur costs resulting from related security risks in connection
with the electronic processing of confidential information by our partner banks. Recently, several of the large national banks have experienced
potential or actual breaches in which similar data has been or may have been stolen. Such occurrences could cause patient dissatisfaction
resulting in decreased visits or could also distract our management team from the management of the day-to-day operations. 

With
respect to our Canadian operations and our anticipated expansion of our operations into the United States, a successful challenge by
tax authorities to our treatment of certain multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians and practitioners as independent contractors
or the elimination of an existing safe harbor could materially increase our costs relating to these multidimensional primary healthcare
clinicians and practitioners. 

With
respect to our Canadian operations and our anticipated expansion of our operations into the United States, certain of our multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinicians and practitioners may be engaged as independent contractors by our state-level operating subsidiaries.
If these personnel are treated as independent contractors rather than as employees, our state-level operating subsidiaries will not (i)
withhold federal, state or local or state income or other employment related taxes from their compensation, (ii) make federal, provincial,
state or local federal or state unemployment tax or Federal Insurance Contributions Act payments with respect to them, (iii) provide
workers compensation insurance with respect to them (except in states where they are required to do so for independent contractors),
or (iv) allow them to participate in benefits and retirement programs available to employees. Although we will have contracts with these
licensed multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians obligating them to pay these taxes and other costs, if a challenge to our treatment
of these licensed multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians and practitioners as independent contractors by federal, state, or
local authorities were successful and they were treated as employees instead of independent contractors, we could be liable for taxes,
penalties, and interest. In addition, there are currently, and have been in the past, proposals made to eliminate an existing safe harbor
that would potentially protect us from the imposition of taxes in these circumstances, and similar proposals could be made in the future.
If such a challenge were successful or if the safe harbor were eliminated, this could cause a material increase in our costs relating
to these personnel and, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

55 

Currently,
our corporate owned clinics and affiliate clinics are located in the Canadian provinces of Ontario, Alberta, Nova Scotia and Newfoundland
making us particularly sensitive to regulatory, economic, and other conditions in those provinces. 

Our
clinics and affiliate clinics are located in the Canadian provinces of Ontario, Alberta, Nova Scotia and Newfoundland. If there were
an adverse regulatory, economic, or other development in any of those states, our patient volume could decline, our ability to operate
our clinics under our existing business model could be impacted, or there could be other unanticipated adverse impacts on our business
that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
business is seasonal, which may impact results of operations. 

Our
clinics patient and staffing volumes are sensitive to seasonal fluctuations. Typically, winter months see a higher occurrence
of motor vehicle and winter weather related accidents, such as falling, however; the timing and severity of these can vary dramatically.
Additionally, in the United States as consumers shift toward high deductible insurance plans, they are responsible for a greater percentage
of their bill, particularly in the early months of the year before other healthcare spending has occurred, which may lead to lower than
expected patient volume or an increase in bad debt expense during that period. Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly
in the future depending on these and other factors. 

We
could be subject to lawsuits for which we are not fully insured. 

Medical
professionals, including multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians and practitioners, have become subject to an increasing number
of lawsuits alleging medical malpractice and related legal theories such as negligent hiring, supervision and credentialing. In Canada,
our clinicians and practitioners, whether an employee or independent contractor, are responsible for their own professional liability
insurance coverage. As provided in Canadian rules and regulations, our liability insurance coverage is not required to cover our clinicians
and practitioners. As we expand in the United States, we anticipate procuring insurance coverage for our affiliated multidimensional
primary healthcare clinicians, practitioners, and corporate entities. In addition, as we expand our menu of services and related products
through our various Medical Technology Platforms or possible acquisition of a medical licensed primary care practice, we will be subject
to lawsuits alleging medical malpractice and related legal theories such as negligent hiring, supervision, and credentialing. 

We
are currently insured under policies in amounts management deems appropriate, based upon the nature and risk of our business. Nevertheless,
there are exclusions and exceptions to coverage under each insurance policy that may make coverage for any claim unavailable, future
claims could exceed the limits of available insurance coverage, existing insurers could become insolvent and fail to meet their obligations
to provide coverage for such claims, and such coverage may not always be available with sufficient limits and at reasonable cost to insure
us adequately and economically in the future. One or more successful claims against us not covered by, or exceeding the coverage of,
our insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover,
in the normal course of our business, we may be involved in other types of lawsuits, claims, audits and investigations, including those
arising out of our billing and marketing practices, employment disputes, contractual claims and other business disputes for which we
may have no insurance coverage. The outcome of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results
of operations, and cash flows. 

Some
of these lawsuits may involve large claim amounts and substantial defense costs. 

Insurance
coverage for some of our losses may be inadequate and may be subject to the credit risk of commercial insurance providers. 

We
maintain insurance coverage for specific liability for our clinic facilities through various third-party insurers. To the extent we hold
policies to cover certain groups of claims or rely on insurance coverage obtained by third parties to cover such claims, we may be responsible
for those losses if the insurance coverage is inadequate or the insurer rejects our claim for payment. Furthermore, for our losses that
are insured or reinsured through commercial insurance providers, we are subject to the financial viability of those insurance companies.
Although we believe our commercial insurance providers are currently creditworthy, they may not remain so in the future. 

56 

Risks
Related to Healthcare Regulation 

The
healthcare industry is heavily regulated, and if we fail to comply with these laws and government regulations, we could incur penalties
or be required to make significant changes to our operations. 

The
healthcare industry is heavily regulated and closely scrutinized by federal, state, provincial and local governments. Comprehensive statutes
and regulations govern the manner in which we provide and bill for services and products, our contractual relationships with our clinicians,
vendors, patients and our marketing activities and other aspects of our operations. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations,
we could be exposed to civil and criminal penalties such as fines, damages, overpayment recoupment, loss of enrollment status and exclusion
from government healthcare programs. Any action against us for violation of these laws or regulations, even if successfully defended,
could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. Our
clinicians and practitioners are also subject to ethical guidelines and operating standards of professional and private accreditation
agencies. 

The
laws, regulations and standards governing the provision of healthcare services, and related products, may change significantly in the
future, and these changes may materially and adversely affect our business. Furthermore, a review of our business by regulatory or accreditation
authorities could result in determinations that could adversely affect our operations. 

Our
Canadian clinics are and will be subject to numerous statutes and regulations. Additionally, given our intention to expand and begin
operations in the United States, we will be subject to numerous U.S. statutes and regulations. Failure to comply with these laws and
regulations could result in civil or criminal sanctions. 

The
operation of our clinics in Canada subjects us, and will subject us, to many provincial laws and regulations, following the projected
expansion of our Company s operations to the United States, federal and state laws in the United States. In general, whether directly
or through boards, agencies, or other delegated authorities, regulating the ownership and dispensing of controlled substances, the retention
and storage of medical records, patient privacy and protection of health information, the licensure of multidisciplinary primary healthcare
providers, including clinicians, and the clinical supervision, by physicians, of nurse practitioners and physician assistants, among
other aspects of our operations are regulated. All such laws and regulations, and the applicable interpretations of such laws and regulations,
are subject to change. 

Additional
regulation of clinics such as ours has been proposed in several Canadian provinces and the United States. The adoption of any such regulations
in the provinces in Canada, or states in the United States in which we operate or intend to operate, could force us to change our operational
or transactional approach or lead to a finding by regulators that our primary care clinics and clinics do not meet legal requirements.
We may be subject to criminal prosecution, regulatory fines, penalties, or other sanctions if our operations or clinics are found to
not comply with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, we may be required to refund all funds received from patients and third-party
payors during the period of noncompliance. 

With
respect to our anticipated expansion of our operations into the United States, state regulation of the expansion of multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinics could prevent us from reaching our expansion objectives. 

In
the United States, many states have certificate of need programs that require some level of prior approval for the development, acquisition,
or expansion of healthcare sector related facilities. With respect to our anticipated expansion of our operations into the United States,
in the event we choose to acquire or open clinics in a state that does require such approval, we may be required to obtain a certificate
of need before the acquisition or opening occurs. If we are unable to obtain such approvals, we may not be able to move forward with
the planned activity. 

Only
a few states currently require the licensure of multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics such as ours. The lack of a specific licensure
process for our clinics in the vast majority of states may lead state legislators or regulators to regulate aggressively the growth of
our industry, potentially seeking to treat our industry in a manner similar to hospitals or freestanding emergency departments. Further,
the growing number of urgent care clinics and freestanding emergency departments may lead to legislation or regulations requiring us
to change substantially our operations or cease our operations in that state entirely. Any such requirements could have a material adverse
effect on our prospects and growth strategy. 

57 

Our
services, and related products, are subject to comprehensive laws and regulations that govern the manner in which we bill and are paid
for our services by third-party payors, and the failure to comply with these requirements can result in civil or criminal sanctions,
including exclusion from federal and state healthcare programs. 

A
substantial portion of our services, and related products, are paid for by commercial payors and governmental payors. These third-party
payors typically have differing and complex billing and documentation requirements. If we fail to meet these requirements, we may not
be paid for our services or payment may be substantially delayed or reduced. 

Numerous
federal, provincial and local laws also apply to our claims for payment, including but not limited to (i) coordination of benefits 
rules that dictate which payor must be billed first when a patient has coverage from multiple payors, (ii) requirements that overpayments
be refunded within a specified period of time, (iii) reassignment rules governing the ability to bill and collect professional
fees on behalf of other providers, (iv) requirements that electronic claims for payment be submitted using certain standardized transaction
codes and formats, and (v) laws requiring all health and financial information of patients in a manner that complies with applicable
security and privacy standards. 

Third-party
payors carefully monitor compliance with these and other applicable rules. Our failure to comply with these rules could result in our
obligation to refund amounts previously paid for such services or non-payment for our services. 

If
we are found to have violated any of these or any of the other laws or regulations which govern our activities, the resulting penalties,
damages, fines or other sanctions could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. 

Changes
in coverage and the rates or methods of third-party reimbursements may adversely affect our revenue and operations. 

A
substantial portion of our revenue is derived from direct billings to patients and third-party payors. As a result, any changes in the
rates or methods of reimbursement for the services and products we provide could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and financial
results. Reimbursement rates can vary depending on whether our clinic is an in-network or out-of-network provider. Each of our clinics
may be out-of-network for some patients. When acting as an out-of-network provider, reimbursement rates may be lower, co-payments and
deductibles may be higher and we may have difficulties complying with the billing requirements of certain third-party payors. 

Past
and future legislation related to the healthcare industry and other changes in the healthcare industry could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

The
healthcare industry is subject to legislative and regulatory changes, as well as changes from other influences. The government may continue
reviewing and assessing healthcare delivery and payment systems and may in the future adopt legislation making additional fundamental
changes in the healthcare system. There is no assurance that such changes will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, or results of operations. Continued efforts to shift healthcare costs to the patient (through co-payments, deductibles, and
other mechanisms) could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
are subject to the Canada Health Act, Canada s National Health Insurance Program and Food and Drugs Act and analogous provisions
of applicable state laws and could face substantial penalties if we fail to comply with such laws. 

In
Canada, some healthcare services are public, some are private with a number of different entities involved in regulating and providing
their delivery. While there is a perception that all healthcare in Canada is publicly funded, the publicly funded system is generally
restricted to medically necessary hospital and physician services, and provincial or territorial drug plans that provide
access to prescription drugs to residents over the age of 65 or those residents who rely on social assistance programs. Publicly funded
services are delivered through a combination of public and private providers and funding comes from the Canadian federal government,
which sets national standards, and the provincial and territorial governments, which regulates the delivery of services and determines
those services that are deemed medically necessary (i.e., publicly funded) within the context of their own unique fiscal
and political environment. In addition, there are a wide array of health products and services that are not subject to coverage under
the public health insurance plans that are provided on a private payer basis. 

58 

Federal/Provincial
Government Division of Power in Canada 

As
is the case for many important industries and economic sectors, neither the federal, nor the provincial/territorial level of government
has exclusive jurisdiction over health. Instead, the Constitution Act, 1867, divides the legislative powers relevant to the regulation
of the delivery of health products and services between the federal and provincial levels of government. 

The
federal government is responsible for regulating important aspects of various health industries or sectors including the regulation of
selling, importing, distributing, and marketing drugs and medical devices and it maintains significant influence over health policy and
national objectives through the use of its spending power. 

The
provincial/territorial level of government has comprehensive authority over the delivery of healthcare services. Other examples of provincial
responsibility include the regulation of hospitals and other health facilities, administration of health insurance plans, distribution
of prescription drugs and regulation of health professionals. 

However,
many health industry sectors are subject to at least some degree of regulation or oversight by both levels of government. 

Canada s
National Health Insurance Program 

Canada s
 national health insurance program, a publicly funded single-payer system often referred to as Medicare, is
designed to ensure that all Canadian residents have universal access to medically necessary hospital and physician services through the
provincial and territorial healthcare insurance plans. 

The
Canada Health Act 

The
Canada Health Act is the federal legislation that provides the foundation for the Canadian healthcare system. The Act is administered
by Health Canada, the federal department with primary responsibility for maintaining and improving the health of Canadians. However,
neither the Canada Health Act nor Health Canada have direct authority to regulate the health insurance plans that give effect to the
publicly funded health insurance system that is in place across the country. Instead, the Act establishes certain values and principles
and sets out criteria and conditions that each publicly funded health insurance plan is required to meet in order to qualify for federal
funding through the Canada Health Transfer. As federal funding is critical to the ability to fund medically necessary hospital
and physician services, each provincial and territorial health insurance plan must satisfy the requirements of public administration;
universality; portability; comprehensiveness; and accessibility. 

Notably,
these requirements relate only to funding and administration and establishing broad principles rather than a prescriptive code. In addition,
the Canada Health Act is silent with respect to the delivery of health services and does not prohibit or discourage the delivery of insured
health services by the private sector. As a result, there is significant variation in the funding and administration of health insurance
plans from one jurisdiction to another. However, most provinces permit the delivery of a broad range of publicly funded health services
through a combination of both public and private providers. Indeed, many publicly funded services in Canada are privately delivered. 

The
requirement that publicly funded health insurance plans be comprehensive requires that medically necessary hospital and
physician services be covered. If a service is determined to be medically necessary then the full cost of the service must
be covered by the public plan. However, the term is not defined and the services that must be covered are intentionally and broadly defined
in order to accommodate the ability of each province and territory to make its own coverage decisions within the context of its unique
fiscal and political environment. Typically, such decisions are made in consultation with the relevant medical associations in the jurisdiction.
However, determining whether a particular service is medical necessary is a determination that has both a fiscal and political
dimension. Ultimately, these coverage decisions are decisions about the allocation of scarce public resources. 

The
products and services available to Canadians through the publicly funded health insurance system are supplemented by a wide array of
health products and services that are not, as a general matter, subject to coverage under the public health insurance plans. For example,
prescription drug coverage, dental services and vision care are generally provided on a private payer basis. However, many jurisdictions
provide coverage for these types of services to seniors and those who face financial or other barriers to privately funded healthcare.
There are also a growing number of providers that offer ancillary healthcare services. Examples include elective surgical or cosmetic
procedures. 

59 

Regulation
of Health Professionals and Health Facilities 

Health
professionals and healthcare facilities are subject to federal laws of general application, but the regulation of such matters is largely
a matter of provincial jurisdiction. 

Health
Professionals 

Through
legislation, the provinces have delegated the regulation of health professionals to self-governing professional bodies (with varying
degrees of discretion). Such legislation generally seeks to protect the public through a combination of input regulations 
that focus on who is entitled to provide a particular health service and output regulations that focus on the quality and
delivery of the service being provided. Such regulations also generally include conflict of interest (or anti-kickback) provisions, as
such matters are generally dealt with as part of the regulation of health professions rather than the regulation of health facilities. 

Health
industry participants that offer a particular service need to understand how the service is regulated. If the service involves the performance
of a regulated or controlled act (i.e., acts that can only be performed by a particular category or categories of regulated health professionals
or their delegates) then the involvement of one or more duly qualified health professionals will likely be required. Also, it may be
necessary to implement certain protocols and procedures in order to comply with the requirements of the regulatory colleges that govern
the practices of any such professionals. Complying with such requirements can have significant commercial implications. 

Health
Facilities 

Operating
a regulated health facility can be challenging and often involves a degree of regulatory risk. 

Residential
healthcare facilities other than hospitals, such as nursing homes, long-term care facilities, pharmacies, laboratories and specimen collection
clinics are, in most jurisdictions, privately owned and operated pursuant to provincial licenses and oversight. However, the degree to
which such health facilities and other providers are regulated generally depends on the nature of the products and services being provided. 

The
operation of health facilities by private sector entities still typically involves some element of reimbursement through public funds.
Where public funds are being used to acquire goods and services, additional accountability measures such as procurement requirements
often apply. 

Regulation
of Drugs 

The
process of obtaining marketing authorizations and approvals of prescription drugs is administered by Health Canada s Therapeutic
Products Directorate (TPD). 

The
TPD applies the Food and Drugs Act and the regulations applicable to prescription drugs to ensure that drug products sold in Canada are
safe and effective. No drug product can be offered for sale in Canada unless and until, after review, it is issued a marketing authorization
by Health Canada. 

In
addition to its review of drug products, Health Canada is responsible for the ongoing monitoring of drug products being sold in Canada,
as well as the regulation of good manufacturing practices and establishment licenses, which are required in connection with the import,
manufacture, distribution and/or sale of drug products. 

60 

The
Patented Medicines Prices Review Board 

The
Patented Medicines Prices Review Board (PMPRB) is an independent quasi-judicial body created in 1987 under amendments to the Patent Act.
The PMPRB is responsible for regulating the prices that patentees charge for prescription and non-prescription patented drugs sold in
Canada. Based on a review of the information required to be filed by a patentee, the PMPRB considers whether the price of a medicine
appears excessive based on certain factors including: (i) the prices that the patented medicine is sold in the Canadian market; (ii)
the prices at which other medicines in the same therapeutic class are sold in the Canadian market; and (iii) the prices at which the
medicine and other medicines in the same therapeutic class have been sold in other countries other than Canada. If the PMPRB considers
the price of a medicine appears excessive, revised pricing is the usual outcome. 

Public
Market Access 

Each
province has a provincial drug plan that allows certain individuals to access drugs at a reduced cost. Products that will be paid for
by the provincial government (in some provinces, for all residents, while in others for certain prescribed individuals such as seniors
and individuals receiving social assistance), are typically listed on provincial formularies. For innovator products, the manufacturer
negotiates the pricing for inclusion on the provincial formulary with the provincial government. For generic products, the price to be
paid for the generic product is determined by a sliding scale of fixed prices related to when such products enter the market and the
price of the innovator product (i.e., a percent of the price of the innovator pharmaceutical product depending on whether they are first,
second or third entry products). If a drug is a generic product and listed as interchangeable on the provincial formulary, a pharmacist
is permitted to dispense the interchangeable product for the innovator product. Under most provincial benefit plans, interchanging a
generic product for the innovator product by pharmacists is mandatory and generally most provinces will only reimburse the pharmacist
for the lowest cost interchangeable product. Government drug plans account for approximately 50 of all sales of prescription drugs in
Canada. 

The
scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to constant change. Federal and provincial enforcement entities
have significantly increased their scrutiny of healthcare companies and providers which has led to investigations, prosecutions, convictions
and large settlements. Although we conduct our business in compliance with all applicable federal and provincial fraud and abuse laws,
many of these laws are broadly worded and may be interpreted or applied in ways that cannot be predicted with any certainty. Therefore,
we cannot assure you that our arrangements or business practices will not be subject to government scrutiny or will be found to be in
compliance with applicable fraud and abuse laws. Further, responding to investigations can be time consuming and result in significant
legal fees and can potentially divert management s attention from the Company. 

We
are subject to the data privacy and security laws of Canada, and the failure to comply with these rules, or allegations that we have
failed to do so, could result in civil or criminal sanctions. 

In
Canada, under the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act and under various provincial laws, comprehensive privacy
laws have been introduced to protect the privacy of individuals from the undisclosed or non-consensual sharing of sensitive information
for commercial purposes. As the gathering and use of information is such an integral component of our business, we must always be alert
for and respond to changes in the information regulatory environment. The failure to comply with these rules, or allegations that we
have failed to do so, could result in civil or criminal sanctions against us. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, our centers
may participate in the federal Medicare program and, as a result, we will need to comply with a number of additional federal regulatory
requirements. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics or the staffing of multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinics, affiliate clinics or eldercare centric homes with clinicians and practitioners in the United States, our
clinics and multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians and practitioners, including any staffing we might pursue in affiliate clinics
or eldercare centric homes in the United States, might participate in the federal Medicare and/or Medicaid programs. 

61 

Since
1992, Medicare has paid for the medically necessary services of physicians, non-physician practitioners, clinicians and
certain other suppliers under a physician fee schedule, a system that pays for covered physicians services furnished to a person
with Medicare Part B coverage. Under the physician fee schedule, relative values are assigned to each of more than 7,000 services to
reflect the amount of work, the direct and indirect (overhead) practice expenses, and the malpractice expenses typically involved in
furnishing that service. Each of these three relative value components is multiplied by a geographic adjustment factor to adjust the
payment for variations in the costs of furnishing services in different localities. Relative value units, or RVUs, are summed for each
service and then are multiplied by a fixed-dollar conversion factor to establish the payment amount for each service. The higher the
number of RVUs assigned to a service, the higher the payment. Under the Medicare fee-for-service payment system, an individual can choose
any licensed physician enrolled in Medicare and use the services of any healthcare provider or facility certified by Medicare. 

CMS
is required to limit the growth in spending under the physician fee schedule by a predetermined sustained growth rate, or SGR. If implemented
as mandated, the SGR would result in significant payment reductions under the physician fee schedule. Every year since 2003, Congress
has delayed application of the SGR, but we cannot predict with certainty whether it will continue to do so. Congress most recently delayed
application of the SGR in the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014, or PAMA, which became effective on April 1, 2014. In March of
2014 (prior to the passage of PAMA), CMS announced that the estimated physician fee schedule update for 2014 would be reduced by 20.9 
due to the SGR formula. PAMA provides for the continuation of the 0.5 reimbursement increase to the physician payment schedule through
December 31, 2014 (originally provided under the Pathway for SGR Reform Act of 2013), and it also provides for no change to the physician
fee schedule through March 31, 2015. Although several recent legislative proposals have sought to impose permanent or semi-permanent
solutions to the SGR reductions, we cannot predict with certainty whether the SGR will be repealed or if another formula would be substituted
and what form that might take. Repeal of the SGR could be offset by further reductions in Medicare payments, and any such reductions
could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Furthermore,
the ACA reduces annual payment updates for certain providers and reduces Medicare payments for certain procedures, and the Budget Control
Act of 2011, or BCA, requires automatic spending reductions for each fiscal year through 2021. As a result of the BCA and subsequent
activity in Congress, a 1.2 trillion sequester (across-the-board spending cuts) in discretionary programs took effect in 2013. In particular,
a 2 reduction in Medicare payments took effect on April 1, 2013 which has recently been extended for an additional two years beyond
the original expiration date of 2021. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, we will
be subject to CMS RAC program. 

The
Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003, or MMA, introduced on a trial basis the use of RACs for the purpose
of identifying and recouping Medicare overpayments and underpayments. Any overpayment received from Medicare is considered a debt owed
to the federal government. In October 2008, CMS made the RAC program permanent. RACs review Medicare claims to determine whether such
claims were appropriately reimbursed by Medicare. RACs engage in an automated review and in a complex review of claims. Automated reviews
are conducted when a review of the medical record is not required and there is certainty that the service is not covered or is coded
incorrectly. Complex reviews involve the review of all underlying medical records supporting the claim; and are generally conducted where
there is a high likelihood, but not certainty, that an overpayment has occurred. RACs are paid a contingency fee based on overpayments
identified and collected. 

A
Medicare administrative contractor, or MAC, may suspend Medicare payments to a provider if it determines that an overpayment has occurred.
When a Medicare claim for payment is filed, the MAC will notify the patient and the provider of its initial determination regarding reimbursement.
The MAC may deny the claim for one of several reasons, including the lack of necessary information or lack of medical necessity for the
services rendered. Providers may appeal any denials for claim payments. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, any such
reviews under the RAC program or denials by the MAC could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

62 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, we will
be subject to the Anti-Kickback Statute, FCA, Civil Monetary Penalties statute and analogous provisions of applicable state laws and
could face substantial penalties if we fail to comply with such laws. 

Anti-Kickback
Statute 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, if we
are participants in the Medicare program, we will be subject to the Anti-kickback Statute. The Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits the knowing
and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of remuneration, directly or indirectly, in return for the referral of patients or
arranging for the referral of patients, or in return for the recommendation, arrangement, purchase, lease or order of items or services
that are covered, in whole or in part, by a federal healthcare program such as Medicare or Medicaid. The term remuneration 
has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value such as gifts, discounts, rebates, waiver of payments or providing anything
at less than its fair market value. The ACA amended the intent requirement of the Anti-Kickback Statute such that a person or entity
can be found guilty of violating the statute without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violation the statute. Further,
the ACA now provides that claims submitted in violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitute false or fraudulent claims for purposes
of the civil False Claims Act, or FCA, including the failure to timely return an overpayment. Many states have adopted similar prohibitions
against kickbacks and other practices that are intended to influence the purchase, lease or ordering of healthcare items and services
reimbursed by a governmental health program or state Medicaid program. Some of these state prohibitions apply to remuneration for referrals
of healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial payors. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, if we
accept funds from governmental health programs, we will be subject to the Anti-Kickback Statute. Violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute
can result in exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs as well as civil and criminal penalties, such as 25,000
per violation and up to three times the remuneration involved. If in violation, we may be required to enter into settlement agreements
with the government to avoid such sanctions. Typically, such settlement agreements require substantial payments to the government in
exchange for the government to release its claims, and may also require entry into a corporate integrity agreement, or CIA. Any such
sanctions or obligations contained in a CIA could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

False
Claims Act 

The
federal civil FCA prohibits providers from, among other things, (1) knowingly presenting or causing to be presented, claims for payments
from the Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs that are false or fraudulent; (2) knowingly making, using or causing
to be made or used, a false record or statement to get a false or fraudulent claim paid or approved by the federal government; or (3)
knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay
money to the federal government. The qui tam or whistleblower provisions of the FCA allow private individuals
to bring actions under the FCA on behalf of the government. These private parties are entitled to share in any amounts recovered by the
government, and, as a result, the number of whistleblower lawsuits that have been filed against providers has increased
significantly in recent years. Defendants found to be liable under the FCA may be required to pay three times the actual damages sustained
by the government, plus mandatory civil penalties ranging between 5,500 and 11,000 for each separate false claim. 

There
are many potential bases for liability under the FCA. The government has used the FCA to prosecute Medicare and other government healthcare
program fraud such as coding errors, billing for services not provided, and providing care that is not medically necessary or that is
substandard in quality. The ACA also provides that claims submitted in connection with patient referrals that results from violations
of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitute false claims for the purpose of the FCA, and some courts have held that a violation of the Stark
law can result in FCA liability, as well. In addition, a number of states have adopted their own false claims and whistleblower provisions
whereby a private party may file a civil lawsuit in state court. Following the acquisition of one or more clinics or staffing primary
healthcare practitioners in the United States, we will be required to provide information to our employees and certain contractors about
state and federal false claims laws and whistleblower provisions and protections. 

63 

Civil
Monetary Penalties Statute 

The
federal Civil Monetary Penalties statute prohibits, among other things, the offering or giving of remuneration to a Medicare or Medicaid
beneficiary that the person or entity knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider
or supplier of items or services reimbursable by a federal or state healthcare program. 

The
scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to constant change. Federal and state enforcement entities have
significantly increased their scrutiny of healthcare companies and providers which has led to investigations, prosecutions, convictions
and large settlements. Following the acquisition of one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States,
although we intend to conduct our business in compliance with all applicable United States federal and state fraud and abuse laws, many
of these laws are broadly worded and may be interpreted or applied in ways that cannot be predicted with any certainty. Therefore, we
cannot assure you that our arrangements or business practices will not be subject to government scrutiny or will be found to be in compliance
with applicable fraud and abuse laws. Further, responding to investigations can be time consuming and result in significant legal fees
and can potentially divert management s attention from the Company. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, we will
be subject to the data privacy, security and breach notification requirements of HIPAA, HITECH and other data privacy and security laws,
and the failure to comply with these rules, or allegations that we have failed to do so, could result in civil or criminal sanctions. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics or the staffing of multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinics, affiliate clinics or eldercare centric homes with clinicians and practitioners in the United States, numerous
federal and state laws and regulations, including HIPAA and HITECH, will govern the collection, dissemination, security, use and confidentiality
of patient-identifiable health information. As required by HIPAA, HHS has adopted standards to protect the privacy and security of this
health-related information. The HIPAA privacy regulations contain detailed requirements concerning the use and disclosure of individually
identifiable health information and the grant of certain rights to patients with respect to such information by covered entities. 
The Company and each of our clinics is considered a covered entity under HIPAA. We will take actions to comply with the HIPAA privacy
regulations including the creation and implementation of policies and procedures, staff training, execution of HIPAA-compliant contractual
arrangements with certain service providers and various other measures. Although we believe we will be in substantial compliance, ongoing
implementation and oversight of these measures involves significant time, effort and expense. 

In
addition to the privacy requirements, HIPAA covered entities must implement certain administrative, physical, and technical security
standards to protect the integrity, confidentiality and availability of certain electronic health-related information received, maintained,
or transmitted by covered entities or their business associates. Although, we will take actions in an effort to be in compliance with
these security regulations, a security incident that bypasses our information security systems causing an information security breach,
loss of PHI or other data subject to privacy laws or a material disruption of our operational systems could have a material adverse effect
on our business, along with fines. Furthermore, ongoing implementation and oversight of these security measures involves significant
time, effort and expense. 

Further,
HITECH, as implemented in part by an omnibus final rule published in the Federal Register on January 25, 2013, further requires that
patients be notified of any unauthorized acquisition, access, use, or disclosure of their unsecured PHI that compromises the privacy
or security of such information. HHS has established the presumption that all unauthorized uses or disclosures of unsecured PHI constitute
breaches unless the covered entity or business associate establishes that there is a low probability the information has been compromised.
HITECH and implementing regulations specify that such notifications must be made without unreasonable delay and in no case later than
60 calendar days after discovery of the breach. Breaches affecting 500 patients or more must be reported immediately to HHS, which will
post the name of the breaching entity on its public website. Furthermore, breaches affecting 500 patients or more in the same state or
jurisdiction must also be reported to the local media. If a breach involves fewer than 500 people, the covered entity must record it
in a log and notify HHS of such breaches at least annually. These breach notification requirements apply not only to unauthorized disclosures
of unsecured PHI to outside third parties but also to unauthorized internal access to or use of such PHI. 

64 

The
scope of the privacy and security requirements under HIPAA was substantially expanded by HITECH, which also increased penalties for violations.
Penalties for violations of these laws vary. For instance, penalties for failure to comply with a requirement of HIPAA and HITECH vary
significantly, and include significant civil monetary penalties and, in certain circumstances, criminal penalties with fines up to 250,000
per violation and/or imprisonment. In addition, numerous breach incidents could lead to possible penalties in excess of 1.68 million.
A person who knowingly obtains or discloses individually identifiable health information in violation of HIPAA may face a criminal penalty
of up to 50,000 and up to one-year imprisonment. The criminal penalties increase if the wrongful conduct involves false pretenses or
the intent to sell, transfer or use identifiable health information for commercial advantage, personal gain or malicious harm. The amount
of penalty that may be assessed depends, in part, upon the culpability of the applicable covered entity or business associate in committing
the violation. Some penalties for certain violations that were not due to willful neglect may be waived by the Secretary
of HHS in whole or in part, to the extent that the payment of the penalty would be excessive relative to the violation. HITECH also authorized
state attorneys general to file suit on behalf of residents of their states. Applicable courts may be able to award damages, costs and
attorneys fees related to violations of HIPAA in such cases. HITECH also mandates that the Secretary of HHS conduct periodic compliance
audits of a cross-section of HIPAA covered entities and business associates. Every covered entity and business associate is subject to
being audited, regardless of the entity s compliance record. 

State
laws may impose more protective privacy restrictions related to health information and may afford individuals a private right of action
with respect to the violation of such laws. Both state and federal laws are subject to modification or enhancement of privacy protection
at any time. We are subject to any federal or state privacy-related laws that are more restrictive than the privacy regulations issued
under HIPAA. These statutes vary and could impose additional requirements on us and more severe penalties for disclosures of health information.
If we fail to comply with HIPAA, similar state laws or any new laws, including laws addressing data confidentiality, security or breach
notification, we could incur substantial monetary penalties and substantial damage to our reputation. 

States
may also impose restrictions related to the confidentiality of personal information that is not considered PHI under HIPAA, including
certain identifying information and financial information of our patients. Theses state laws may impose additional notification requirements
in the event of a breach of such personal information. Failure to comply with such data confidentiality, security and breach notification
laws may result in substantial monetary penalties. 

HIPAA
and HITECH also include standards for common healthcare electronic transactions and code sets, such as claims information, plan eligibility
and payment information. Covered entities such as the Company and each of our centers will be required to conform to such transaction
set standards. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinics or the staffing of multidisciplinary
primary healthcare clinics, affiliate clinics or eldercare centric homes with clinicians and practitioners in the United States, if we
fail to effectively and timely implement electronic health record systems, our operation could be adversely affected. 

As
required by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, the Secretary of HHS has developed and implemented an incentive payment
program for eligible healthcare professionals that adopt and meaningfully use electronic health record, or EHR, technology. HHS uses
the Provider Enrollment, Chain and Ownership System, or PECOS, to verify Medicare enrollment prior to making EHR incentive program payments.
If our employed professionals are unable to meet the requirements for participation in the incentive payment program, including having
an enrollment record in PECOS, we will not be eligible to receive incentive payments that could offset some of the costs of implementing
EHR systems. Further, healthcare professionals that fail to demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology are subject to reduced
payments from Medicare. System conversions to comply with EHR could be time consuming and disruptive for physicians and employees. Failure
to implement EHR systems effectively and in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results
of operations. 

Following
the intended acquisition, or opening, of one or more clinics or staffing primary healthcare practitioners in the United States, we will
convert certain of our clinical and patient accounting information system applications to newer versions of existing applications or
altogether new applications. In connection with our implementation and conversions, we will likely incur capitalized costs and additional
training and implementation expenses. 

65 

If
we fail to comply with laws and regulations related to the protection of the environment and human health and safety, we could incur
substantial penalties and fines. 

We
are subject to various federal, state and local and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and human health and safety,
including those governing the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites and the maintenance
of a safe workplace. Some of our operations include the use, generation and disposal of hazardous materials. We also plan to acquire
ownership in new facilities and properties, some of which may have had a history of commercial or other operations. We may, in the future,
incur liability under environmental statutes and regulations with respect to contamination of sites we own or operate, including contamination
caused by prior owners or operators of such sites, abutters or other persons, and the off-site disposal of hazardous substances. Violations
of these laws and regulations may result in substantial civil penalties or fines. 

Risks
Related to our Telemedicine Medical Technology Platform, RPM Medical Technology Platform and Novo Connect Medical Technology Platform 

We
may be unsuccessful in the development, usage, application and commercialization of each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms. 

Our
Telemedicine Medical Technology Platform, which is currently operating with limited usage and remains primarily under development, is
intended to provide patients with real-time access to third-party primary care medically licensed physicians and specialists in various
disciplines as well as multidisciplinary healthcare clinicians. Telemedicine is transforming traditional approaches to all components
of the health industry by providing ease of access and reduced costs for patients, particularly in areas with limited access to primary
care licensed physicians, nurses, nurse practitioners, specialists and multidisciplinary primary care clinicians. Our advanced Telemedicine
Medical Technology Platform intends to integrate certain medical devices, such as a blood pressure reading device, a derma scope and
an ophthalmoscope otoscope, each of which can provide the doctor with real-time diagnostic data, greatly enhancing the doctor s
ability to provide the patient with an accurate diagnosis. Our Telemedicine Medical Technology Platform is intended to allow any type
of healthcare clinic or location to install and utilize our Telemedicine Medical Technology Platform at a relatively low-cost point of
entry. 

Our
RPM Medical Technology Platform, which is currently operating with limited usage and remains primarily under development, is intended
to empower a patient with real-time vital sign information while maintaining a direct technology link from patient to clinician or medical
practitioner. The transfer of vital information from home to clinic or patient to clinician allows for the delivery of high quality,
non-redundant diagnostic based proactive healthcare. We intend to expand our RPM Platform to not only our Canadian clinics and affiliate
clinics but to clinics and medically licensed providers throughout Canada and the United States. 

Our
Novo Connect Medical Technology Platform is currently in development and limited commercialization. Novo Connect is intended to be a
cloud-based app designed as a secure patient-centered portal which will allow the integration of numerous source systems for patient
interface by facilitating communication between the patient and the patient s provider. The Novo Connect app will be developed
for Web, iOS and Android application to optimize communication between source systems. Novo Connect is being designed to allow patients
to have direct control of their overall healthcare and wellness by providing a suite of secure, reliable engagement features 

The
success of our Medical Technology Platforms will be highly dependent upon our ability to develop relationships with both Canadian based
and United States based medically licensed primary care providers and specialist in addition to multidisciplinary primary healthcare
clinicians. 

Our
success will be highly dependent upon our ability to develop relationships with our patients, primary care medically licensed physicians,
nurse practitioners, and specialists in addition to multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians and practitioners. If we cannot generate
relationships with these medical professionals to translate into service contracts or licensing agreements for our Medical Technology
Platforms, we may need to cease the development and commercialization of each or all Medical Technology Platform. 

66 

Our
Medical Technology Platforms may not be accepted in the Canadian and United States marketplace. 

Uncertainty
exists as to whether our Medical Technology Platforms will be accepted by potential users; including, but not limited to third-party
Canadian based and United States based primary care medically licensed physicians and specialists in various medical disciplines, multidisciplinary
primary care clinicians and practitioners; as well as patients. A number of factors may limit the market acceptance of our Medical Technology
Platforms including the price relative to other product offerings. There is a risk that primary care medically licensed physicians and
specialists, multidisciplinary primary healthcare clinicians or patient acceptance will be encouraged to continue to use other products
and/or methods instead of ours. We are assuming that, notwithstanding the fact that our Medical Technology Platforms will be new in the
market, primary care medically licensed physicians and specialists, multidisciplinary healthcare clinicians, or patient acceptance will
elect not to use each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms simply because it will provide ease of access and reduced costs for
patients. 

Primary
care medically licensed physicians and specialists, multidisciplinary healthcare clinicians and patients need to be persuaded that our
Medical Technology Platform services are justified for the anticipated benefit, but there is no assurance that sufficient numbers of
patients will be convinced to enable a successful market to develop for each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms. 

In
the event that we are not able to market and significantly increase the number of primary care medically licensed physicians and specialists,
multidisciplinary healthcare clinicians, or patients that use our Medical Technology Platforms, or if we are unable to charge the necessary
prices, we may need to cease operating each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms. 

Defects
or malfunctions in our Medical Technology Platforms could hurt our reputation, sales and profitability. 

The
acceptance of our Medical Technology Platforms will depend upon their effectiveness and reliability. Each of our Medical Technology Platforms
will be complex and will be continually modified and improved, and as such may contain undetected defects or errors when first introduced
or as new versions are released. To the extent that defects or errors cause each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms to malfunction
and our customers use of our Medical Technology Platforms is interrupted, our reputation could suffer, and our potential revenues
could decline or be delayed while such defects are remedied. We may also be subject to liability for the defects and malfunctions. 

There
can be no assurance that, despite our testing, errors will not be found in each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms or new releases,
resulting in loss of future revenues or delay in market acceptance, diversion of development resources, damage to our reputation, adverse
litigation, or increased service, any of which would have a material adverse effect upon our business, operating results and financial
condition. 

Software
failures, breakdowns in the operations of our servers and communications systems or the failure to implement system enhancements could
harm our business. 

The
operational success of our Medical Technology Platforms will depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our servers and communications
systems. A failure of our network or data gathering procedures could impede services and could result in the loss of primary care medically
licensed physicians and specialists, multidisciplinary primary care clinicians or patients. While all our operations will have disaster
recovery plans in place, they might not adequately protect us. Despite any precautions we take, damage from fire, floods, hurricanes,
power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, break-ins and similar events at our computer facilities could result in interruptions
in the flow of data to our servers and from our servers to our clients. In addition, any failure by our computer environment to provide
our required data communications capacity could result in interruptions in our service. In the event of a server failure, we could be
required to transfer our client data collection operations to an alternative provider of server hosting services. Such a transfer could
result in delays in our ability to deliver our products and services to our clients. 

Additionally,
significant delays in the planned delivery of system enhancements, improvements, and inadequate performance of the systems once they
are completed could damage our reputation and harm our business. Long-term disruptions in the infrastructure caused by events such as
natural disasters, the outbreak of war, the escalation of hostilities and acts of terrorism, particularly involving cities in which we
have offices, could adversely affect our businesses. Although we currently carry, and intend to continue to carry property and business
interruption insurance for our business operations, our coverage might not be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur. 

67 

We
face risks related to the storage of customers and their end users confidential and proprietary information. 

Our
Medical Technology Platforms are and will continue to be designed to maintain the confidentiality and security of our patients 
confidential and proprietary data stored on our server systems, which may include sensitive personal data. However, any accidental or
willful security breaches or other unauthorized access to these data could expose us to liability for the loss of such information, time-consuming
and expensive litigation and other possible liabilities as well as negative publicity. Techniques used to obtain unauthorized access
or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are difficult to recognize and react to. We may be unable to anticipate these
techniques or implement adequate preventative or reactionary measures. 

We
might incur substantial expense to further develop each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms which may never become sufficiently
successful. 

Our
business growth initiatives include the successful development, launch and operations of each and all of our Medical Technology Platforms.
Although management will take every precaution to ensure that our Medical Technology Platforms will, with a high degree of likelihood,
achieve commercial success, there can be no assurance that this will be the case. The causes for failure of each or all of our Medical
Technology Platforms, once commercialized, can be numerous, including: 

market
 demand for each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms proves to be smaller than we expect; 

further
 each or all of our Medical Technology Platform s development (i) turns out to be costlier than anticipated or takes longer;
 (ii) requires significant adjustment post commercialization, rendering the each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms uneconomic
 or extending considerably the likely investment return period; (iii) additional regulatory requirements may increase the overall
 costs of the development; patent conflicts or unenforceable intellectual property rights; and (iv) primary care medically licensed
 physicians and specialists and clients may be unwilling to adopt and/or use each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms. 

Compliance
 with changing regulations concerning corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses. 

We
will be applying to obtain trademark and copyright protection, and possibly patent protection as applicable, but cannot guarantee we
will obtain these applications and protections for each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms. 

We
believe that our success and competitive position will depend in part on our ability to submit for, obtain, and maintain copyright, trademark,
and possibly patent protection for each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms. We are still in the process of evaluating the patent
potential of each and all of our Medical Technology Platforms given the various applications are open source. The Patent Office typically
requires 12-24 months or more to process a patent application with the entire patent process being both costly and time-consuming. If
the Company pursues copyright, trademark and/or patent application and protection, there can be no assurance that any of our potential
patent applications will be approved. Also, there can be no assurance that any copyright, trademark or potential patents issued or licensed
to us will provide protection against competitive products, protect us against changes in industry trends which we have may not have
anticipated or otherwise protect the commercial viability of each or all of our Medical Technology Platforms. The cost of litigation
to uphold the validity of a copyright, trademark, and/or patent and enforce it against infringement can be substantial. Even issued patents
may later be modified or revoked by the Patent and Trademark Office or in legal proceedings. Patent applications in the United States
and Canada are maintained in secrecy until the patent issues and, since publication of patents tends to lag actual discoveries, we cannot
be certain that if we obtain patents for our product, we were the first creator of the inventions covered by a pending-patent applications
or the first to file patent applications on such inventions. As of August 31, 2024, the Company has not filed any trademark, copyright
or patent applications related to our Medical Technology Platforms. 

Government
regulation of the Internet and e-commerce is evolving, and unfavorable changes could substantially harm our business and results of operations. 

We
are subject to general business regulations and laws as well as federal, state and provincial regulations and laws specifically governing
the internet and e-commerce. Existing and future laws and regulations may impede the growth of the use of the internet, availability
of economic broadband access, or other online services, and increase the cost of providing our digital delivery of content and services.
These regulations and laws may cover taxation, tariffs, user privacy, data protection, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, electronic
contracts and other communications, consumer protection, broadband internet access and the characteristics and quality of services. It
is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, sales, use and other taxes, libel and personal privacy apply
to the internet and e-commerce. Unfavorable resolution of these issues may harm our business and results of operations. 

68 

Risks
Related to the United States Regulatory System as to Medicinal CBD Products 

Possible
yet unanticipated changes in U.S. federal and state law could cause any products that we may launch, containing hemp-derived CBD oil,
to be illegal, or could otherwise prohibit, limit or restrict any of our prospective products containing CBD. 

Until
2014, when 7 U.S. Code 5940 became federal law as part of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014 Farm Act ), products
containing oils derived from hemp, notwithstanding a minimal or non-existing THC content, were classified as Schedule I illegal drugs.
The 2014 Farm Act expired on September 30, 2018, and was thereafter replaced by the Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018 on December
20, 2018 (the 2018 Farm Act ), which amended various sections of the U.S. Code, thereby removing hemp, defined as cannabis
with less than 0.3 of THC, from Schedule 1 status under the Controlled Substances Act CSA ), and legalizing the cultivation
and sale of hemp at the federal level, subject to compliance with certain federal requirements and state law, amongst other things. THC
is the psychoactive component of plants in the cannabis family generally identified as marihuana or marijuana. We anticipate our prospective
medical CBD products will be federally legal in the United States in that they will contain less than 0.3 of THC in compliance with
the 2018 Farm Bill guidelines and will have no psychoactive effects on our patients and customers bodies. Notwithstanding, there is no
assurance that the 2018 Farm Act will not be repealed or amended such that our products containing hemp-derived CBD would once again
be deemed illegal under federal law. 

The
2018 Farm Bill also shifted regulatory authority from the Drug Enforcement Administration to the Department of Agriculture. The 2018
Farm Bill did not change the United States Food and Drug Administration s FDA oversight authority over CBD products.
The 2018 Farm Act delegated the authority to the states to regulate and limit the production of hemp and hemp derived products within
their territories. Although many states have adopted laws and regulations that allow for the production and sale of hemp and hemp derived
products under certain circumstances, no assurance can be given that such state laws may not be repealed or amended such that our intended
products containing hemp-derived CBD would once again be deemed illegal under the laws of one or more states now permitting such products,
which in turn would render such intended products illegal in those states under federal law even if the federal law is unchanged. In
the event of either repeal of federal or of state laws and regulations, or of amendments thereto that are adverse to our prospective
medicinal CBD products, we may be restricted or limited with respect to those products that we may sell or distribute, which could adversely
impact our intended business plan with respect to such intended products. 

Additionally,
the FDA has indicated its view that certain types of products containing CBD may not be permissible under the United States Federal Food,
Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA ). The FDA s position is related to its approval of Epidiolex, a marijuana-derived prescription
medicine to be available in the United States. The active ingredient in Epidiolex is CBD. On December 20, 2018, after the passage of
the 2018 Farm Bill, FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb issued a statement in which he reiterated the FDA s position that, among other
things, the FDA requires a cannabis product (hemp-derived or otherwise) that is marketed with a claim of therapeutic benefit, or with
any other disease claim, to be approved by the FDA for its intended use before it may be introduced into interstate commerce and that
the FDCA prohibits introducing into interstate commerce food products containing added CBD, and marketing products containing CBD as
a dietary supplement, regardless of whether the substances are hemp-derived. Although our prospective medicinal CBD product offerings
will comply with applicable federal and state laws and regulations, legal proceedings alleging violations of such laws could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

69 

FDA
regulation could negatively affect the hemp industry, which would directly affect our financial condition. 

The
FDA may seek expanded regulation of hemp under the FDCA. Additionally, the FDA may issue rules and regulations, including certified good
manufacturing practices, or cGMP s, related to the growth, cultivation, harvesting and processing of hemp. Clinical trials may
be needed to verify efficacy and safety. It is also possible that the FDA would require that facilities where hemp is grown register
with the FDA and comply with certain federally prescribed regulations. In the event some or all of these regulations are imposed, we
do not know what the impact would be on the hemp industry, including what costs, requirements and possible prohibitions may be enforced.
If we or our partners are unable to comply with the regulations or registration as prescribed by the FDA, we and or our partners may
be unable to continue to operate their and our business in its current or planned form or at all. 

Sources
of hemp-derived CBD depend upon legality of cultivation, processing, marketing and sales of products derived from those plants under
state law of the United States. 

Hemp-derived
CBD can only be legally produced in states that have laws and regulations that allow for such production and that comply with the 2018
Farm Act, apart from state laws legalizing and regulating medical and recreational cannabis or marijuana, which remains illegal under
federal law and regulations. Initially, we intend to use hemp-derived CBD from growers and processors in Canada where such production
is legal to produce our prospective medicinal CBD products. Although hemp and hemp seeds may legally be imported into the United States,
the importation of products containing THC, including CBD products, into the United States may be illegal if the CBD products cause THC
to enter the human body. In that case, we will be required to purchase all our hemp-derived prospective medicinal CBD products from licensed
growers and processors in states in the United States where such production is legal. In addition, as described in the preceding risk
factor, in the event of repeal or amendment of laws and regulations which are now favorable to the cannabis/hemp industry in such states,
we would be required to locate new suppliers in states with laws and regulations that qualify under the 2018 Farm Act. If we were to
be unsuccessful in arranging new sources of supply of our raw ingredients, or if our raw ingredients were to become legally unavailable,
our intended business plan with respect to such products could be adversely impacted. 

Because
our distributors may only sell and ship our products containing hemp-derived CBD in states that have adopted laws and regulations qualifying
under the 2018 Farm Act, a reduction in the number of states having such qualifying laws and regulations could limit, restrict or otherwise
preclude the sale of intended products containing hemp-derived CBD. 

The
interstate shipment of hemp-derived CBD from one state to another is legal only where both states have laws and regulations that allow
for the production and sale of such products and that qualify under the 2018 Farm Act. Therefore, the marketing and sale of our intended
products containing hemp-derived CBD is limited by such factors and is restricted to such states. Although we believe we may lawfully
sell any of our finished products, including those containing CBD, in a majority of states, a repeal or adverse amendment of laws and
regulations that are now favorable to the distribution, marketing and sale of finished products we intend to sell could significantly
limit, restrict or prevent us from generating revenue related to our products that contain hemp-derived CBD. Any such repeal or adverse
amendment of now favorable laws and regulations could have an adverse impact on our business plan with respect to such products. 

Due
to projected expansion into the CBD industry, we may have a difficult time obtaining the various insurances that are desired to operate
our business, which may expose us to additional risk and financial liability. 

Insurance
that is otherwise readily available, such as general liability, and directors and officer s insurance, may become more difficult
for us to find, and more expensive, due to our intended launch of certain medically related products containing hemp-derived CBD. There
are no guarantees that we will be able to find such insurances in the future, or that the cost will be affordable to us. If we are forced
to go without such insurances, it may prevent us from entering into certain business sectors, may inhibit our growth, and may expose
us to additional risk and financial liabilities. 

70 

Our
products may not meet health and safety standards or could become contaminated. 

We
have adopted various quality, environmental, health and safety standards. We do not have control over all the third parties involved
in the manufacturing of our products and their compliance with government health and safety standards. Even if our products meet these
standards, they could otherwise become contaminated. A failure to meet these standards or contamination could occur in our operations
or those of our manufacturers, distributors, or suppliers. This could result in expensive production interruptions, recalls and liability
claims. Moreover, negative publicity could be generated from false, unfounded, or nominal liability claims or limited recalls. Any of
these failures or occurrences could negatively affect our business and financial performance. 

The
sale of our products involves product liability and related risks that could expose us to significant insurance and loss expenses. 

We
face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims if the use of our products results in, or is believed to have resulted
in, illness or injury. Our products contain combinations of ingredients, and there is little long-term experience with the effect of
these combinations. In addition, interactions of these products with other products, prescription medicines and over-the-counter drugs
have not been fully explored or understood and may have unintended consequences. While our third-party manufacturers perform tests in
connection with the formulations of our products, these tests are not designed to evaluate the inherent safety of our products. 

Any
product liability claim may increase our costs and adversely affect our revenue and operating income. Moreover, liability claims arising
from a serious adverse event may increase our costs through higher insurance premiums and deductibles and may make it more difficult
to secure adequate insurance coverage in the future. In addition, our product liability insurance may fail to cover future product liability
claims, which, if adversely determined, could subject us to substantial monetary damages. 

Confusion
between legal CBD and illegal cannabis. 

There
is the risk that confusion or uncertainty surrounding products that are offered with regulated cannabis could occur on the state or federal
level and impact us. We may have difficulty with establishing banking relationships, working with investment banks and brokers who would
be willing to offer and sell our securities or accept deposits from shareholders, and auditors willing to certify our financial statements
if we are confused with businesses that are in the cannabis business. Any of these additional factors, should they occur, could also
affect our business, prospects, assets or results of operation could have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results
of operations or financial condition of the Company. 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock and our Status as a Public Company 

Trading
on the OTC Markets is volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for our security
holders to resell their common stock. 

Our
common stock currently trades on the OTC Pink tier of OTC Market Group LLC s Marketplace under the symbol NVOS. The
OTC Market is a network of security dealers who buy and sell stock. The dealers are connected by a computer network that provides information
on current bids and asks, as well as volume information. Trading in securities quoted on the OTC Markets
is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors, some of which may have little to do with
our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating
performance. Moreover, the OTC Markets is not a stock exchange, and trading of securities on the OTC Markets is often more sporadic than
the trading of securities listed on a national securities exchange like The Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange. These
factors may result in investors having difficulty reselling any shares of our common stock. 

71 

Our
stock price is likely to be highly volatile because of several factors, including a limited public float. 

The
market price of our common stock has been volatile in the past and the market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile
in the future. You may not be able to sell shares of our common stock following periods of volatility because of the market s adverse
reaction to volatility. 

Other
factors that could cause such volatility may include, among other things: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

the
 absence of securities analysts covering us and distributing research and recommendations about us; 

we
 may have a low trading volume; 

overall
 market fluctuations; 

announcements
 concerning our business or those of our competitors; 

actual
 or perceived limitations on our ability to raise capital when we require it, and to raise such capital on favorable terms; 

conditions
 or trends in the industry; 

litigation; 

changes
 in market valuations of other similar companies; 

future
 sales of common stock; 

departure
 of key personnel or failure to hire key personnel; and 

general
 market conditions. 

Any
of these factors could have a significant and adverse impact on the market price of our common stock and/or warrants. In addition, the
stock market in general has at times experienced extreme volatility and rapid decline that has often been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common
stock and/or warrants, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

Our
common stock is a penny stock under SEC rules. It may be more difficult to sell securities classified as penny stock. 

Our
common stock is a penny stock under applicable SEC rules (generally defined as non-exchange traded stock with a per-share
price below 5.00). Unless we successfully list our common stock on a national securities exchange, or maintain a per-share price above
 5.00, these rules impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that recommend the purchase or sale of penny stocks
to persons other than those who qualify as established customers or accredited investors. For example, broker-dealers
must determine the appropriateness for non-qualifying persons of investments in penny stocks. Broker-dealers must also provide, prior
to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information
about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer
quotations for the penny stock, disclose the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, furnish monthly
account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account, provide a special written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser, and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. 

Legal
remedies available to an investor in penny stocks may include the following: 

If
 a penny stock is sold to the investor in violation of the requirements listed above, or other federal or states securities
 laws, the investor may be able to cancel the purchase and receive a refund of the investment. 

If
 a penny stock is sold to the investor in a fraudulent manner, the investor may be able to sue the persons and firms
 that committed the fraud for damages. 

These
requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security that becomes
subject to the penny stock rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers
from effecting transactions in our securities, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements
may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect your ability to sell our common stock. 

72 

Many
brokerage firms will discourage or refrain from recommending investments in penny stocks. Most institutional investors will not invest
in penny stocks. In addition, many individual investors will not invest in penny stocks due, among other reasons, to the increased financial
risk generally associated with these investments. 

For
these reasons, penny stocks may have a limited market and, consequently, limited liquidity. We can give no assurance at what time, if
ever, our common stock will not be classified as a penny stock in the future. 

If
we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, the price of our securities may be adversely affected. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting may have weaknesses and conditions that could require correction or remediation, the disclosure
of which may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. We are required to establish and maintain appropriate internal
control over financial reporting. Failure to establish those controls, or any failure of those controls once established, could adversely
affect our public disclosures regarding our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, management s
assessment of internal control over financial reporting may identify weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal
control over financial reporting or other matters that may raise concerns for investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions
that need to be addressed in our internal control over financial reporting or disclosure of management s assessment of our internal
control over financial reporting may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. 

As
a result of being a public company, we are subject to additional reporting and corporate governance requirements that will require additional
management time, resources, and expense. 

As
a public company we are obligated to file with the SEC annual and quarterly information and other reports that are specified in the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We are also subject to other reporting and corporate governance requirements
under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, all of which impose significant
compliance and reporting obligations upon us and require us to incur additional expense in order to fulfill such obligations. 

We
are required to comply with certain provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and if we fail to continue to comply, our business
could be harmed and the price of our securities could decline. 

Rules
adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act require an annual assessment of internal control over financial
reporting, and for certain issuers an attestation of this assessment by the issuer s independent registered public accounting firm.
The standards that must be met for management to assess the internal control over financial reporting as effective are evolving and complex,
and require significant documentation, testing, and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards. We expect to incur significant
expenses and to devote resources to Section 404 compliance on an ongoing basis. It is difficult for us to predict how long it will take
or costly it will be to complete the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for each year and
to remediate any deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we may not be able to complete the assessment
and remediation process on a timely basis. In the event that our Chief Executive Officer or Principal Financial Officer determines that
our internal control over financial reporting is not effective as defined under Section 404, we cannot predict how regulators will react
or how the market prices of our securities will be affected; however, we believe that there is a risk that investor confidence and the
market value of our securities may be negatively affected. 

Shares
eligible for future sale may adversely affect the market. 

From
time to time, certain of our stockholders may be eligible to sell all or some of their shares of common stock by means of ordinary brokerage
transactions in the open market pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, subject to certain limitations. In general,
pursuant to Rule 144, non-affiliate stockholders may sell freely after six months, subject only to the current public information requirement.
Affiliates may sell after six months, subject to the Rule 144 volume, manner of sale (for equity securities), current public information,
and notice requirements. Of the approximately 19,730,247 shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 17, 2024, approximately
18,101,244 shares are tradable without restriction. Given the limited trading of our common stock, re-sale of even a small number of
shares of our common stock pursuant to Rule 144 or an effective registration statement may adversely affect the market price of our common
stock. 

73 

Substantial
future sales of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

The
market price of shares of our common stock could decline as a result of substantial sales of our common stock, particularly sales by
our directors, executive officers and significant stockholders, a large number of shares of our common stock becoming available for sale
or the perception in the market that holders of a large number of shares intend to sell their shares. 

Provisions
of our amended and restated articles of incorporation and bylaws may delay or prevent a takeover which may not be in the best interests
of our stockholders. 

Provisions
of our amended and restated articles of incorporation and our bylaws, as amended, may be deemed to have anti-takeover effects, which
include when and by whom special meetings of our stockholders may be called, and may delay, defer or prevent a takeover attempt. Further,
our amended and restated articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors in their sole discretion. Our board of directors may,
without stockholder approval, issue series of preferred stock with dividends, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights that could
adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. 

We
do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
do not intend to declare dividends for the foreseeable future, as we anticipate that we will reinvest any future earnings in the development
and growth of our business. Therefore, investors will not receive any funds unless they sell their common stock, and stockholders may
be unable to sell their shares on favorable terms. We cannot assure you of a positive return on investment or that you will not lose
the entire amount of your investment in our common stock. 

Risk
Factors Related to Product Manufacturing 

We
may be unable to obtain raw materials for our current and planned products due to unexpected shortages, lack of availability, increased
costs and price fluctuations, which could limit our ability to manufacture any products and could adversely affect our sales and results
of operations. 

We
currently manufacture nutraceutical products that we sell to private label customers, and we also plan to begin manufacturing and selling
our own branded nutraceutical products. The principal raw materials used in the manufacturing process in the Company s current
and planned nutraceutical business include vitamins and minerals both of natural and synthetic source, herbal ingredients and vegetable/fruit
powders/extracts either natural or certified organic, other nutritional supplements such as soft-gel, capsules and tablets in bulk form,
powdered proteins either regular, plant or certified organic, powdered amino acid and energy/muscle building ingredients, vegetable and
gelatin capsules, processing excipients, coating materials, and the necessary components for packaging the finished products. 

The
raw materials are available from numerous sources within the United States, Canada and abroad as are the vegetable and gelatin capsules,
coating materials and packaging materials. However, the availability of such raw materials is subject to change. For example an unexpected
interruption of supply or a significant increase in the cost of raw materials we need, for any reason, such as regulatory requirements,
changes in governmental trade and agricultural programs, increased global competition for resources and consumer demand, import restrictions,
loss of certifications or licenses, disruption of distribution channels as a result of weather, terrorism or acts of war, fire, earthquake,
or other natural or man-made disaster, a work stoppage or other labor-related disruption, failure in supply or other logistical channels,
electrical outages, or other events, could result in significant cost increases and/or shortages of our current and planned products.
Additionally, the prices of packaging materials and freight are subject to fluctuations which would cause the Company s costs to
increase and would also cause the Company to increase our prices. If our competitors do not also increase their prices, customers and
consumers may choose to purchase competing products or may shift purchases to lower-priced private label or other value offerings which
may adversely affect the Company s results of operations. Further, we currently use, as well as plan to use pouches which are prepared
by third parties in the manufacturing of our current and planned products, and such pouches may either become unavailable or may become
damaged by the third parties that prepare them. Our inability to obtain adequate supplies of raw materials in a timely manner or a material
increase in the price of the raw materials used in our products due to any of the foregoing, could limit our ability to manufacture any
products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

74 

Our
planned acquisition of raw materials from international sources subjects us to risk from currency fluctuations. 

We
plan in part to acquire raw materials from international sources, which subjects us to risks from currency fluctuations, such as changes
in foreign exchange rates. For example, if the value of a foreign currency used to purchase from an international supplier were to increase
compared to the value of the U.S. dollar, we could receive less value for purchases of raw materials when purchasing in such other country,
which could force us to increase our prices, or settle for lower margins on our product sales. If either of these outcomes occur, our
results of operations may be harmed. 

Our
business is subject to inherent risks relating to product liability and personal injury claims, our quality control processes may fail
to detect issues in the ingredients we use to make our products and our product liability insurance may be insufficient to cover possible
claims against us which would adversely affect our operating results. 

Our
Company, like other manufacturers, wholesalers and distributors of nutraceutical products, faces an inherent risk of exposure to product
liability and personal injury claims if, among other things, the use or ingestion of our products, results in sickness or injury. Our
current products consist of tablets, powdered beverages, dietary supplements, pain creams, liquids, gels, minerals, herbs and other ingredients
that are classified as foods or dietary supplements. If the materials that we use to create these current products or our planned products
are contaminated and if our quality control processes fail to detect issues in these materials, we may be obligated to recall affected
products, and if we are found liable for product liability or personal injury claims, we could be required to pay substantial monetary
damages. Further, even if we successfully defend ourselves against this type of claim, we could be required to spend significant management,
financial and other resources, which could disrupt our business and harm our reputation. We currently maintain a product liability insurance
policy that provides up to CAD 5,000,000 in product liability coverage. However, there can be no assurance that our existing or future
insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover any possible product liability risks or that such insurance will continue to be available
to us on economically feasible terms. In the event that any of the foregoing occurs, we risk the loss of net revenues, increased administrative
costs and will likely suffer an adverse effect on our operating results. 

We
do not have any long-term contracts with our suppliers or with our customers, and we do not have many written contracts with our customers,
and if we can t maintain these relationships or if we or our suppliers experience manufacturing problems or delays, our financial
results will be negatively affected. 

We
do not have any long-term contracts with our suppliers or with our customers for our current or planned products. We also do not have
many written contracts with our customers. There can be no assurance that these suppliers will continue to sell to us on prior or current
terms, or at all and likewise there can also be no assurance that our customers will continue to purchase from us or that we can obtain
customers to purchase our planned products. We may not be able to maintain our relationships with our suppliers and customers, or we
may be unable to find alternate suppliers or customers in a timely fashion. Should this occur, our revenues and results of operations
will be negatively affected. Additionally, we or our suppliers may encounter unforeseen delays or shortfalls in manufacturing, and our
suppliers production processes may have to change to accommodate any significant future expansion of our manufacturing capacity,
which may increase our or our suppliers manufacturing costs, delay production of our current and planned products, reduce our
product gross margin and adversely impact our business. If we are unable to keep up with demand for our current and planned products
by maintaining our relationships with our suppliers or successfully manufacturing and shipping our products in a timely manner, our revenue
could be impaired, market acceptance for our current and planned products could be adversely affected and our customers might instead
purchase our competitors products. In addition, developing manufacturing procedures for new products may require developing specific
production processes for those products. Developing such processes could be time-consuming and any unexpected difficulty in doing so
can delay the introduction of a product. 

75 

Our
revenues are highly dependent upon private-label distributor customers . 

Our
revenues are highly dependent on private-label distributor customers which comprise most of our revenues from our current manufacturing
operations. All sales made under a private label relationship are made on a purchase order basis and there are no long-term contracts.
There can be no assurance that our existing private label relationships will continue in the future or that we will be able to obtain
new private label relationships on an ongoing basis, if at all. Our private label customers can reduce the products they order from us
or cease ordering products from us at any time without notice. There can be no assurance that these private label customers will continue
to place orders with us, that orders by such customers will continue at their previous levels or that we can replace any such lost business.
Should this occur, our revenues and results of operations will be negatively affected. 

Our
business is subject to numerous laws and regulations and compliance with existing, as well as new laws and regulations, could increase
our costs significantly and adversely affect our financial results. 

The
processing, formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising, sale and distribution of our current and planned nutraceutical
products are subject to regulation by several U.S. federal agencies, including the Food and Drug Administration FDA ),
the Federal Trade Commission FTC ), the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Department of Agriculture and the Environmental
Protection Agency, as well as various state, local and international laws and agencies of the localities in which our current and planned
products are, and will be, manufactured and sold. For example, the FDA regulates our products to ensure that the products are not adulterated
or misbranded. Failure to comply with FDA requirements may result in, among other things, injunctions, product withdrawals, recalls,
product seizures, fines and criminal prosecutions. Additionally, once we begin direct sales and marketing of our planned Company branded
products, our advertising will be subject to regulation by the FTC. In recent years, the FTC has initiated numerous investigations of
dietary and nutrition supplement products and companies. Further some states also permit advertising and labeling laws to be enforced
by attorney generals, who may seek relief for consumers, seek class action certifications, seek class wide damages and product recalls
of products sold by us. Compliance with these government regulations may prevent or delay the introduction, or require the reformulation,
of our current and planned products, and additionally these governmental authorities may commence regulatory or legal proceedings against
us which could restrict the permissible scope of our current or planned product or the ability to sell our products in the future. Additionally,
any such government actions would result in costs to us, including lost revenues from any additional products that we are required to
remove from the market, which additional costs could be material. Any such government actions also could lead to liability and reduced
growth prospects. Moreover, there can be no assurance that new laws or regulations imposing more stringent regulatory requirements on
the nutraceutical industry will not be enacted which could require reformulation of certain products to meet new standards, recalls or
discontinuance of certain products that cannot be reformulated, additional record-keeping requirements, increased documentation of the
properties of certain products, additional or different labeling, additional scientific substantiation, adverse event reporting or other
new requirements. If our operations are found to be in violation of any laws or any other governmental regulations that apply to us,
or if we are unable to keep up with changing laws and regulations, we may be subject to penalties, including, without limitation, civil
and criminal penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability
to operate our business and our financial results. 

We
may be involved in lawsuits or proceedings to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights or to defend against infringement claims,
which could be expensive and time consuming. Additionally, our inability to protect our intellectual property rights could reduce the
value or our current and planned products. 

Our
business is dependent in part upon our ability to use intellectual property rights to protect our current and planned products from competition
and on our products not infringing on the patents and proprietary rights of other parties. To protect our current and planned products,
we rely, and intend to rely on a combination of trade secrets, patent and other intellectual property laws, employment, confidentiality
and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, and confidentiality agreements and protective contractual provisions
with our partners, licensors and other third parties. These methods, however, afford us only limited protection against competition from
other products. Also, we cannot ensure that our formulas and proprietary information, are not leaked to other parties by anyone that
obtains access to same. To date, none of our current or planned formulas are patented, although we maintain manufacturing trade secrets,
we believe that most competent manufacturers have the skillset necessary to replicate such formulas. As such, third parties could copy
our products or sell similar products to our distributors and/or customers. Our competitors may have or develop equivalent or superior
manufacturing and design skills and may develop an enhancement to our formulations that will be patentable or otherwise protected from
duplication by others. We may also infringe on the patents of other parties. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual
property rights, protect our trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation or interference
proceedings could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. In addition, in an infringement proceeding,
a court may decide that a patent of ours, if we obtain any patents in the future, is not valid or is unenforceable or may refuse to stop
the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology. An adverse determination
of any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents, if we acquire any in the future, at risk of being invalidated
or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. In addition, we may be enjoined from marketing
one or more of our current or planned products if a court finds that such products infringe the intellectual property rights of a third
party. Further, we may be unable or unwilling to strictly enforce our intellectual property rights, including our trademarks, from infringement.
Our inability to obtain and/or failure to enforce our intellectual property rights could diminish the value of our current and planned
product offerings and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, and financial condition. 

76 

The
commercial success of our planned products is dependent, in part, on factors outside our control. 

We
currently manufacture nutraceutical products that we sell to private label customers, and we also plan to begin manufacturing and selling
our own branded nutraceutical products. The commercial success of our planned products is dependent upon unpredictable and volatile factors
beyond our control, such as the success of our competitors products. Our failure to attract market acceptance and a sustainable
competitive advantage over our competitors would materially harm our business. 

If
we fail to increase our brand recognition, we may face difficulty in obtaining customers for our planned products. 

Because
we have not yet started selling our own branded products, we currently do not have strong brand identity or brand loyalty. We believe
that establishing and maintaining brand identity and brand loyalty is critical to attracting customers once we have commercially viable
branded products. Maintaining and enhancing our brand recognition in a cost-effective manner is critical to achieving widespread acceptance
of future products and is an important element in our effort to obtain and increase our customer base. Successful promotion of our brand
will depend largely on our ability to maintain a sizeable and active customer base, our marketing efforts and our ability to provide
reliable and useful products at competitive prices. Brand promotion activities may not yield increased revenue, and even if they do,
any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we will incur in building our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain
our brand, or if we incur substantial expenses in an unsuccessful attempt to promote and maintain our brand, we may fail to attract enough
new customers or retain our existing customers to the extent necessary to realize a sufficient return on our brand-building efforts,
in which case our business, operating results and financial condition, would be materially adversely affected. 

If
our products do not have the healthful effects intended, or if there is adverse publicity or consumer perception of our products and
any similar products distributed by others, our reputation could be harmed and our business may suffer. 

Many
of our current and planned products contain innovative ingredients or combinations of ingredients. There is little long-term experience
with human or other animal consumption of certain of these ingredients or combinations thereof in concentrated form. Our current and
planned products could have certain side effects if not taken as directed or if taken by a consumer that has certain medical conditions.
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any of the products, even when used as directed, will have the effects intended or will not
have harmful side effects. Should our current or planned products cause unwanted side effects or not have the results intended, it could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additionally, we believe we are, and
will be, highly dependent upon positive consumer perceptions of the safety and quality of our current and planned products as well as
similar products distributed by other nutraceutical companies. Consumer perception of nutraceutical and our current and planned products,
as well as the products sold by our private label customers, in particular, can be substantially influenced by scientific research or
findings, national media attention and other publicity about product use. Adverse publicity from these sources regarding the safety,
quality or efficacy of nutraceuticals could have a negative effect on us. The mere publication of news articles or reports asserting
that such products may be harmful or questioning their efficacy could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations, regardless of whether such news articles or reports are scientifically supported or whether the claimed harmful
effects would be present at the dosages recommended for such products. 

The
nutraceuticals industry is highly competitive, and our failure to compete effectively could adversely affect our market share, financial
condition, and future growth. 

The
industry of nutraceutical and wellness-related supplements and products we produce as well as intend to produce is highly competitive
with respect to price, brand and product recognition and new product introductions. Several of our competitors are larger, more established
and possess greater financial, personnel, distribution and other resources. We face competition (a) from large nationally known manufacturers,
private label brands and many smaller manufacturers of dietary and nutrition supplements; and (b) in the mass-market distribution channel
from manufacturers, major private label manufacturers and others. Private label brands at mass-market chains represent substantial sources
of income for these merchants and the mass-market merchants often support their own labels at the expense of other brands. As such, the
growth of our current and planned products within the nutraceutical industry are highly competitive and uncertain. If we cannot compete
effectively, we may not be profitable. 

77 

The
purchase of many of our planned and current products are discretionary and may be negatively impacted by adverse trends in the general
economy and make it more difficult for us to generate revenues. 

Our
business is affected by general economic conditions since our current and planned products are discretionary and we depend, to a significant
extent, upon a number of factors relating to discretionary consumer spending. These factors include economic conditions and perceptions
of such conditions by consumers, employment rates, the level of consumers disposable income, business conditions, interest rates,
consumer debt levels and availability of credit. Consumer spending on our current and planned products may be adversely affected by changes
in general economic conditions. Our operating results are impacted by the health of the North American economies. Our business and financial
performance may be adversely affected by current and future economic conditions, such as a reduction in the availability of credit, financial
market volatility or recession. Additionally, we may experience difficulties in scaling our operations to react to economic pressures
in the United States. 

We
may not be able to anticipate consumer preferences and trends within the nutraceutical industry, which could negatively affect acceptance
of our planned and current products by retailers and consumers and result in a significant decrease in our revenues. 

We
currently manufacture nutraceutical products that we sell to private label customers, and we also plan to begin manufacturing and selling
our own branded nutraceutical products. Our planned and current products must appeal to a broad range of consumers, whose preferences
cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to rapid change. Our products will need to successfully meet constantly changing consumer
demands. If our products are not successfully received by our customers, our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects may be harmed. 

We
may experience greater than expected product returns, which might adversely affect our sales and results of operations. 

We
currently manufacture nutraceutical products that we sell to private label customers, and we also plan to begin manufacturing and selling
our own branded nutraceutical products. Once we start selling our own branded products, such products may be returned for various reasons,
including expiration dates. Any increase in product returns could reduce our results of operations. 

An
unexpected interruption in our warehousing facilities or if there is a lack of capacity at our warehousing facilities, it could reduce
our sales and margins. 

We
store products in our warehouses that we then ship to other retailers and serve as fulfilling distribution hubs to other retailers. If
we run out of capacity, we won t be able to store as many products and may not be able to maintain all products in an efficient
manner. Additionally, if there is any unexpected interruption to our warehousing facilities, for any reason, such as loss of certifications
or licenses, as a result of weather, terrorism or acts of war, fire, earthquake, or other national disaster, a work stoppage or other
labor-related disruption, electrical outages, or other events, it could result in significant reductions to our sales and margins and
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Any
interruption to our distribution channels for our planned products could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. 

We
currently manufacture nutraceutical products that we sell to private label customers, we also intend to manufacture and sell our own
branded products and distribute those products through various distribution channels. Any interruption to our distribution channels for
our planned products for any reason, such as disruption of distribution channels as a result of weather, terrorism or acts of war, fire,
earthquake, or other national disaster, a work stoppage or other labor-related disruption, could adversely affect our sales and results
of operations. 

78 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
1C. CYBERSECURITY 

We
recognize the critical importance of developing, implementing, and maintaining robust cybersecurity measures to safeguard our information
systems and protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. We have strategically integrated cybersecurity risk
management into our broader risk management framework to promote a company-wide culture of cybersecurity risk management. This integration
ensures that cybersecurity considerations are an integral part of our decision-making processes at every level. Our risk management team
works closely with our IT team to continuously evaluate and address cybersecurity risks in alignment with our business objectives and
operational needs. 

We
have not encountered cybersecurity challenges that have materially impaired our operations or financial standing. 

The
Company is acutely aware of the critical nature of managing risks associated with cybersecurity threats. The Company has established
robust oversight mechanisms to ensure effective governance in managing risks associated with cybersecurity threats because we recognize
the significance of these threats to our operational integrity and stakeholder confidence, 

Primary
responsibility for assessing, monitoring and managing our cybersecurity risks rests with our Chief Executive Officer. Working in close
coordination with the Board of Directors, the CEO oversees our governance programs, including testing our compliance standards, remediating
known risks, and has ongoing direct interaction with our IT department and periodic interaction with external cybersecurity experts,
as needed. 

The
Chief Executive Officer is continually informed about the latest developments in cybersecurity, including potential threats and innovative
risk management techniques. This ongoing knowledge is crucial for the effective prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of
cybersecurity incidents. The Chief Executive Officer, with the assistance from of both our IT department and external consultants, as
needed, implements and oversees processes for the regular monitoring of our information systems. This includes the deployment of advanced
security measures and regular system checks to identify potential vulnerabilities. In the event of a cybersecurity incident, the Chief
Executive Officer is well prepared to initiate immediate actions to mitigate the impact and initiate long-term strategies for remediation
and prevention of future incidents. 

The
Chief Executive Officer regularly communicates with senior management and the Board of Directors on cybersecurity risks and incidents.
This ensures that the highest levels of management are kept abreast of the cybersecurity posture and potential risks facing the Company.
Furthermore, significant cybersecurity matters, and strategic risk management decisions are escalated to the Board of Directors, ensuring
that they are engaged in comprehensive oversight and can provide guidance on critical cybersecurity issues on a broad range of topics,
including: 

Current
 cybersecurity landscape and emerging threats; 

Status
 of ongoing cybersecurity initiatives and strategies; 

Incident
 reports and learnings from any cybersecurity events; and 

Compliance
 with regulatory requirements and industry standards. 

79 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
currently maintain a corporate address at 11120 NE 2nd Street, Suite 100, Bellevue, Washington 98004. Our telephone number there is (206)
617-9797. We pay no rent or other fees for the use of the Company s corporate address. 

Our
wholly owned subsidiary, Novo Healthnet Limited, has corporate offices located at 3905 Major MacKenzie Drive, Suite 115, Vaughan Ontario
Canada L4H 4J9. This location is approximately 1,160 square feet. The lease expires on June 30, 2027. Terms of the lease provide for
a base rent payment of CAD 3,059 (including HST) (approximately 2,248 as of August 31, 2024) per month. 

Novo
Healthnet Limited currently operates our 14 corporate-owned clinics through standard tenancy agreements out of leased properties located
at: 

(1) 
 Novo
 Healthnet Limited (Niagara Falls) 

4056
 Dorchester Rd., Suites 104 105, Niagara Falls, Ontario L2E 6M9, Canada; 

(2) 
 Novo
 Healthnet Limited (Windsor) 

250
 Tecumseh Rd. E., Building 100, Unit 150, Windsor, Ontario N8X 2R3, Canada; 

(3) 
 Back
 on Track Physio Health Centres (Scarborough) 

8
 Glen Watford Drive, Unit G3-G5, Scarborough, Ontario M1S 2C1, Canada; 

(4)
 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Antares) 

6
 Antares Drive Ph 1, Unit 3, Nepean, Ontario K2E 8A9, Canada; 

(5)
 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Richmond Oaks) 

6265
 Perth St, Richmond, Ontario K0A 2Z0, Canada; 

(6) 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Hunt Club) 

380
 Hunt Club Rd. Suite 107, Ottawa, Ontario K1V 1C1, Canada; 

(7)
 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Findlay Creek) 

4744
 Bank Street, Unit 2, Gloucester, Ontario K1T 0K8, Canada; 

(8)
 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Bells Corners) 

2006
 Robertson Rd., Unit 2, Nepean, Ontario K2H 1A5, Canada; 

(9) 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Manotick) 

5230B
 Mitch Owens Road, Manotick, Ontario K4M 1B2, Canada; 

(10)
 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Carleton Place) 

515
 McNeely Drive, Unit 3, Carleton Place, Ontario K7C 0A8, Canada; 

(11)
 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Kemptville) 

301
 Rideau Street, Kemptville, Ontario K0G 1J0, Canada; 

(12)
 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Perth) 

9
 Eric Devlin Lane. Unit 100, Perth, Ontario K7H 0C4, Canada; 

(13)
 
 Back
 On Track Physio Health Centres (Rockland) 

2741
 Chamberland St., Unit 208 Rockland, Ontario K4K 0B8 Canada. 

(14) 
 Fairway
 Physiotherapy NovaCare 

1600
 Dease St. Thunder Bay, Ontario P7C 5H4 Canada 

NHL
leases premises for the foregoing 14 corporate-owned clinics, ranging in terms of 0 to 8 years with monthly lease rates ranging from
CAD 904 (approximately 665 as of August 31, 2024 to CAD 11,065 (approximately 8,132 as of August 31, 2024). The aggregate monthly
rent for the corporate-owned clinic properties is CAD 103,650 (approximately 76,172 as of August 31, 2024). Two of the leases are month-to-month
with 30-days notice for either party and the remaining 12 corporate-owned clinic leases have expiration dates between 2027 and
2031. 

We
believe that these facilities are suitable and adequate for our current operations. 

80 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

As
of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there are no material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation
incidental to our business, to which we are a party or which our property is the subject. In addition, none of our officers, directors,
affiliates or 5 stockholders (or any associates thereof) is a party adverse to us, or has a material interest adverse to us, in any
material proceeding. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets Pink Current Information tier under the symbol NVOS. Prior to November 6, 2024,
our common stock was listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The OTC Market is a computer network that provides information on current bids 
and asks, as well as volume information. 

On
November 6, 2023, the Company effectuated a 1-for-10 reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split effective immediately
after the close of trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market and the Company s common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market
on a Reverse Stock Split-adjusted basis on November 7, 2023. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every 10 pre-split shares of common
stock outstanding became one share of common stock, with fractional shares rounded up to the next higher whole share. The Reverse Stock
Split did not affect the number of authorized shares of common stock, the par value of the common stock, or modify any rights or preferences
of shares of the Company s common stock. Proportionate adjustments will be made to the exercise prices and the number of shares
underlying the Company s outstanding equity awards and warrants, as applicable. 

For
the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, the following table sets forth the high and low sale prices for our common stock as
reported by The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq ). For the fiscal year ending August 31, 2023 through December 17, 2024,
the following table sets forth the range of high and low closing bid quotations for our common stock as reported by the OTC Markets Group.
These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2023 

First Quarter (September 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022) 
 16.9000 
 2.1100 
 
 Second Quarter (December 1, 2022 through February 28, 2023) 
 3.3000 
 1.0100 
 
 Third Quarter (March 1, 2023 through May 31, 2023) 
 2.4200 
 1.0000 
 
 Fourth Quarter (June 1, 2023 through August 31, 2023) 
 2.5000 
 0.6900 

Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2024 

First Quarter (September 1, 2023 through November 30, 2023) 
 5.3800 
 1.0000 
 
 Second Quarter (December 1, 2023 through February 29, 2024) 
 1.5200 
 0.5500 
 
 Third Quarter (March 1, 2024 through May 31, 2024) 
 1.4100 
 0.4160 
 
 Fourth Quarter (June 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024) 
 1.2400 
 0.2950 

Fiscal Year Ending August 31, 2025 

First Quarter (September 1, 2024 through November 30, 2024) 
 0.3490 
 0.0270 
 
 Second Quarter (December 1, 2024 through December 17, 2024) 
 0.0580 
 0.0300 

On
December 17, 2024, the closing price of our common stock as reported on the OTC Markets Pink Current Information tier was 0.0300 and there
were approximately 550 active shareholders of record. The number of record holders does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose
shares are held in the names of banks, brokers, nominees or other fiduciaries. 

81 

Dividends,
Common Stock and Unregistered Stock Issuances 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common or preferred stock and do not anticipate paying any such cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, for reinvestment in the development and expansion of our business. 

During
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, the Company effectuated the following stock issuances that were not registered under the Securities
Act: 

On
 September 5, 2023, 75,000 restricted shares of common stock were issued as consideration pursuant to a consulting agreement. 

On
 September 18, 2023, 53,567 restricted shares were issued to Mast Hill upon the cashless exercise of all warrants. The warrants were
 issued on February 23, 2023 under the terms and conditions of the warrant agreement between the Company and Mast Hill. 

On
 September 18, 2023, 75,000 restricted shares of common stock were issued as consideration pursuant to a consulting agreement. 

On
 September 21, 2023, 519,845 restricted shares of common stock were issued to FirstFire upon conversion of outstanding debt pursuant
 to the terms of the securities purchase agreement between FirstFire and the Company. 

On
 October 3, 2023, 75,000 restricted shares of common stock were issued as consideration pursuant to a consulting agreement. 

On
 October 9, 2023, 73,767 restricted shares of common stock were issued in exchange for certain non-voting special shares of Novo Healthnet
 Limited NHL ), previously issued in connection with NHL s Share Exchange Agreement with the Terragenx shareholders,
 the Company s Asset Purchase Agreement with Mr. Terrence Mullins, and an employment agreement with Mr. Terrence Mullins, each
 of which closed on November 17, 2021. 

On
 October 12, 2023, 53,532 restricted shares of common stock were issued to FirstFire upon the cashless exercise of all warrants. The
 warrants were issued on March 21, 2023 under the terms and conditions of the warrant agreement between the Company and Mast Hill
 in connection with the 573,000 promissory note issued by the Company to FirstFire, on March 21, 2023. 

On
 October 18, 2023, 75,000 restricted shares of common stock were issued as consideration pursuant to a consulting agreement. 

On
 October 23, 2023, 138,703 restricted shares of common stock were issued to Mast Hill upon the cashless exercise of all warrants.
 The warrants were granted on June 20, 2023 under the terms and conditions of the warrant agreement between the Company and Mast Hill
 in connection with the 445,000 promissory note issued, by the Company to Mast Hill, on June 20, 2023. 

On
 November 8, 2023, 75,000 restricted shares of common stock were issued as consideration pursuant to a consulting agreement. 

On
 November 21, 2023, 30,675 restricted shares of common stock were issued pursuant to the terms and conditions of an executive agreement,
 dated November 15, 2022, between NHL and an officer of NHL. 

On
 November 21, 2023, 18,405 restricted shares of common stock were issued pursuant to the terms and conditions of an executive agreement,
 dated November 15, 2022, between NHL and an officer of NHL. 

On
 December 21, 2023, 457,128 restricted shares of common stock were issued to Mast Hill upon conversion of outstanding debt pursuant
 to the terms of the securities purchase agreement between Mast Hill and the Company. 

Between
 March 14, 2024 and April 4, 2024, 826,203 restricted shares of common stock were issued to Mast Hill upon conversion of outstanding
 debt pursuant to the terms of the securities purchase agreement, dated September 12, 2023, between Mast Hill and the Company. 

On
 April 4, 2024, 480,000 restricted shares of common stock were issued to FirstFire upon conversion of outstanding debt pursuant to
 the terms of the securities purchase agreement, dated September 18, 2023, between FirstFire and the Company. 

The
above issuances and sales were made pursuant to an exemption from registration as set forth in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
and/or Regulation D and/or Regulation S under the Securities Act. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

82 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiaries (collectively, the Company, Novo Integrated, we, us or our should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. References in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
to us, we, our, and similar terms refer to the Company. This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes
forward-looking statements, as that term is defined in the federal securities laws, based upon current expectations that involve risks
and uncertainties, such as plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors. Words such as anticipate, 
 estimate, plan, continuing, ongoing, expect, believe, 
 intend, may, will, should, could, and similar expressions are used
to identify forward-looking statements. We caution you that these statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are
subject to a number of uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of which are beyond our control, which may influence the accuracy
of the statements and the projections upon which the statements are based. Reference is made to Risk Factors , which are
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Business
Overview 

The
Company owns Canadian and U.S. subsidiaries which provide, or intend to provide, essential and differentiated solutions to the delivery
of multidisciplinary primary care and related wellness products through the integration of medical technology, interconnectivity, advanced
therapeutics, diagnostic solutions, unique personalized product offerings, and rehabilitative science. 

We
believe that decentralizing healthcare, through the integration of medical technology and interconnectivity, is an essential
solution to the rapidly evolving fundamental transformation of how non-catastrophic healthcare is delivered now and how it will be delivered
in the future. Specific to non-critical care, ongoing advancements in both medical technology and inter-connectivity are allowing for
a shift of the patient/practitioner relationship to the patient s home and away from on-site visits to primary medical centers
with mass-services. This acceleration of ease-of-access in the patient/practitioner interaction for non-critical care diagnosis
and subsequent treatment minimizes the degradation of non-critical health conditions to critical conditions as well as allowing for more
cost-effective and efficient healthcare distribution. 

The
Company s decentralized healthcare business model is centered on three primary pillars to best support the transformation of non-catastrophic
healthcare delivery to patients and consumers: 

First
 Pillar Service Networks: Deliver multidisciplinary primary care services through (i) an affiliate network of clinic facilities,
 (ii) small and micro footprint sized clinic facilities primarily located within the footprint of box-store commercial enterprises,
 (iii) clinic facilities operated through a franchise relationship with the Company, and (iv) corporate operated clinic facilities. 

Second
 Pillar Technology: Develop, deploy, and integrate sophisticated interconnected technology, interfacing the patient to the
 healthcare practitioner thus expanding the reach and availability of the Company s services, beyond the traditional clinic
 location, to geographic areas not readily providing advanced, peripheral based healthcare services, including the patient s
 home. 

Third
 Pillar Products: Develop and distribute effective, personalized health and wellness product solutions allowing for the customization
 of patient preventative care remedies and ultimately a healthier population. The Company s science-first approach to product
 innovation further emphasizes our mandate to create and provide over-the-counter preventative and maintenance care solutions. 

Innovation
through science, combined with the integration of sophisticated, secure technology, assures Novo Integrated of continued cutting edge
advancement in patient first platforms. 

First
Pillar Service Networks for Hands-on Patient Care 

Our
clinicians and practitioners provide certain multidisciplinary primary health care services, and related products, beyond the medical
doctor first level contact identified as primary care. Our clinicians and practitioners are not licensed medical doctors, physicians,
specialists, nurses or nurse practitioners. Our clinicians and practitioners are not authorized to practice primary care medicine and
they are not medically licensed to prescribe pharmaceutical based product solutions. 

Our
team of multidisciplinary primary health care clinicians and practitioners provide assessment, diagnosis, treatment, pain management,
rehabilitation, education and primary prevention for a wide array of orthopedic, musculoskeletal, sports injury, and neurological conditions
across various demographics including pediatric, adult, and geriatric populations through our 14 corporate-owned clinics, a contracted
network of affiliate clinics, and eldercare related long-term care homes, retirement homes, and community-based locations in Canada. 

Our
specialized multidisciplinary primary health care services include physiotherapy, chiropractic care, manual/manipulative therapy, occupational
therapy, eldercare, massage therapy (including pre- and post-partum), acupuncture and functional dry needling, chiropody, stroke and
traumatic brain injury/neurological rehabilitation, kinesiology, vestibular therapy, concussion management and baseline testing, trauma
sensitive yoga and meditation for concussion-acquired brain injury and occupational stress-PTSD, women s pelvic health programs,
sports medicine therapy, assistive devices, dietitian, holistic nutrition, fall prevention education, sports team conditioning programs
including event and game coverage, and private personal training. 

83 

Additionally,
we continue to expand our patient care philosophy of maintaining an on-going continuous connection with our current and future patient
community, beyond the traditional confines of brick-and-mortar facilities, by extending oversight of patient diagnosis, care and monitoring,
directly through various Medical Technology Platforms either in-use or under development. 

The
occupational therapists, physiotherapists, chiropractors, massage therapists, chiropodists and kinesiologists contracted, by NHL, to
provide occupational therapy, physical therapy and fall prevention assessment services are registered with the College of Occupational
Therapists of Ontario, the College of Physiotherapists of Ontario, College of Chiropractors of Ontario, College of Massage Therapists
of Ontario, College of Chiropodists of Ontario, and the College of Kinesiologists of Ontario regulatory authorities. 

Our
strict adherence to public regulatory standards, as well as self-imposed standards of excellence and regulation, have allowed us to navigate
with ease through the industry s licensing and regulatory framework. Compliant treatment, data and administrative protocols are
managed through a team of highly trained, certified health care and administrative professionals. We and our affiliates provide service
to the Canadian property and casualty insurance industry, resulting in a regulated framework governed by the Financial Services Commission
of Ontario. 

Second
Pillar Interconnected Technology for Virtual Ecosystem of Services, Products and Digital Health Offerings 

Decentralization
through the integration of interconnected technology platforms has been adopted and is thriving in a variety of sectors and industries
such as transportation (Uber, Lyft), real estate (Zillow, Redfin, Airbnb, VRBO), used car sales (Carvana, Vroom), stock and financial
markets (Robinhood, Acorns, Webull) and so many other sectors. Yet decentralization of the non-critical primary care and wellness sector
of healthcare is lagging significantly in capability and benefit for patient access and delivery of services and products. The COVID-19
pandemic has taught both patients and healthcare providers the viability, importance, and benefits of decentralized access to primary
care simply through the rapid adoption of telehealth/telemedicine. 

The
Company s focus on a holistic approach to patient-first health and wellness, through innovation and decentralization, includes
maintaining an on-going continuous connection with our current and future patient community, beyond the traditional confines of brick-and-mortar
facilities, by extending oversight of patient evaluation, diagnosis, treatment solutions, and monitoring, directly through various Medical
Technology Platforms and periphery tools either in-use or under development. Through the integration and deployment of sophisticated
and secure technology and periphery diagnostic tools, the Company is working to expand the reach of our non-critical primary care services
and product offerings, beyond the traditional clinic locations, to geographic areas not readily providing advanced primary care service
to date, including the patient s home. 

NovoConnect,
the Company s proprietary mobile application with a fully securitized tech stock, telemedicine/telehealth and remote patient monitoring
fall under this Second Pillar. In October 2021, we launched MiTelemed+, Inc. MiTelemed ), a joint venture with EK-Tech
Solutions Inc. EK-Tech ). MiTelemed operates, supports and expands access and functionality of iTelemed, EK-Tech s
enhanced proprietary telehealth platform. MiTelemed+, through the iTelemed platform, allows us to offer the patient and the practitioner
a sophisticated and enhanced telehealth interaction. Through the interface of sophisticated peripheral based diagnostic tools operated
by skilled support workers in the patient s remote location, we believe that the practitioner s ability and comfort to provide
a uniquely comprehensive evaluation, diagnosis, and treatment solution is dramatically elevated. 

Third
Pillar Health and Wellness Products 

We
believe our science first approach to product offerings further emphasizes the Company s strategic vision to innovate, evolve,
and deliver over-the-counter preventative and maintenance care solutions as well as therapeutics and personalized diagnostics that enable
individualized health optimization. 

84 

As
the Company s patient base grows through the expansion of its corporate owned clinics, its affiliate network, its micro-clinic
facility openings, its interconnected technology platforms, and other growth initiatives, we believe the development and distribution
of high-quality wellness product solutions is integral to (i) offering effective product solutions allowing for the customization of
patient preventative care remedies and ultimately a healthier population, and (ii) maintaining an on-going relationship with our patients
through the customization of patient preventative and maintenance care solutions. 

The
Company s product offering ecosystem has been built through strategic acquisitions and engaging in licensing agreements with partners
that share our vision to provide a portfolio of products that offer an essential and differentiated solution to health and wellness globally.
Our 2021 acquisitions of Acenzia, PRO-DIP, LLC PRO-DIP and Terragenx Inc. Terragenx support this Third
Pillar. The Company owns a 91 controlling interest in Terragenx. On March 15, 2022, PRO-DIP was issued U.S. Patent No. 11,273,965 by
the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The 965 patent relates to PRO-DIP s novel technology for manufacturing its oral supplement
pouches. On April 4, 2022, NHL was granted a Natural Product Number (NPN) by Health Canada for IoNovo GO Iodine which is the Company s
forth iodine related product to recently be granted a NPN by Health Canada following IoNovo Pure Iodine, IoNovo Iodide, and IoNovo for
Kids pure iodine oral spray. 

We
have two reportable segments: healthcare services and product sales. For fiscal year 2024, revenues from healthcare services and product
sales were 62 and 37 , respectively, of the Company s total revenues for the year. We expect the percentage of revenues generated
from the product sales segment to continue as a greater percentage compared to the revenue generated from healthcare services over the
coming quarters. 

Recent
Developments 

September
2023 Mast Hill SPA 

On
September 12, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the September 2023 Mast Hill SPA with Mast
Hill Fund, L.P. Mast Hill ), pursuant to which the Company issued an 12 promissory note (the September 2023 Mast
Hill Note with a maturity date of September 12, 2024 (the September 2023 Mast Hill Maturity Date ), in the principal
sum of 3,500,000. Pursuant to the terms of the September 2023 Mast Hill Note, the Company agreed to pay the principal sum to Mast Hill
and to pay interest on the principal balance at the rate of 12 per annum. The September 2023 Mast Hill Note carries an original issue
discount OID of 350,000. Accordingly, on the closing date, Mast Hill paid the purchase price of 3,150,000 in exchange
for the September 2023 Mast Hill Note. Mast Hill may convert the September 2023 Mast Hill Note into shares of the Company s common
stock at any time at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) 4.50 or (ii) 91.5 of the lowest volume weighted average price of
the Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading day period prior to the respective conversion date, subject
to adjustment as provided in the September 2023 Mast Hill Note (including but not limited to price protection provisions in case of future
dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions) as well as beneficial ownership limitations. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the September 2023 Mast Hill Note, the Company agreed to pay the principal sum and accrued interest as follows: (i) all
accrued interest on December 12, 2023, (ii) 350,000 plus accrued interest on March 12, 2024, (iii) 350,000 plus accrued interest on
April 12, 2024, (iv) 350,000 plus accrued interest on May 12, 2024, (v) 595,000 plus accrued interest on June 12, 2024, (vi) 595,000
plus accrued interest on July 12, 2024, (vii) 595,000 plus accrued interest on August 12, 2024, and (viii) all remaining amounts owed
under the September 2023 Mast Hill Note on the September 2023 Mast Hill Maturity Date (each of the aforementioned payments is an Amortization
Payment ). If the Company fails to make any Amortization Payment, then Mast Hill will have the right to convert the amount of such
respective Amortization Payment into shares of common stock as provided in the September 2023 Mast Hill Note at the lesser of (i) the
then applicable conversion price under the September 2023 Mast Hill Note or (ii) 85 the lowest volume weighted average price of the
Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading day period prior to the respective conversion date. 

The
Company may prepay the September 2023 Mast Hill Note at any time prior to the date that an Event of Default (as defined in the Note)
occurs at an amount equal to the principal sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest (no prepayment premium) plus 750 for
administrative fees. The September 2023 Mast Hill Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment
defaults, breach of representations and warranties, and breach of provisions of the September 2023 Mast Hill Note or September 2023 Mast
Hill SPA. 

85 

Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, the September 2023 Mast Hill Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company will
pay to Mast Hill an amount equal to the principal sum then outstanding plus accrued interest multiplied by 125 . Upon the occurrence
of an Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from the date of the Event of Default at the rate equal to the lower of 16 per
annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

The
September 2023 Mast Hill SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things
and subject to certain exceptions, piggy-back registration rights with respect to the common stock underlying the September 2023 Mast
Hill Note. Further, pursuant to the September 2023 Mast Hill SPA, the Company agreed to transfer its rights to the charges/mortgages
evidenced by Instrument Nos. CE925256 (in the amount of CDN 1,600,000) and CE888785 (in the amount of CDN 1,800,000) on the property
located at 1580 Rossi Drive, Tecumseh, Ontario, Canada, to Mast Hill as security for the Company s repayment of the September 2023
Mast Hill Note. In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the September 2023 Mast Hill Note, the sum of the number
of shares of common stock that may be issued under the September 2023 Mast Hill SPA and September 2023 Mast Hill Note shall be limited
to 1,772,045 shares as further described in the September 2023 Mast Hill SPA, unless shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is
obtained by the Company. 

The
Company s subsidiary, Acenzia Inc. Acenzia ), entered into a guaranty with Mast Hill on September 12, 2023. Acenzia
guaranteed the repayment of the September 2023 Mast Hill Note and granted Mast Hill a security interest in Acenzia s assets, including
but not limited to, the property located at 1580 Rossi Drive, Tecumseh, Ontario, Canada. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the September 2023 Mast Hill Note, on December 12, 2023, the Company made an interest-only payment of 104,712 to Mast
Hill. Between March 14, 2024 and April 4, 2024, the Company issued 826,203 shares of common stock to Mast Hill upon conversion of outstanding
debt which consisted of a principal amount of 271,226 and an interest amount of 104,712, for a total amount of 375,938. 

On
April 9, 2024, the Company paid the full balance owed on the September 2023 Mast Hill Note in the principal amount of 3,228,774 and
the interest amount of 30,571. As of August 31, 2024, the September 2023 Mast Hill Note was paid in full. 

September
2023 FirstFire SPA Note 

On
September 18, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the September 2023 FirstFire SPA with FirstFire
Global Opportunities Fund, L.P. FirstFire ), pursuant to which the Company issued an 12 promissory note (the September
2023 FirstFire Note with a maturity date of September 18, 2024, in the principal sum of 277,778. Pursuant to the terms of the
September 2023 FirstFire Note, the Company agreed to pay the principal sum to FirstFire and to pay interest on the principal balance
at the rate of 12 per annum. The September 2023 FirstFire Note carries an OID of 27,778. Accordingly, on the closing date, FirstFire
paid the purchase price of 250,000 in exchange for the September 2023 FirstFire Note. FirstFire may convert the September 2023 FirstFire
Note into the Company s common stock, at any time at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) 4.50 or (ii) 91.5 of the lowest
volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading day period prior to the
respective conversion date, subject to adjustment as provided in the September 2023 FirstFire Note (including but not limited to price
protection provisions in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions) as well as beneficial ownership
limitations. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the September 2023 FirstFire Note, the Company agreed to pay the principal sum and accrued interest as follows: (i) all
accrued interest on December 18, 2023, (ii) 27,778 plus accrued interest on March 18, 2024, (iii) 27,778 plus accrued interest on April
18, 2024, (iv) 27,778 plus accrued interest on May 18, 2024, (v) 47,222 plus accrued interest on June 18, 2024, (vi) 47,222 plus accrued
interest on July 18, 2024, (vii) 47,222 plus accrued interest on August 18, 2024, and (viii) all remaining amounts owed under the September
2023 FirstFire Note on the maturity date (each of the aforementioned payments is a FirstFire Amortization Payment ). If
the Company fails to make any FirstFire Amortization Payment, then FirstFire shall have the right to convert the amount of such respective
FirstFire Amortization Payment into shares of common stock as provided in the September 2023 FirstFire Note at the lesser of (i) the
then applicable conversion price under the September 2023 FirstFire Note or (ii) 85 the lowest volume weighted average price of the
Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading day period prior to the respective conversion date. 

86 

The
Company may prepay the September 2023 FirstFire Note at any time prior to the date that an event of default occurs at an amount equal
to the principal sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest (no prepayment premium) plus 750 for administrative fees. The
September 2023 FirstFire Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults, breach of representations
and warranties, and breach of provisions of the September 2023 FirstFire Note or September 2023 FirstFire SPA. 

Upon
the occurrence of any event of default, the September 2023 FirstFire Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall
pay to FirstFire, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the principal sum then outstanding plus accrued
interest multiplied by 125 . Upon the occurrence of an event of default, additional interest will accrue from the date of the event of
default at the rate equal to the lower of 16 per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

The
September 2023 FirstFire SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things
and subject to certain exceptions, piggy-back registration rights with respect to the common stock underlying the September 2023 FirstFire
Note. In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the September 2023 FirstFire Note, the sum of the number of shares
of common stock that may be issued under the September 2023 FirstFire SPA and September 2023 FirstFire Note shall be limited to 480,156
as further described in the September 2023 FirstFire SPA, unless shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is obtained by the Company. 

Acenzia
entered into a guaranty with FirstFire on September 18, 2023. Acenzia guaranteed the repayment of the September 2023 FirstFire Note and
granted FirstFire a security interest in Acenzia s assets, including but not limited to the property located at 1580 Rossi Drive,
Tecumseh, Ontario, Canada, which is junior in priority to the security interest granted by Acenzia to FirstFire. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the September 2023 FirstFire Note, on December 18, 2023, the Company made an interest-only payment of 8,333 to FirstFire.
On April 4, 2024, the Company issued 480,000 shares of common stock to FirstFire upon conversion of outstanding debt which consisted
of a principal amount of 195,016 and an interest amount of 8,333, for a total amount of 203,349. 

On
April 9, 2024, the Company paid the full balance owed on the September 2023 FirstFire Note in the principal amount of 82,761 and the
interest amount of 1,552. As of August 31, 2024, the September 2023 FirstFire Note was paid in full. 

Bylaws
Amendment 

On
September 27, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board adopted an amendment (the Bylaws Amendment to the Company s bylaws that had the effect of reducing the quorum at all meetings of the Company s stockholders for the
transaction of business, except as otherwise provided by statute or by the Company s articles of incorporation, as amended, to
one-third (33 of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy.
The Company s bylaws previously provided that the holders of a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital
stock of the Company entitled to vote would constitute a quorum at all meetings of stockholders for the transaction of business. 

2023
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
September 29, 2023, stockholders of the Company approved the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan. 

Reverse
Stock Split 

On
November 6, 2023, the Company effectuated the Reverse Stock Split effective immediately after the close of trading on the Nasdaq Capital
Market and the Company s common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on a Reverse Stock Split-adjusted basis on November
7, 2023. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every 10 pre-split shares of common stock outstanding became one share of common stock,
with fractional shares rounded up to the next higher whole share. The Reverse Stock Split did not affect the number of authorized shares
of common stock, the par value of the common stock, or modify any rights or preferences of shares of the Company s common stock.
Proportionate adjustments will be made to the exercise prices and the number of shares underlying the Company s outstanding equity
awards and warrants, as applicable. See Nasdaq Delisting below. 

87 

Purchase
and Sale Agreement Ophir Collection 

On
November 21, 2023, the Company entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement Ophir Agreement between the Company and Blake
Alsbrook, solely in his capacity as Court-appointed successor receiver (the Successor Receiver in Ocean Thermal Energy
Corporation v. C. Robert Coe II, et al., United States District Court for the Central District of California (the Court Case No. 2:19-cv-04299 VAP (JPRx) (the Action ). Pursuant to the terms of the Ophir Agreement, the Company agreed to purchase,
and the Successor Receiver agreed to sell to the Company, the Ophir Collection (as hereinafter defined), subject to the contingencies
outlined in the Ophir Agreement, including Court approval, which was received on December 1, 2023. The Ophir Agreement was effective
upon execution by both parties; however, the Ophir Agreement was subject to approval by the Court. 

Pursuant
to the Court s July 2, 2019 order in the Action, as modified by the Court s February 25, 2022 order in the Action, the Successor
Receiver has possession of and right to sell a certain collection of 43 gemstones, 42 of which are certified by the Gemological Institute
of America, known as the Ophir Collection . Together, the Court s July 2, 2019 order appointing the original receiver,
the Court s December 3, 2019, order appointing the Successor Receiver, and the Court s February 25, 2022, order are referred
to collectively as the Receivership Orders. The Receivership Orders authorized the Successor Receiver to take sole custody,
possession, and control of the Ophir Collection and to sell, assign, transfer, convey and deliver title and rights in and to the Ophir
Collection subject to the approval of the Court to protect the interests of certain identified creditors. 

Within
two business days following the Company s execution of the Ophir Agreement, the Company was required to, and did, deposit 25,000
with the Successor Receiver. In addition, to extend and maintain exclusivity related to the Ophir Agreement, (i) during the three month
period ended February 2024, the Company paid additional deposits, totaling 75,000, to the Successor Receiver; (ii) during the three-month
period ended May 2024, the Company paid additional deposits, totaling 100,000, to the Successor Receiver; and (iii) subsequent to the
period ended May 31, 2024, the Company paid an additional deposit, totaling 30,000, to the Successor Receiver for an aggregate deposit
amount of 230,000. These amounts are non-refundable. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Ophir Agreement, the Company agreed to pay 60,000,000 to the Successor Receiver to purchase the Ophir Collection.
On October 17, 2024, the Ophir Agreement was terminated. On such date, the Successor Receiver filed notice with the Court that the Successor
Receiver canceled, without objection by the Company, the Ophir Agreement. 

Clawback
Policy 

On
November 22, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors adopted a Compensation Recovery Policy (the Policy ). The Policy
is intended to further the Company s pay-for-performance philosophy and to comply with applicable law by providing for the reasonably
prompt recovery of certain incentive-based compensation received by executive officers in the event of an accounting restatement. The
Policy is intended to comply with, and will be interpreted in a manner consistent with, Section 10D of the Exchange Act, with Exchange
Act Rule 10D-1 and with the Nasdaq listing standards. The Company is evaluating the status of the Policy in light of the delisting from
the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Pursuant
to the Policy, if the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance by the Company with
any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously
issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement
if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (an Accounting Restatement ),
then the Compensation Committee must determine the Excess Compensation (as hereinafter defined), if any, that must be recovered. The
Company s obligation to recover Excess Compensation is not dependent on if or when the restated financial statements are filed.
The Company must recover Excess Compensation reasonably promptly and executive officers are required to repay Excess Compensation to
the Company, subject to the terms of the Policy. 

The
Policy applies to certain incentive-based compensation that is received on or after November 1, 2023, during the three completed fiscal
years immediately preceding the Accounting Restatement determination date, as provided in the Policy (the Covered Period while the Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange. The incentive-based compensation is considered
 Clawback Eligible Incentive-Based Compensation if the incentive-based compensation is received by a person after such person
became an executive officer and the person served as an executive officer at any time during the performance period to which the incentive-based
compensation applies. The Excess Compensation that is subject to recovery under the Policy is the amount of Clawback Eligible
Incentive-Based Compensation that exceeds the amount of Clawback Eligible Incentive-Based Compensation that otherwise would have been
received had such Clawback Eligible Incentive-Based Compensation been determined based on the restated amounts (this is referred to in
the listing standards as erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation ). 

88 

Officer
Option Grant 

On
January 16, 2024, the Board of Directors granted to Christopher David, the Company s Chief Operating Officer and a member of the
Board of Directors, an option to purchase 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan.
The option was fully vested at grant and is exercisable until January 16, 2030. The option has an exercise price of 0.78 per share. 

Nasdaq
Delisting 

On
February 9, 2024, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq s Listing Qualifications Staff indicating that, based upon the closing
bid price of the Company s common stock for the last 30 consecutive business days, the Company was not in compliance with the requirement
to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq
Capital Market, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Original Notice ). At that time, the Company was provided
a compliance period of 180 calendar days from the date of the Original Notice, or until August 7, 2024, to regain compliance with the
Minimum Bid Price Requirement, pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A). 

As
the Company did not regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement by August 7, 2024, and it was determined by the Nasdaq Staff
that the Company should not be eligible for another 180 calendar-day extension, the Company received a delisting determination letter
on August 9, 2024. The Company timely requested a hearing before a Nasdaq Hearing Panel Panel and provided the Panel
with a plan to regain compliance. The hearing request automatically stayed any suspension or delisting action pending the hearing and
the expiration of any additional extension period granted by the Panel following the hearing. 

On
November 4, 2024, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq indicating that the Company s common stock would be delisted from Nasdaq
and trading in the Company s common stock would be suspended at the open of trading on November 6, 2024. Beginning at the open
of trading on November 6, 2024, trading of the Company s common stock continued on the OTC Market s Pink Current Information
tier under the symbol NVOS. 

Departure
of Christopher David as President 

On
February 15, 2024, Mr. David, the Company s then-President, Chief Operating Officer and member of the Company s Board of
Directors informed the Company of his decision to voluntarily resign from his position as the Company s President effective as
of February 15, 2024. Mr. David did not resign as a result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s
operations, policies or practices. 

Appointment
of Robert Oliva as President 

Pursuant
to Mr. David s departure as President, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Robert Oliva as President, effective February
15, 2024. Mr. Oliva previously served the Company between January 26, 2021 and June 30, 2022 in the role of Director. During his time
as Director, Mr. Oliva has also served the Company as a member of the Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committees. On June 30, 2022, Mr. Oliva resigned from the Board of Directors. See Resignation of Robert Oliva. 

89 

Streeterville
Capital, LLC April 2024 Note and SPA 

On
April 5, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the SPA with Streeterville, pursuant to which
the Company issued a secured convertible promissory note (the Note with a maturity date of April 8, 2025 (the Maturity
Date ), in the principal sum of 6,210,000 (the Principal Sum ). Pursuant to the terms of the Note, the Company agreed
to pay the Principal Sum to Streeterville and to pay interest on the principal balance at the rate of 10.9 per annum. The Note carries
an original issue discount OID of 660,000. In addition, 50,000 was withheld from the Principal Sum to cover Streeterville s
transaction costs. Accordingly, on April 8, 2024, Streeterville paid the purchase price of 5,500,000 in exchange for the Note. Upon
receipt of the Purchase Price, the Company repaid in full the remaining outstanding balances under that certain promissory note in the
original principal amount of 3,500,000 issued on September 12, 2023, as well as that certain promissory note in the original principal
amount of 277,777.77 issued on September 18, 2023. 

Streeterville
may convert the Note into the Company s common stock on any trading day (and the following trading day) that any intraday trade
price of the common stock is 10 greater than the closing trade price on the previous trading day (each a Voluntary Conversion ).
With respect to any Voluntary Conversion, the conversion price is equal to 85 of the lowest daily volume weighted average price of the
common stock on any trading day during the five trading day period prior to the respective conversion date (the Conversion Price ),
subject to adjustment as provided in the Note as well as beneficial ownership limitations. 

Beginning
on October 8, 2024, Streeterville had the right to redeem up to 950,000 of the Note per calendar month. The Company is required to pay
such redemption amounts in cash, provided, however, that if certain equity conditions are satisfied, then the Company may pay all or
any portion of such applicable redemption amount by issuing shares of common stock at the applicable Conversion Price at such time. 

The
Company may prepay the Note at any time prior to the date that an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) (each an Event of
Default occurs at an amount equal to 105 of the Outstanding Balance (as defined below). Outstanding Balance means
the Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Note contains customary events of default relating to, among
other things, payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, and breach of covenants in the Note or SPA. 

Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Streeterville,
in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Outstanding Balance plus the Trigger Effect (as defined herein).
The Trigger Effect means 20 of the Outstanding Balance upon the occurrence of any Major Trigger Event (as defined in the
Note) and 5 of the Outstanding Balance upon the occurrence of any Minor Trigger Event (as defined in the Note). The Trigger Effect for
any Minor Trigger Event may occur up to three times. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from
the date of the Event of Default at the rate equal to the lower of 22 per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

In
addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the Note, the sum of the number of shares of common stock that may be issued
under the SPA and Note shall be limited to 19.99 of the outstanding common stock of the Company on April 5, 2024, unless shareholder
approval to exceed such limitation is obtained by the Company. The Company is required, under the terms of the Note, to seek shareholder
approval with respect to the transaction within six months of April 5, 2024. If the Company is unable to obtain such shareholder approval
within nine months of April 5, 2024, then the Company must repay the Note in cash. 

The
SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and subject to certain
exceptions, registration rights with respect to the common stock underlying the Note. The SPA also requires the Company to file a registration
statement covering Streeterville s resale of the common stock underlying the Note within 75 days of the closing date. 

90 

In
connection with the Note and SPA, the Company and Streeterville also entered into a security agreement (the Security Agreement ).
Pursuant to the Security Agreement, the Company granted Streeterville a security interest in all of the assets of the Company. 

Acenzia,
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a guaranty with Streeterville on April 5, 2024 (the Acenzia Guaranty ).
Acenzia guaranteed the repayment of the Note and granted Streeterville a security interest in the assets of Acenzia, including but not
limited to the property located at 1580 Rossi Drive, Tecumseh, Ontario, Canada. Further, NHL, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,
entered into a guaranty with Streeterville on April 5, 2024 (the NHL Guaranty ). NHL guaranteed the repayment of the Note
and granted Streeterville a security interest in the assets of NHL. 

On
October 8, 2024, Streeterville notified the Company that it would redeem 950,000 of the Note. In lieu of payment by the Company to Streeterville
of 950,000, the Company and Streeterville agreed to a one-time fee in the amount of 142,500 (representing 15 of the 950,000 redemption
amount) payable by the Company to Streeterville. Such amount was added to the outstanding balance under the Note. On October 16, 2024,
Streeterville submitted a redemption notice in the amount of 142,500. On October 21, 2024, the Company issued 675,724 shares of common
stock to Streeterville in payment of the 142,500 redemption amount. Following such issuance, the outstanding balance under the Note
was 6,579,657.54. 

RC
Consulting Consortium Group LLC Amendment 

On
April 26, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with RC Consulting Consortium Group LLC RC in
favor of SCP Tourbillion Monaco or registered assigns (the Holder ), pursuant to which the Company issued an unsecured 15-year
promissory note to the Holder (the RC Note with a maturity date of April 26, 2038, in the principal sum of 70,000,000,
which amount represents the 57,000,000 purchase price plus a yield (non-compounding) of 1.52 (zero coupon) per annum from the issue
date. 

On
June 3, 2024, the Company and RC Consulting Consortium Group LLC entered into an amendment (the June 2024 Amendment to
the RC Note. Pursuant to the terms of the June 2024 Amendment, at any time after 12 months and no later than 60 months from the commencement
of the term and prior to an event of default, if the Company s listed common stock closes over 15 per share for a period of five
consecutive trading days, the Company may (upon its sole discretion), prepay up to 50 of the outstanding RC Note in restricted shares
of the Company s common stock, as prescribed under Rule 144, at a value equal to 15 greater than the average closing price of
the Company s common stock over the five consecutive days above 15 per share. In the event the Company elects to prepay any outstanding
amount in restricted stock, upon the removal of the restriction, RC Consulting Consortium Group LLC (or its designates) will be limited
to selling no more than one-sixth the amount of shares available from the lifting of the Rule 144 restriction over a single 30-day period. 

Except
as set forth in the June 2024 Amendment, all other provisions and conditions of the Note remain in full force and effect, including the
Company s right, on 15 days prior written notice, to prepay the Note at any time prior to an event of default. 

Robert
Mattacchione Executive Agreement Amendment 

On
June 18, 2021, the Company entered into an executive agreement (the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement with GPE Global Holdings
Inc., an entity controlled by Robert Mattacchione and through which Mr. Mattacchione agreed to provide services to the Company GPE ).
Pursuant to the terms of the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement, Mr. Mattacchione agreed to serve as the Company s Chief Executive
Officer in exchange for the compensation set forth therein, and consistent with the terms thereof. Mr. Mattacchione also serves as the
Company s Chairman of the Board. 

On
June 18, 2024, the Company and GPE entered into an amendment to the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement (the Mattacchione Amendment ),
pursuant to which the parties agreed to extend the term of the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement by one year, such that the term of the
June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement will continue until June 18, 2025. Except as set forth in the Mattacchione Amendment, the June 2021
Mattacchione Agreement remains in full force and effect. See Resignation of Robert Mattacchione as Chief Executive Officer 
below. 

91 

Christopher
David Executive Agreement Amendment 

On
June 18, 2021, the Company entered into an executive agreement (the June 2021 David Agreement with Christopher David.
Mr. David serves as the Company s Chief Operating Officer. 

On
June 18, 2024, the Company and Mr. David entered into an amendment to the June 2021 David Agreement (the David Amendment ),
pursuant to which the parties agreed to extend the term of the June 2021 David Agreement by one year, such that the term of the June
2021 David Agreement will continue until June 18, 2025. Additionally, the parties agreed to update Mr. David s title to Chief Operating
Officer of the Company, as opposed to President and Chief Operating Officer. Except as set forth in the David Amendment, the June 2021
David Agreement remains in full force and effect. 

Streeterville
Capital LLC SPA Amendment No. 1 

On
June 23, 2024, the Company and Streeterville entered into the First Amendment to the Transaction Documents (the First Amendment ),
pursuant to which (i) the Streeterville SPA was amended to provide that the Registration Statement may be filed on Form S-1 or S-3 and
the Registration Statement will be filed on or before July 3, 2024, and (ii) Streeterville waived any breach or default that occurred
under the Streeterville Note as of the June 23, 2024, if any, as a result of any breach by the Company relating to its failure to timely
file the Registration Statement. 

Resale
Registration Statement on Form S-1 

On
July 8, 2024, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-1 relating to the resale of up to 3,500,000 shares of the Company s
common stock by Streeterville issuable by the Company upon conversion of the Streeterville Note. The prices at which Streeterville may
sell the common stock will be determined by the prevailing market price for the shares or in negotiated transactions. The Company will
not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of common stock owned by Streeterville, and the Company will not receive any proceeds from
the conversion of the Streeterville Note. 

Mast
Hill Fund, L.P. 

On
February 23, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Mast Hill SPA with Mast Hill, pursuant
to which the Company issued an 12 unsecured promissory note (the Mast Hill Note with a maturity date of February 23,
2024 (the Mast Hill Maturity Date ), in the principal sum of 573,000 (the Mast Hill Principal Sum ). In addition,
the Company issued a common stock purchase warrant for the purchase of up to 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock (the
 Mast Hill Warrant to Mast Hill pursuant to the Mast Hill SPA. Pursuant to the terms of the Mast Hill Note, the Company
agreed to pay the Mast Hill Principal Sum to Mast Hill and to pay interest on the principal balance at the rate of 12 per annum. The
Mast Hill Note carries an OID of 57,300. Accordingly, on the closing date, Mast Hill paid the purchase price of 515,700 in exchange
for the Mast Hill Note and the Mast Hill Warrant. Mast Hill may convert the Mast Hill Note into shares of the Company s common
stock at any time at a conversion price equal to 0.175 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the Mast Hill Note (including
but not limited to certain price protection provisions in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions)
as well as certain beneficial ownership limitations. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Mast Hill Note, the Company agreed to pay accrued interest monthly as well as the Mast Hill Principal Sum as follows:
(i) 57,300 on August 23, 2023, (ii) 57,300 on September 23, 2023, (iii) 57,300 on October 23, 2023, (iv) 100,000 on November 23, 2023,
(v) 100,000 on December 23, 2023, (vi) 100,000 on January 23, 2024, and (vii) all remaining amounts owed under the Mast Hill Note on
the Mast Hill Maturity Date (each of the aforementioned payments are an Amortization Payment ). If the Company fails to
make any Amortization Payment, then Mast Hill shall have the right to convert the amount of such respective Amortization Payment into
shares of common stock as provided in the Mast Hill Note at the lesser of (i) the then applicable conversion price under the Mast Hill
Note, or (ii) 85 of the lowest VWAP of the Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading days prior to the
respective conversion date. 

The
Company may prepay the Mast Hill Note at any time prior to the date that an Event of Default (as defined in the Mast Hill Note) occurs
at an amount equal to the Mast Hill Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest (no prepayment premium) plus 750
for administrative fees. The Mast Hill Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults, breach
of representations and warranties, and breach of provisions of the Mast Hill Note, Mast Hill Warrant, or Mast Hill SPA. 

92 

Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Mast Hill Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Mast
Hill, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Mast Hill Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued
interest multiplied by 125 . Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from the date of the Event of
Default at the rate equal to the lower of 16 per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

The
Mast Hill Warrant is exercisable for five years from February 23, 2023, at an exercise price of 0.25 per share, subject to adjustment
as provided in the Mast Hill Warrant. The Mast Hill Warrant also contains certain cashless exercise provisions as well as price protection
provisions providing for adjustment of the number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of the Mast Hill
Warrant and the exercise price in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions. 

As
additional consideration for the purchase of the Mast Hill Note and pursuant to the terms of the Mast Hill SPA, on February 24, 2023,
the Company issued 95,500 restricted shares of common stock (the Commitment Shares to Mast Hill at closing. The Mast Hill
SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and subject to certain
exceptions, piggy-back registration rights with respect to the Commitment Shares as well as the shares of common stock underlying the
Mast Hill Note and the Mast Hill Warrant. In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the Mast Hill Note and the
Mast Hill Warrant, the sum of the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the Mast Hill SPA (including the Commitment
Shares), the Mast Hill Note, and the Mast Hill Warrant shall be limited to 19.99 of the issued and outstanding common stock on the closing
date (equal to 2,772,045 shares) as further described in the Mast Hill SPA, unless shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is
obtained by the Company. 

On
August 24, 2023, the total principal and interest of 580,778 owed on the 573,000 Mast Hill Note was converted to 522,777 shares of
the Company s common stock at 1.11095 per share. As of August 31, 2024, the Mast Hill Note was paid in full. 

On
September 18, 2023, Mast Hill fully exercised all warrants issued pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 573,000 Mast Hill Warrant
Agreement, dated February 23, 2023. Under certain cashless exercise provisions, as well as price protection provisions providing for
adjustment of the number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of the Mast Hill Warrant, the Company issued
53,567 shares of the Company s common stock. As of August 31, 2024, all warrants granted under the 573,000 Mast Hill Warrant Agreement
have been exercised. 

FirstFire
Global Opportunities Fund, LLC 

On
March 21, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the SPA with FirstFire Global Opportunities
Fund, LLC FirstFire pursuant to which the Company issued an 12 unsecured promissory note (the 2023 FirstFire
Note with a maturity date of March 21, 2024, in the principal sum of 573,000 (the Principal Sum ). In addition,
the Company issued a common stock purchase warrant for the purchase of up to 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock (the
 2023 FirstFire Warrant to FirstFire pursuant to the SPA. Pursuant to the terms of the 2023 FirstFire Note, the Company
agreed to pay the Principal Sum to FirstFire and to pay interest on the principal balance at the rate of 12 per annum. The 2023 FirstFire
Note carries an OID of 57,300. Accordingly, on the closing date, FirstFire paid the purchase price of 515,700 in exchange for the 2023
FirstFire Note and the 2023 FirstFire Warrant. FirstFire may convert the 2023 FirstFire Note into the Company s common stock at
any time at a conversion price equal to 1.75 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the 2023 FirstFire Note (including but
not limited to certain price protection provisions in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions)
as well as certain beneficial ownership limitations. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the 2023 FirstFire Note, the Company agreed to pay accrued interest monthly as well as the Principal Sum as follows:
(i) 57,300 on September 21, 2023, (ii) 57,300 on October 21, 2023, (iii) 57,300 on November 21, 2023, (iv) 100,000 on December 21,
2023, (v) 100,000 on January 21, 2024, (vi) 100,000 on February 21, 2024, and (vii) all remaining amounts owed under the 2023 FirstFire
Note on the maturity date (each of the aforementioned payments are an Amortization Payment ). If the Company fails to make
any Amortization Payment, then FirstFire shall have the right to convert the amount of such respective Amortization Payment into shares
of common stock as provided in the 2023 FirstFire Note at the lesser of (i) the then applicable conversion price under the 2023 FirstFire
Note or (ii) 85 of the lowest VWAP of the Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading days prior to the
respective conversion date. 

93 

The
Company may prepay the 2023 FirstFire Note at any time prior to the date that an event of default (as provided in the 2023 FirstFire
Note) occurs at an amount equal to the Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest (no prepayment premium) plus 750
for administrative fees. The 2023 FirstFire Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults,
breach of representations and warranties, and breach of provisions of the 2023 FirstFire Note, the 2023 FirstFire Warrant, or SPA. 

Upon
the occurrence of any event of default, the 2023 FirstFire Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to
FirstFire, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued interest
multiplied by 125 (the Default Amount ). Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from
the date of the Event of Default at the rate equal to the lower of 16 per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

The
2023 FirstFire Warrant is exercisable for five years from March 21, 2023, at an exercise price of 2.50 per share, subject to adjustment
as provided in the 2023 FirstFire Warrant. The 2023 FirstFire Warrant also contains certain cashless exercise provisions as well as price
protection provisions providing for adjustment of the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the 2023 FirstFire Warrants
and the exercise price in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions. 

As
additional consideration for the purchase of the 2023 FirstFire Note and pursuant to the terms of the SPA, on March 22, 2023, the Company
issued 95,500 restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Commitment Shares to FirstFire at closing. The
SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and subject to certain
exceptions, piggy-back registration rights with respect to the Commitment Shares as well as the shares of common stock underlying the
2023 FirstFire Note and the 2023 FirstFire Warrant. In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the 2023 FirstFire
Note and the 2023 FirstFire Warrant, the sum of the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the SPA (including the
Commitment Shares), the 2023 FirstFire Note, and 2023 FirstFire Warrant shall be limited to 1,000,000 shares as further described in
the SPA, unless shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is obtained by the Company. 

On
September 21, 2023, the total principal and interest of 577,521 owed on the 573,000 FirstFire Note was converted to 519,845 restricted
shares of the Company s common stock at 1.11095 per share. As of August 31, 2024, the FirstFire 573,000 Note is paid in full. 

On
October 12, 2023, FirstFire fully exercised all warrants issued under the terms and conditions of the 573,000 FirstFire Warrant Agreement,
dated March 21, 2023. Under certain cashless exercise provisions, as well as price protection provisions providing for adjustment of
the number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of the Mast Hill Warrant, the Company issued 53,532 shares
of the Company s common stock. As of August 31, 2024, all warrants granted under the 573,000 FirstFire Warrant Agreement have
been exercised. 

Mast
Hill Fund, L.P. 445,000 Note, SPA, and Warrant 

On
June 20, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the MH 445,000 SPA with Mast Hill, pursuant
to which the Company issued an 12 unsecured promissory note (the MH 445,000 Note with a maturity date of June 20, 2024
(the MH 445,000 Maturity Date ), in the principal sum of 445,000 (the MH 445,000 Principal Sum ). In addition,
the Company issued a common stock purchase warrant for the purchase of up to 77,662 shares of the Company s common stock (the MH
 445,000 Warrant to Mast Hill pursuant to the MH 445,000 SPA. Pursuant to the terms of the MH 445,000 Note, the Company agreed
to pay the MH 445,000 Principal Sum to Mast Hill and to pay interest on the principal balance at the rate of 12 per annum. The MH 445,000
Note carries an OID of 44,500. Accordingly, on the Closing Date (as defined in the MH 445,000 SPA), Mast Hill paid the purchase price
of 400,500 in exchange for the MH 445,000 Note and MH 445,000 Warrant. Mast Hill may convert the MH 445,000 Note into the Company s
common stock at any time at a conversion price equal to 1.75 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the MH 445,000 Note (including
but not limited to certain price protection provisions in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions),
as well as certain beneficial ownership limitations. 

94 

Pursuant
to the terms of the MH 445,000 Note, the Company agreed to pay accrued interest monthly as well as the MH 445,000 Principal Sum as
follows: (i) 44,500 on December 20, 2023, (ii) 44,500 on January 20, 2024, (iii) 44,500 on February 20, 2024, (iv) 77,661 on March
20, 2024, (v) 77,661 on April 20, 2024, (vi) 77,661 on May 20, 2024, and (vii) all remaining amounts owed under the MH 445,000 Note
on the MH 445,000 Maturity Date (each of the aforementioned payments are an MH 445,000 Amortization Payment ). If the
Company fails to make any MH 445,000 Amortization Payment, then Mast Hill shall have the right to convert the amount of such respective
MH 445,000 Amortization Payment into shares of common stock as provided in the MH 445,000 Note at the lesser of (i) the then applicable
conversion price under the MH 445,000 Note or (ii) 85 of the lowest VWAP of the common stock on any trading day during the five trading
days prior to the respective conversion date. 

The
Company may prepay the MH 445,000 Note at any time prior to the date that an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) (each an MH
 445,000 Event of Default occurs at an amount equal to the MH 445,000 Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid
interest (no prepayment premium) plus 750 for administrative fees. The MH 445,000 Note contains customary events of default relating
to, among other things, payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, and breach of provisions of the MH 445,000 Note,
the MH 445,000 Warrant, or the MH 445,000 SPA. 

Upon
the occurrence of any MH 445,000 Event of Default, the MH 445,000 Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall
pay to Mast Hill, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the MH 445,000 Principal Sum then outstanding
plus accrued interest multiplied by 125 . Upon the occurrence of an MH 445,000 Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from
the date of the MH 445,000 Event of Default at the rate equal to the lower of 16 per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

The
MH 445,000 Warrant is exercisable for five years from June 20, 2023, at an exercise price of 2.50 per share, subject to adjustment
as provided in the MH 445,000 Warrant. The MH 445,000 Warrant also contains certain cashless exercise provisions, as well as price
protection provisions providing for adjustment of the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the MH 445,000 Warrant
and the exercise price in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions. 

As
additional consideration for the purchase of the MH 445,000 Note and pursuant to the terms of the MH 445,000 SPA, the Company issued
74,167 restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the MH 445,000 Commitment Shares to Mast Hill at closing.
The MH 445,000 SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and subject
to certain exceptions, piggy-back registration rights with respect to the MH 445,000 Commitment Shares as well as the shares of common
stock underlying the MH 445,000 Note and MH 445,000 Warrant. In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the MH
 445,000 Note and MH 445,000 Warrant, the sum of the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the MH 445,000 SPA (including
the MH 445,000 Commitment Shares), MH 445,000 Note, and MH 445,000 Warrant shall be limited to 1,772,045 as further described in the
MH 445,000 SPA, unless shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is obtained by the Company. 

Specific
to the MH 445,000 Note, on July 20, 2023, the Company made a monthly interest payment of 4,243. On August 21, 2023, the Company made
a monthly interest payment of 4,535. On September 21, 2023, the Company made a monthly interest payment of 4,535. On October 20, 2023,
the Company made a monthly interest payment of 4,389. 

On
October 23, 2023, Mast Hill fully exercised all warrants issued pursuant to the terms and conditions of the MH 445,000 Mast Hill Warrant
Agreement, dated June 20, 2023. Under certain cashless exercise provisions, as well as price protection provisions providing for adjustment
of the number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of the Mast Hill Warrant, the Company issued 138,703
restricted shares of the Company s common stock. 

On
December 21, 2023, the total principal and interest of 454,071 owed on the MH 445,00 Note was converted to 457,128 shares of the Company s
common stock at 1.11095 per share. As of August 31, 2024, the MH 445,000 Note is paid in full and all outstanding warrants have been
exercised. 

95 

Registration
Statement on Form S-8 

On
September 23, 2024, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-282277) registering 2,500,000 shares of common
stock issuable pursuant to the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan. 

Resignation
of Robert Oliva 

On
October 25, 2024, Mr. Oliva resigned as President of the Company. His resignation was not a result of any disagreement with the Company
on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

Resignation
of Robert Mattacchione as Chief Executive Officer 

On
November 7, 2024, Mr. Mattacchione resigned as the Company s Chief Executive Officer , effective
90 days following the notification date (i.e. effective February 5, 2025). The 90-day notice period is intended to provide the Company
with a fluid transition and to allow the Company time to appoint a suitable replacement. Following the 90-day transition period, Mr.
Mattacchione intends to continue to serve as (i) the Company s Chairman of the Board, and (ii) Chairman of NHL, a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Mattacchione s resignation was not a result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter
relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

Approval
of Reverse Stock Split 

On
November 22, 2024, stockholders approved the amendment of the Company s articles of incorporation, as amended, to effectuate a
reverse stock split of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock at a ratio of no less than 1-for-10 and no more than 1-for-30,
with such ratio to be determined at the sole discretion of the Board. Although stockholders approved such amendment, the Board may determine
in its discretion to abandon and to not effectuate the reverse stock split. 

For
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023 

Revenues
for the year ended August 31, 2024 were 13,294,357, representing an increase of 722,338, or 6 , from 12,572,019 for the same period
in 2023. The increase in revenue is principally due to an increase in product sales. Acenzia s and Terragenx s revenue for
the year ended August 31, 2024 was 4,713,940 and 122,154, respectively. Revenue from our healthcare services increased by 1 , when
comparing the revenue for the year ended August 31, 2024 to the same period in 2023. 

Cost
of revenues for the year ended August 31, 2024 were 7,551,853, representing a decrease of 67,451 or 1 , from 7,619,304 for the same
period in 2023. Cost of revenues as a percentage of revenue was 57 for the year ended August 31, 2024 and 61 for same period in 2023. 

Operating
costs for the year ended August 31, 2024 were 15,818,802, representing an increase of 2,312,925, or 17 , from 13,505,877 for the same
period in 2023. The increase in operating costs is principally due to (i) impairment of intangible assets and goodwill being recognized
in the year ended August 31, 2024 (ii) further due to increase in overhead expenses associated with the operations. 

Other
expense for the year ended August 31, 2024 was 6,052,272, representing an increase of 1,335,989, or 28 , from other expense of
 4,716,282 for the same period in 2023. The increase is due to change in fair value of derivative, amortization of debt discount
associated with the convertible notes, foreign currency exchange loss arising as a result of intercompany balance reconciliation and
inventory write down as compared to the previous year. 

Net
loss attributed to Novo Integrated Sciences for the year ended August 31, 2024 was 16,166,744, representing an increase of 2,952,192,
or 22 , from 13,214,552 for the same period in 2023. The increase in net loss was principally due to (i) impairment of intangible assets
and goodwill being recognized in the year ended August 31, 2024 (ii) foreign currency exchange loss arising as a result of intercompany
balance reconciliation (iii) amortization of debt discount as compared to the previous year. 

96 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company has had
net losses of 16,128,570 and 13,269,444 , respectively. 

During
the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company used cash in operating activities of 5,069,840 compared to 2,243,315 for the same period
in 2023. The principal reason for the increase in cash used in operating activities is changes in noncash expenses and changes in operating
asset and liability accounts. 

During
the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company s cash used in investing activities was 5,034 compared to cash provided by investing
activities of 49,224 for the same period in 2023. During the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company purchased property and equipment
for 5,034. 

During
the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company had cash provided from financing activities of 4,990,942 compared to 763,860 for the same
period in 2023. The primary reason for the change is the receipt of 8,649,153 in cash from the issuance of convertible notes, net of
issuance costs, and 240,400 of cash received from warrant exercises, offset by the repayments of 3,311,536 for convertible notes, 396,418
repayment to related parties, 183,725 for notes payable, and 7,334 for finance leases. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources
that is material to investors. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

We
believe that the following critical policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in preparation of our consolidated
financial statements. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company regularly evaluates estimates
and assumptions. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience, and various other factors that
it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values
of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. This applies in particular
to the going concern assessment, useful lives of non-current assets, impairment of non-current assets, allowance for doubtful accounts,
allowance for slow moving and obsolete inventory, valuation of share-based compensation and warrants, and valuation allowance for deferred
tax assets. The actual results experienced by the Company may differ materially and adversely from the Company s estimates. To
the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results, future results of operations will be affected. 

97 

Property
and Equipment 

Property
and equipment are stated at cost less depreciation and impairment. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as
incurred; additions, renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the
related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is included in operations. Depreciation
of property and equipment is provided using the declining balance method for substantially all assets with estimated lives as follows: 

Building 
 30
 years 

Leasehold
 improvements 
 5
 years 

Clinical
 equipment 
 5
 years 

Computer
 equipment 
 3
 years 

Office
 equipment 
 5
 years 

Furniture
 and fixtures 
 5
 years 

The
Company has not changed its estimate for the useful lives of its property and equipment but would expect that a decrease in the estimated
useful lives of property and equipment of 20 would result in an annual increase to depreciation expense of approximately 172,547, and
an increase in the estimated useful lives of property and equipment of 20 would result in an annual decrease to depreciation expense
of approximately 115,031. 

Intangible
Assets 

The
Company s intangible assets are being amortized over their estimated useful lives as follows: 

Land
 use rights 
 50
 years (the lease period) 

Software
 license 
 7
 years 

Intellectual
 property 
 7
 years 

Customer
 relationships 
 5
 years 

Brand
 names 
 7
 years 

The
intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed for impairment when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted
cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets carrying amounts. In that event, a loss is recognized
based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the long-lived assets. The Company has not changed its estimate
for the useful lives of its intangible assets but would expect that a decrease in the estimated useful lives of intangible assets of
20 would result in an annual increase to amortization expense of approximately 496,003, and an increase in the estimated useful lives
of intangible assets of 20 would result in an annual decrease to amortization expense of approximately 330,668. 

Long-Lived
Assets 

The
Company applies the provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment , which addresses financial accounting and reporting for the impairment
or disposal of long-lived assets. ASC 360 requires impairment losses to be recorded on long-lived assets, including right-of-use assets,
used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets
are less than the assets carrying amounts. In that event, a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount
exceeds the fair value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed of is determined in a similar manner, except
that fair values are reduced for the cost of disposal. 

Right-of-use
Assets 

The
Company s right-of-use assets consist of leased assets recognized in accordance with ASC 842, Leases, which requires lessees
to recognize a lease liability and a corresponding lease asset for virtually all lease contracts. Right-of-use assets represent the Company s
right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liability represents the Company s obligation to make lease payments
arising from the lease, both of which are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term
at the commencement date. Leases with a lease term of 12 months or less at inception are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet
and are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The
Company determines the lease term by agreement with lessor. In cases where the lease does not provide an implicit interest rate, the
Company uses the Company s incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the
present value of future payments. 

98 

Goodwill 

Goodwill
represents the excess of purchase price over the underlying net assets of businesses acquired. Under U.S. GAAP, goodwill is not amortized
but is subject to annual impairment tests. The Company recorded goodwill related to its acquisition of APKA Health, Inc. APKA during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2017, Executive Fitness Leaders EFL during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018,
Action Plus Physiotherapy Rockland Rockland during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019, Acenzia, Inc. Acenzia during fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, and 12858461 Canada Corp. 1285 ), and Fairway Physiotherapy and Sports Injury
Clinic Fairway during fiscal year ended August 31, 2022. As of August 31, 2022, the Company performed the required impairment
reviews and determined that an impairment charge of 1,357,043 related to the goodwill for Acenzia was necessary. The Company determined
that the carrying value was in excess of the expected fair value of discounted cash flows based on the current market and business environments,
resulting in the need for impairment. The impairment was determined based on the discounted cash flow valuation model and the projected
future cash flows of the underlying business. As of August 31, 2024, the Company performed the required impairment reviews and determined
that an impairment charge of 1,001,333 related to the goodwill for Acenzia was necessary. The Company determined that the carrying value
was in excess of the expected fair value of discounted cash flows based on the current market and business environments, resulting in
the need for impairment. The impairment was determined based on the discounted cash flow valuation model and the projected future cash
flows of the underlying business. 

Accounts
Receivable 

Accounts
Receivable are recorded, net of allowance for doubtful accounts and sales returns. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable
and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentration, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends, and changes in customer
payment patterns to determine if the allowance for doubtful accounts is adequate. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection
of the full amount is no longer probable. Delinquent account balances are written-off after management has determined that the likelihood
of collection is not probable and known bad debts are written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts when identified. The Company
has not changed its methodology for estimating allowance for doubtful accounts and historically the change in estimate has not been significant
to the Company s consolidated financial statements. If there is a deterioration of the Company s customers ability
to pay or if future write-offs of receivables differ from those currently anticipated, the Company may have to adjust its allowance for
doubtful accounts, which would affect earnings in the period the adjustments are made. 

Inventory 

Inventories
are valued at the lower of cost (determined by the first in, first out method) and net realizable value. Management compares the cost
of inventories with the net realizable value and allowance is made for writing down their inventories to net realizable value, if lower.
Inventory is segregated into three areas: raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods. The Company periodically assessed its inventory
for slow moving and/or obsolete items and any change in the allowance is recorded in cost of revenue in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss. If any are identified an appropriate allowance for those items is made and/or the items
are deemed to be impaired. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes . ASC 740 requires a company to use the asset
and liability method of accounting for income taxes, whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences,
and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the
opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion, or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. The Company has not
changed it methodology for estimating the valuation allowance. A change in valuation allowance affect earnings in the period the adjustments
are made and could be significant due to the large valuation allowance currently established. 

Under
ASC 740, a tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax position would be sustained
in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that
is greater than 50 likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test,
no tax benefit is recorded. The Company has no material uncertain tax positions for any of the reporting periods presented. 

99 

Derivative
Financial Instruments 

Fair
value accounting requires bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features in convertible debt or equity instruments
and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In assessing the convertible debt instruments, management determines if
the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion feature requiring
measurement. If the instrument is not considered conventional convertible debt under ASC 470, the Company will continue its evaluation
process of these instruments as derivative financial instruments under ASC 815. The Company applies the guidance in ASC 815-40-35-12
to determine the order in which each convertible instrument would be evaluated for derivative classification. 

Once
determined, derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at each reporting period end, with any increase or decrease in
the fair value being recorded in results of operations as an adjustment to the fair value of derivatives. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company s revenue recognition reflects the updated accounting policies as per the requirements of Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 ). As sales are and have been primarily from providing
healthcare services the Company has no significant post-delivery obligations. 

Revenue
from providing healthcare and healthcare related services and product sales are recognized under Topic 606 in a manner that reasonably
reflects the delivery of its products and services to customers in return for expected consideration and includes the following elements: 

executed
 contracts with the Company s customers that it believes are legally enforceable; 

identification
 of performance obligations in the respective contract; 

determination
 of the transaction price for each performance obligation in the respective contract; 

allocation
 the transaction price to each performance obligation; and 

recognition
 of revenue only when the Company satisfies each performance obligation. 

These
five elements, as applied to the Company s revenue category, are summarized below: 

Healthcare
 and healthcare related services - gross service revenue is recorded in the accounting records at the time the services are provided
 (point-in-time) on an accrual basis at the provider s established rates. The Company reserves a provision for contractual adjustment
 and discounts that are deducted from gross service revenue. The Company reports revenues net of any sales, use and value added taxes. 

Product
 sales - revenue is recorded at the point of time of delivery 

In
arrangements where another party is involved in providing specified services to a customer, the Company evaluates whether it is the principal
or agent. In this evaluation, the Company considers if the Company obtains control of the specified goods or services before they are
transferred to the customer, as well as other indicators such as the party primarily responsible for fulfillment, inventory risk, and
discretion in establishing price. For product sales where the Company is not the principal, the Company recognizes revenue on a net basis.
For the periods presented, revenue for arrangements where the Company is the agent was not material. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company records stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . FASB
ASC Topic 718 requires companies to measure compensation cost for stock-based employee compensation at fair value at the grant date and
recognize the expense over the requisite service period. The Company recognizes in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss the grant-date fair value of stock options and other equity-based compensation issued to employees and non-employees. 

100 

Basic
and Diluted Earnings Per Share 

Earnings
per share is calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share . Basic earnings per share EPS is
based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted EPS assumes that all dilutive securities are converted. Dilution
is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method, options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning
of the period (or at the time of issuance, if later), and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average
market price during the period. 

Foreign
Currency Transactions and Comprehensive Income 

U.S.
GAAP generally requires recognized revenue, expenses, gains and losses be included in net income. Certain statements, however, require
entities to report specific changes in assets and liabilities, such as gain or loss on foreign currency translation, as a separate component
of the equity section of the consolidated balance sheet. Such items, along with net income, are components of comprehensive income. The
functional currency of the Company s Canadian subsidiaries is the Canadian dollar and the functional currency of the Parent is
the United States. dollar. Translation gains (losses) are classified as an item of other comprehensive (loss) income in the stockholders 
equity section of the consolidated balance sheet. 

New
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments . ASU 2016-13 was issued to improve financial reporting by requiring earlier recognition of credit losses on financing
receivables and other financial assets in scope. The new standard represents significant changes to accounting for credit losses. Full
lifetime expected credit losses will be recognized upon initial recognition of an asset in scope. The current incurred loss impairment
model that recognizes losses when a probable threshold is met will be replaced with the expected credit loss impairment method without
recognition threshold. The expected credit losses estimate will be based upon historical information, current conditions, and reasonable
and supportable forecasts. This ASU as amended by ASU 2019-10, is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company
has evaluated the effect of this ASU on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In
March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04 providing optional expedients and exceptions to account for the effects of reference rate
reform to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued.
The optional guidance, which became effective on March 12, 2020, could be applied through December 31, 2022. In December 2022, the FASB
issued No 2022-06 extending the sunset date of the relief provided under ASU No. 2020-04 to December 31, 2024. The ASU has not impacted
these consolidated financial statements. The Company has various contracts that reference LIBOR and is assessing how this standard may
be applied to specific contract modifications through December 31, 2024. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470- 20) and Derivatives and Hedging
- Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s
Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which is intended to simplify the accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics
of liabilities and equity, including convertible instruments and contracts on an entity s own equity. The guidance allows for either
full retrospective adoption or modified retrospective adoption. The ASU is effective for the fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2023 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect of this ASU on the Company s consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures. 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards could have a material effect on the accompanying
consolidated financial statements. As new accounting pronouncements are issued, we will adopt those that are applicable under the circumstances. 

Recent
accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the SEC did not or are not believed
by management to have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

101 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

NOVO
INTEGRATED SCIENCES, INC. 

 Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Contents 

Page

Financial
 Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

102 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. the Company as of August
31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash
flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended August 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
August 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company has recurring losses from operations, has negative cash flows from operating activities, and
has an accumulated deficit. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 1 

Valuation
of Goodwill Long-Lived Intangible Assets 

Description
of the Critical Audit Matter 

As
reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements, at August 31, 2024, the Company s goodwill was 6.55 million
and net long-lived intangible assets were 13.37 million. As discussed in Note 2 and 8 to the financial statements, the Company, at least
annually, assesses goodwill and intangible assets for impairment. The company periodically reviews its intangible assets if any impairment
indicators arise. 

Auditing
management s tests for impairment of goodwill and intangible assets involves significant complexity and high judgement due to management s
significant estimations required to determine the fair value of goodwill, intangible assets and any related impairment. In particular,
the fair value estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions and were sensitive to changes in assumptions such as the Company s
financial forecast, discount rates, and historical and future operating costs, which are all impacted by expectations about future market
and economic conditions. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
principal audit procedures to evaluate management s evaluation of goodwill and intangibles included, among other procedures, the
following: 

We
 obtained an understanding of the Company s process for evaluating its annual impairment
 assessment process. 

We
 assessed the relevance and reliability of data utilized by a third-party valuation specialist
 in assessing fair value. 

We
 analyzed the significant estimates which included assessment of methodologies and tested
 the significant assumptions and underlying data used by the Company in its analysis. 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Description
of the Critical Audit Matter 

The
Company has material accounts receivable for which assessing the potential collectability of accounts may include subjective and potentially
complex considerations from management, as well as requiring high degrees of auditor judgment to assess the appropriateness of the audit
evidence to support the Company s assessment. As discussed in Note 2 and 5 to the financial statements, the Company periodically
assesses the collectability of the outstanding balances and records an allowance for expected credit losses. Auditing management s
assessment of collectability of receivables requires subjective auditor judgment and estimation by management. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter was Address in the Audit 

Our
principal audit procedures to evaluate management s evaluation receivables (allowance) included, among other procedures, the following: 

Obtained
 an understanding of management's processes and assumptions for developing the allowance for
 uncollectible accounts receivable and traced significant consideration through to the Company's
 disclosure of its related accounting policy. 

Tested
 the accuracy and completeness of the accounts receivable aging schedules which management
 utilized in performing analysis of collectability of related balances. 

Tested
 subsequent collections for a selection of accounts receivable balances, including both material
 and immaterial account balances at year end. 

PCAOB ID #0 

 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

December
18, 2024 

F- 2 

NOVO
INTEGRATED SCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 As
of August 31, 2024 and 2023 

August 31, 
 August 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Right-of-use assets, net 

Goodwill 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued interest (including amounts to related parties) 

Government loans and notes payable, current portion 

Convertible notes payable, net of discount of 

Derivative liability 
 
 - 
 
 Contingent liability 

Debentures, related parties, current portion 

Due to related parties 

Finance lease liability, current portion 

Operating lease liability, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Government loans and notes payable, net of current portion 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Deferred tax liability 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Convertible preferred stock; par value; shares authorized; Nil shares issued and outstanding at August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock; par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Common stock to be issued and shares at August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023) 

Other comprehensive (loss) income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The consolidated balance sheets common stock share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to account for the Company s
1:10 reverse stock split, effective November 7, 2023. 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

NOVO
INTEGRATED SCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 For
the Years Ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 

2024 
 2023 

Years Ended 

August 31, 
 August 31, 

2024 
 2023 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment of assets 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Non-operating income (expense) 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Other (expense) income 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 

Foreign currency transaction losses 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense (recovery) 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 

Net loss attributed to noncontrolling interest 

Net loss attributed to Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation loss 

Comprehensive loss: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 

The consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss s share and per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted
to account for the Company s 1:10 reverse stock split, effective November 7, 2023. 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

NOVO
INTEGRATED SCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 For
the Years Ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Be Issued 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 Interest 
 Equity 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Common 
 Stock To 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total Novo 
 Stockholders 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Be Issued 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 Interest 
 Equity 

Balance, August 31, 2022 

Units issued for cash, net of offering costs 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Cashless exercise of warrants 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Share issuance for convertible debt settlement 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of warrants for cash 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued with convertible notes 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Value of warrants issued with convertible notes 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Beneficial conversion feature upon issuance on convertible debt 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Extinguishment of derivative liability due to conversion 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock for services 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock to be issued 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fair value of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Foreign currency translation loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, August 31, 2023 

Balance 

Cashless exercise of warrants 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Exercise of warrants for cash 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued for convertible debt settlement 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock to be issued 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for services 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Reverse stock split share rounding 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fair value of stock options 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Cancellation of agreement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Foreign currency translation loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, August 31, 2024 

Balance 

The consolidated statements of stockholder s equity share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to account for the Company s
1:10 reverse stock split, effective November 7, 2023. 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

NOVO
INTEGRATED SCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For
the Years Ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 

August 31, 
 August 31, 

Years Ended 

August 31, 
 August 31, 

2024 
 2023 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Fair value of vested stock options 

Financing costs for debt extension 
 - 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 
 - 
 
 Default payment and interest paid through common share issuance 
 - 

Cashless exercise of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for services 

Operating lease expense 

Cancellation of shares to be issued 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 

Foreign currency transaction losses 

Impairment of assets 
 
 - 
 
 Assets write off 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued interest 

Operating lease liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

(Repayments to) receipt from related parties 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Repayments of notes payable 

Repayments of finance leases 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes 

Repayment of convertible notes 

Proceeds from the sale of common stock, net of offering costs 
 - 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 

CASH PAID FOR: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Common stock issued for convertible debt 

Common stock issued for acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrants issued with convertible notes 
 - 

Beneficial conversion feature upon issuance of convertible notes 
 - 

Debt discount recognized on derivative liability 
 - 

Extinguishment of derivative liability due to conversion 
 - 

Debt discount recognized on convertible note 
 - 

Common stock issued with convertible notes 
 - 

Common stock issued for services 
 
 - 
 
 Cashless exercise of warrants 
 
 - 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

NOVO
INTEGRATED SCIENCES, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 

restricted shares of Novo Integrated common stock, representing of the issued and outstanding Novo Integrated common
stock, calculated including all granted and issued options or warrants to acquire Novo Integrated common stock as of the Effective Date,
but to exclude shares of Novo Integrated common stock that are subject to a then-current Regulation S offering that was undertaken by
Novo Integrated (the Exchange ). 

On
May 9, 2017, the Exchange closed and, as a result, NHL became a wholly owned subsidiary of Novo Integrated. The Exchange was accounted
for as a reverse acquisition under the purchase method of accounting since NHL obtained control of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. Accordingly,
the Exchange was recorded as a recapitalization of NHL, with NHL being treated as the continuing entity. The historical financial statements
presented are the financial statements of NHL. The Share Exchange Agreement was treated as a recapitalization and not as a business combination;
therefore, no pro forma information is disclosed. At the closing date of the Exchange, the net assets of the legal acquirer, novo Integrated
Sciences, Inc., were . 

Reverse
Stock Split 

On
November 7, 2023, the Company effected a of our common stock. As a result of the reverse stock split, every
10 shares of issued and outstanding common stock were exchanged for one share of common stock, with any fractional shares being rounded
up to the next higher whole share. Unless otherwise noted, the share and per share information in this report have been retroactively
adjusted to give effect to the . 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements were prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America U.S. GAAP ). 

The
Company s Canadian subsidiaries functional currency is the Canadian Dollar CAD and the Parent company s
functional currency is the United States Dollar or USD however, the accompanying consolidated financial
statements were translated and presented in USD. 

Going
Concern 

The
Company evaluated whether there are any conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the consolidated financial statements are issued. The Company has incurred
recurring losses from operations, has negative cash flows from operating activities, and has an accumulated deficit as at of August 31,
2024. The Company believes that its cash and other available resources may not be sufficient to meet its operating needs and the payment
of obligations related to various business acquisitions as they come due within one year after the date the consolidated financial statements
are issued. 

To
alleviate these conditions, the Company is currently in the process of raising funds through debt financing and a subsequent public offering
in the United States. As the Company s funding activities are ongoing, there can be no assurances that the Company will be able
to secure funding on terms that are acceptable to the Company. These conditions, along with the matters noted above, raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the consolidated financial statements
are issued. While management has developed and is in process to implement plans that management believes could alleviate in the future
the substantial doubt that was raised, management concluded at the date of the issuance of the consolidated financial statements that
substantial doubt exists as those plans are not completely within the control of management. These consolidated financial statements
do not reflect the adjustments to the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the reported expenses and consolidated balance sheets
classifications that would be necessary if the Company were unable to realize its assets and settle its liabilities as a going concern
in the normal course of operations. Such adjustments could be material. 

Foreign
Currency Translation 

The
accounts of the Company s Canadian subsidiaries are maintained in CAD. The accounts of these subsidiaries are translated into USD
in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 830, Foreign Currency Transaction , with the CAD as the functional currency. According to Topic 830, all assets and liabilities
are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, stockholders equity is translated at historical rates and statement
of operations items are translated at the weighted average exchange rate for the period. The resulting translation adjustments are reported
under other comprehensive income OCI in accordance with ASC Topic 220, Comprehensive Income . Gains and losses
resulting from the translations of foreign currency transactions and balances are reflected in the consolidated statement of operations
and comprehensive loss. The following table details the exchange rates used for the respective periods: 

Average period: CAD to USD exchange rate 

controlling interest in Terragenx Inc. Terragenx ),
a controlling interest in 12858461 Canada Corp 1285 Canada ), an controlling interest in Novo Healthnet Kemptville
Centre, Inc., a Back on Track Physiotherapy and Health Centre clinic operated by NHL, Clinical Consultants International, LLC and a 
controlling interest in Novo Earth Therapeutics Inc. (currently inactive). 

All
intercompany transactions have been eliminated. 

An
entity is controlled when the Company has the ability to direct the relevant activities of the entity, has exposure or rights to variable
returns from its involvement with the entity, and is able to use its power over the entity to affect its returns from the entity. 

Income
or loss and each component of OCI are attributed to the shareholders of the Company and to the noncontrolling interests. Total comprehensive
income is attributed to the shareholders of the Company and to the noncontrolling interests even if this results in the non-controlling
interests having a deficit balance on consolidation. 

and ,
respectively. As of August 31, 2024, (2023: nil of the Company s trade receivables balance is owed from one customer. 

years 
 
 Leasehold
 improvements 
 
 years 
 
 Clinical
 equipment 
 
 years 
 
 Computer
 equipment 
 
 years 
 
 Office
 equipment 
 
 years 
 
 Furniture
 and fixtures 
 
 years 

years (the lease period) 
 
 Intellectual
 property 
 
 years 
 
 Customer
 relationships 
 
 years 
 
 Brand
 names 
 
 years 

The
intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed for impairment when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted
cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets carrying amounts. In that event, a loss is recognized
based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the long-lived assets. Based on its reviews at August 31,
2024 and 2023, the Company believes there was and nil of impairment of its intangible assets, respectively, recognized in
the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss as impairment of assets . The impairment was determined based on an analysis
performed on the fair value of the underlying intangible assets, which was estimated based on a discounted cash flow valuation model
and the projected future cash flows of the underlying business. 

months or less at inception are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet
and are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The
Company determines the lease term by agreement with lessor. In cases where the lease does not provide an implicit interest rate, the
Company uses the Company s incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the
present value of future payments. 

related
to the goodwill for Acenzia and an impairment charge of related to NHL (APKA, EFL and Rockland) was necessary. The Company
determined that the carrying value was in excess of the expected fair value of discounted cash flows based on the current market and
business environments, resulting in the need for impairment. The impairment was determined based on the discounted cash flow
valuation model and the projected future cash flows of the underlying business. 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance, August 31, 2023 

Beginning balance 

Impairment of goodwill 

- 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance, August 31, 2024 

Ending balance 

and options/warrants
outstanding at August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In addition, at August 31, 2024, there were outstanding convertible notes that
could convert into shares of common stock and there were shares of common stock to be issued. 

Due
to the net loss incurred potentially dilutive instruments would be anti-dilutive. Accordingly, diluted loss per share is the same as
basic loss per share for all periods presented. 

and translation loss for the
years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are classified as an item of other comprehensive (loss) income in the stockholders 
equity section of the consolidated balance sheet. 

and , respectively. At August 31, 2024, was non-interest bearing, nil 
bears interest at per annum, and bears interest at per annum. At August 31, 2023, was non-interest bearing,
 bears interest at per annum, and bears interest at per annum. 

The
remaining principal balance of debentures due to related parties at August 31, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

Work in process 

Finished Goods 

Inventory Gross 

Allowance for slow moving and obsolete inventory 
 - 
 - 
 
 Inventory, net 

Amounts earned but not billed 

Accounts receivables gross 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Accounts receivable, net 

per annum; unsecured; due , as amended. 

Advance to corporation; accrues interest at per annum; secured by property and other assets of debtor; due , as amended. 

Advance to corporation; accrues interest at per annum; secured by assets of debtor; due , as amended. 

Total other receivables 

Current portion 

Long-term portion 
 - 
 - 

Building 

Leasehold improvements 

Clinical equipment 

Computer equipment 

Office equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Property and Equipment gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

Total 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

Certain
property and equipment have been used to secure notes payable (See Note 10). 

Intellectual property 

Customer relationships 

Brand names 

Finite lived intangible assets, gross 

Accumulated amortization 

Total 

Amortization
expense for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total 

On
January 7, 2019, 2478659 Ontario Ltd. 247 and Kainai Cooperative Kainai entered into a Joint Venture
Agreement (the Joint Venture Agreement for the purpose of developing, managing and arranging for financing of greenhouse
and farming projects involving hemp and cannabis cash crops on Kainai related lands, and developing additional infrastructure projects
creating jobs and food supply to local communities. On January 8, 2019, we and 247 entered into an Agreement of Transfer and Assignment,
pursuant to which 247 agreed to sell, assign and transfer to the Company all rights, contracts, contacts and any and all other assets
related in any way to the Joint Venture Agreement. The Joint Venture Agreement has an initial term of years and Kainai may renew the Joint Venture
Agreement within five years of the expiry of the initial term upon mutual agreement. On January 30, 2019, pursuant to the terms of the
Joint Venture Agreement, the Company issued restricted common shares to 247 with a value of . As at August 31, 2024,
the land use rights were determined to be impaired by (2023 - ). 

On
December 17, 2019, the Company entered into that certain Intellectual Property Asset Purchase Agreement (the APA by and
between the Company and 2731861 Ontario Corp. (the Seller ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase, and Seller
agreed to sell (the Acquisition ), proprietary designs for an innovative cannabis dosing device, in addition to designs,
plans, procedures, and all other material pertaining to the application, construction, operation, and marketing of a cannabis business
under the regulations of Health Canada (the Intellectual Property ). Pursuant to the terms of the APA, the purchase price
of the Intellectual Property is shares of restricted common stock of the Company valued at . As at August 31, 2024, the acquired intellectual property was determined to be impaired by (2023 - ). 

In
connection with the acquisition of PRO-DIP (see Note 16), the Company acquired intellectual property valued at . As at August 31, 2024, the acquired intellectual property was determined
to be impaired by (2023 - ). 

In
connection with the acquisition of Acenzia (See Note 16), the Company acquired the following intangible assets: intellectual property
valued at ; customer relationships valued at and brand names valued at . 

In
connection with the acquisition of Terragenx (see Note 16), the Company acquired intellectual property valued at . As at August
31, 2024, the acquired intellectual property was determined to be fully impaired. 

In
connection with the acquisition of 1285 Canada (see Note 16), the Company acquired customer relationships valued at . 

In
connection with the acquisition of Poling Taddeo Hovius Physiotherapy Professional Corp. (see Note 16), the Company acquired customer
relationships valued at . 

In
connection with the acquisition of Clinical Consultants International LLC (see Note 16), the Company acquired customer relationships
valued at .
As at August 31, 2024, the acquired customer relationships were determined to be impaired by nil (2023 - . 

Accrued payroll 

Unearned revenue 

Accrued expense 

Note payable to the Small Business Administration SBA ). The note bears interest at per annum, requires monthly payments of after 12 months from funding and is due 30 years from the date of issuance and is secured by certain equipment of PRO-DIP. 

Note payable dated December 3, 2018; accrues interest at per annum; unsecured; annual payments of approximately ; due December 2, 2028. 

Note payable received May 25, 2023 accruing interest at per 3-months term, unsecured, with principal and interest due 3-month from loan issuance. The note was repaid on October 26, 2023. 
 - 

Note payable received May 10, 2023 accruing interest at per 4-months term, with a first priority security interest in all of Acenzia s production equipment, with principal and interest due 4-month from loan issuance. The note was repaid on October 23, 2023. 
 - 

Total government loans and notes payable 

Less current portion 

Long-term portion 

(A) 
 
 loan at August 31, 2023), which is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on or before . If the loan amount
 is paid on or before January 18, 2024, of the loan will be forgiven Early Payment Credit ). In the event that the
 Company does not repay of such term debt on or before January 18, 2024, the Early Payment Credit will not apply and the lender
 will automatically extend the term of the loan until December 31, 2026 and will accrue on the outstanding amount of the CEBA Loan
 at a fixed rate of per year, calculated daily and compounded monthly. In addition, with acquisition of Terragenx, the Company
 acquired a CEBA loan in the amount of CAD net of CAD repayment at August 31, 2024) under the same terms. 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total 

(the 16.66m+ convertible notes with each note having a face amount of . The 16.66m+ convertible notes accrue interest at per annum and are due on . The 16.66m+ convertible notes are secured by all assets of the Company. The 16.66m+ convertible notes are convertible at
the option of the note holders to convert into shares of the Company s common stock at per share. 

In
connection with the 16.66m+ convertible notes, the Company issued the note holders warrants to purchase a total of shares of
the Company s common stock at a price of per share. The warrants expire on . The Company first determined
the value of the 16.66m+ convertible notes and the fair value of the detachable warrants issued in connection with this transaction.
The estimated value of the warrants of was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Expected
 life of years; 

Volatility
 of ; 

Dividend
 yield of ; and 

Risk
 free interest rate of 

The
face amount of the 16.66m+ convertible notes of 
was proportionately allocated to the 16.66m+ convertible notes and the warrants in the amount of 
and ,
respectively. The amount allocated to the warrants of 
was recorded as a discount to the convertible note and as additional paid in capital. The 16.66m+ convertible notes contained an
original issue discount totaling and
the Company also incurred 
in loan fees in connection with the 16.66m+ convertible notes. The combined total discount is 
and will be amortized over the life of the 16.66m+ convertible notes. The m+ convertible notes were paid in full on March 24, 2023. 

Terragenx 

On
November 17, 2021, Terragenx, a owned subsidiary of the Company, issued two convertible notes payable for a total of (the
 1.875m convertible notes with each note having a face amount of . The 1.875m convertible notes accrue interest
at per annum and were due on and extended to November 29, 2022. The 1.875m convertible notes are secured by all assets
of the Company. The 1.875m convertible notes are convertible at the option of the note holders to convert into shares of the Company s
common stock at per share. 

In
connection with the 1.875m convertible notes, the Company issued the note holders warrants to purchase a total of shares of the
Company s common stock at a price of per share. The warrants expire on . The Company first determined the
value of the 1.875m convertible notes and the fair value of the detachable warrants issued in connection with this transaction. The
estimated value of the warrants of and was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Expected
 life of years; 

Volatility
 of ; 

Dividend
 yield of ; and 

Risk
 free interest rate of 

The
face amount of the 1.875m convertible notes of was proportionately allocated to the 1.875m convertible notes and the warrants
in the amount of and , respectively. The amount allocated to the warrants of was recorded as a discount to
the 1.875m convertible notes and as additional paid in capital. The 1.875m convertible notes contained an original issue discount totaling
 and the Company also incurred in loan fees in connection with these 1.875m convertible notes. The combined total discount
was and amortized over the life of the 1.875m convertible notes. During the year ended August 31, 2022, the Company amortized
 of the debt discount and as August 31, 2022, the unamortized debt discount was . 

On
June 1, 2022, the Company paid the balance owed on one of two Terragenx million convertible notes for an aggregate payment of
 , including all principal and interest owed. On June 1, 2022, the Company made an interest payment to one of two Terragenx 
million convertible notes for a payment of and the note holder agreed to extend the maturity date to with
a principal amount face value of and interest rate that shall accrue at a rate equal to one percent per annum. 

On
June 1, 2022, the Company and one of the two Terragenx million convertible note holders (the Jefferson Note entered
into that certain letter agreement pursuant to which the maturity date of the Jefferson Note was extended to . On December
13, 2022, the Company, Terragenx and Jefferson entered into that certain letter agreement pursuant to which, among other things, Jefferson
agreed to forbear from entering an Event of Default under the terms of the Jefferson Note and the related transaction documents until
December 29, 2022. The Jefferson Note was not paid on December 29, 2022. Accordingly, on December 29, 2022, among other things, the Liquidated
Damages Charge, in the aggregate amount of was an addition to the Principal Amount due under the Jefferson Note. 

Effective
February 16, 2023, aside from the Liquidated Damages Charge, the Jefferson Note was paid in full. On August 21, 2023, Jefferson converted
the additional Liquidated Damages Charge and the interest thereon. On August 21, 2023, as a result of the conversion, the Company issued
 shares of common stock to Jefferson. As of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, the aggregate principal amount owed under two
Terragenx 1.875 million convertible notes was nil . 

Novo
Integrated Mast Hill Fund, L.P. 573,000 Note, SPA, and Warrant 

On
February 23, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Mast Hill SPA with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. Mast Hill ), pursuant to which the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the Mast Hill Note with
a maturity date of (the Mast Hill Maturity Date ), in the principal sum of (the Mast Hill
Principal Sum ). In addition, the Company issued a common stock purchase warrant for the purchase of up to shares of the
Company s common stock (the Mast Hill Warrant to Mast Hill pursuant to the Mast Hill SPA. Pursuant to the terms
of the Mast Hill Note, the Company agreed to pay the Mast Hill Principal Sum to Mast Hill and to pay interest on the principal balance
at the rate of per annum. The Mast Hill Note carries an OID of . Accordingly, on the closing date, Mast Hill paid the purchase
price of in exchange for the Mast Hill Note and the Mast Hill Warrant. Mast Hill may convert the Mast Hill Note into shares
of the Company s common stock at any time at a conversion price equal to per share, subject to adjustment as provided in
the Mast Hill Note (including but not limited to certain price protection provisions in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to
certain customary exempt transactions) as well as certain beneficial ownership limitations. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Mast Hill Note, the Company agreed to pay accrued interest monthly as well as the Mast Hill Principal Sum as follows:
(i) on August 23, 2023, (ii) on September 23, 2023, (iii) on October 23, 2023, (iv) on November 23, 2023,
(v) on December 23, 2023, (vi) on January 23, 2023, and (vii) all remaining amounts owed under the Mast Hill Note on
the Mast Hill Maturity Date (each of the aforementioned payments are an Amortization Payment ). If the Company fails to
make any Amortization Payment, then Mast Hill shall have the right to convert the amount of such respective Amortization Payment into
shares of common stock as provided in the Mast Hill Note at the lesser of (i) the then applicable conversion price under the Mast Hill
Note, or (ii) of the lowest VWAP of the Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading days prior to the
respective conversion date. 

The
Company may prepay the Mast Hill Note at any time prior to the date that an Event of Default (as defined in the Mast Hill Note) occurs
at an amount equal to the Mast Hill Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest (no prepayment premium) plus 
for administrative fees. The Mast Hill Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults, breach
of representations and warranties, and breach of provisions of the Mast Hill Note, Mast Hill Warrant, or Mast Hill SPA. 

Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Mast Hill Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Mast
Hill, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Mast Hill Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued
interest multiplied by . Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from the date of the Event of
Default at the rate equal to the lower of per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

The
Mast Hill Warrant is exercisable for five years from February 23, 2023, at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment
as provided in the Mast Hill Warrant. The Mast Hill Warrant also contains certain cashless exercise provisions as well as price protection
provisions providing for adjustment of the number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of the Mast Hill
Warrant and the exercise price in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions. The estimated
value of the warrants of was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Expected
 life of years; 

Volatility
 of ; 

Dividend
 yield of ; and 

Risk
 free interest rate of 

As
additional consideration for the purchase of the Mast Hill Note and pursuant to the terms of the Mast Hill SPA, on February 24, 2023,
the Company issued restricted shares of common stock (the Commitment Shares to Mast Hill at closing. The Mast Hill
SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and subject to certain
exceptions, piggy-back registration rights with respect to the Commitment Shares as well as the shares of common stock underlying the
Mast Hill Note and the Mast Hill Warrant. In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the Mast Hill Note and the
Mast Hill Warrant, the sum of the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the Mast Hill SPA (including the Commitment
Shares), the Mast Hill Note, and the Mast Hill Warrant shall be limited to of the issued and outstanding common stock on the closing
date (equal to shares) as further described in the Mast Hill SPA, unless shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is
obtained by the Company. 

The
principal amount of the convertible notes was proportionately allocated to the convertible note, common stock issued, and the
warrants in the amount of , , and , respectively. The amounts allocated to the equity issuances were recorded as
a discount to the convertible note and as additional paid in capital. The convertible note contained an original issue discount totaling
 and the Company also incurred in loan fees in connection with the convertible note. The combined total discount is 
and will be amortized over the life of the convertible note. During the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company amortized nil (2023:) of the debt discount and as August 31, 2024 and 2023, the unamortized debt discount was nil . 

During
the year ended August 31, 2023, the principal amount of , interest of and other fees of were converted into 
 common stock of the Company. As of August 31, 2024 and 2023, the aggregate principal amount owed under the Mast Hill Note is nil . 

On
August 24, 2023, the total principal and interest of owed on the Mast Hill Note was converted to shares of
the Company s common stock at per share. As of August 31, 2024, the MH Note is paid in full. 

On
September 18, 2023, Mast Hill fully exercised all warrants issued pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Mast Hill Warrant
Agreement, dated February 23, 2023. Under certain cashless exercise provisions, as well as price protection provisions providing for
adjustment of the number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of the Mast Hill Warrant, the Company issued
 shares of the Company s common stock. As of August 31, 2024, all warrants granted under the Mast Hill Warrant Agreement
have been exercised. 

Novo
Integrated FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC 573,000 Note, SPA, and Warrant 

On
March 21, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the SPA with FirstFire Global Opportunities
Fund, LLC FirstFire pursuant to which the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the 2023 FirstFire
Note with a maturity date of , in the principal sum of (the Principal Sum ). In addition,
the Company issued a common stock purchase warrant for the purchase of up to shares of the Company s common stock (the
 2023 FirstFire Warrant to FirstFire pursuant to the SPA. Pursuant to the terms of the 2023 FirstFire Note, the Company
agreed to pay the Principal Sum to FirstFire and to pay interest on the principal balance at the rate of per annum. The 2023 FirstFire
Note carries an OID of . Accordingly, on the closing date, FirstFire paid the purchase price of in exchange for the 2023
FirstFire Note and the 2023 FirstFire Warrant. FirstFire may convert the 2023 FirstFire Note into the Company s common stock at
any time at a conversion price equal to per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the 2023 FirstFire Note (including but
not limited to certain price protection provisions in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions)
as well as certain beneficial ownership limitations. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the 2023 FirstFire Note, the Company agreed to pay accrued interest monthly as well as the Principal Sum as follows:
(i) on September 21, 2023, (ii) on October 21, 2023, (iii) on November 21, 2023, (iv) on December 21,
2023, (v) on January 21, 2024, (vi) on February 21, 2024, and (vii) all remaining amounts owed under the 2023 FirstFire
Note on the maturity date (each of the aforementioned payments are an Amortization Payment ). If the Company fails to make
any Amortization Payment, then FirstFire shall have the right to convert the amount of such respective Amortization Payment into shares
of common stock as provided in the 2023 FirstFire Note at the lesser of (i) the then applicable conversion price under the 2023 FirstFire
Note or (ii) of the lowest VWAP of the Company s common stock on any trading day during the five trading days prior to the
respective conversion date. 

The
Company may prepay the 2023 FirstFire Note at any time prior to the date that an event of default (as provided in the 2023 FirstFire
Note) occurs at an amount equal to the Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid interest (no prepayment premium) plus 
for administrative fees. The 2023 FirstFire Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults,
breach of representations and warranties, and breach of provisions of the 2023 FirstFire Note, the 2023 FirstFire Warrant, or SPA. 

Upon
the occurrence of any event of default, the 2023 FirstFire Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to
FirstFire, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued interest
multiplied by (the Default Amount ). Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from
the date of the Event of Default at the rate equal to the lower of per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

The
2023 FirstFire Warrant is exercisable for five years from March 21, 2023, at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment
as provided in the 2023 FirstFire Warrant. The 2023 FirstFire Warrant also contains certain cashless exercise provisions as well as price
protection provisions providing for adjustment of the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the 2023 FirstFire Warrants
and the exercise price in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions. The estimated value of
the warrants of was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Expected
 life of years; 

Volatility
 of ; 

Dividend
 yield of ; and 

Risk
 free interest rate of 

As
additional consideration for the purchase of the 2023 FirstFire Note and pursuant to the terms of the SPA, on March 22, 2023, the Company
issued restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Commitment Shares to FirstFire at closing. The
SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and subject to certain
exceptions, piggy-back registration rights with respect to the Commitment Shares as well as the shares of common stock underlying the
2023 FirstFire Note and the 2023 FirstFire Warrant. In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the 2023 FirstFire
Note and the 2023 FirstFire Warrant, the sum of the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the SPA (including the
Commitment Shares), the 2023 FirstFire Note, and 2023 FirstFire Warrant shall be limited to shares as further described in
the SPA, unless shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is obtained by the Company. 

The
principal amount of the convertible notes was proportionately allocated to the convertible note, common stock issued, and the
warrants in the amount of , , and , respectively. The amounts allocated to the equity issuances were recorded as
a discount to the convertible note and as additional paid in capital. The convertible note contained an original issue discount totaling
 and the Company also incurred in loan fees in connection with the convertible note. 

The
effective conversion price was determined to be based on the allocation of the principal amount and the number of shares to be
received upon conversion. As the stock price at the issuance date of was greater than the effective conversion price, it was determined
that there was a beneficial conversion feature BCF ). The Company recognized the beneficial conversion feature of ,
equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion option, as a discount to the convertible note and as additional paid in capital. 

The
combined total discount is and will be amortized over the life of the convertible note. During the year ended August 31, 2023,
the Company amortized of the debt discount and as August 31, 2023, the unamortized debt discount was . 

Novo
Integrated Mast Hill Fund, L.P. 445,000 Note, SPA, and Warrant 

On
June 20, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the MH 445,000 SPA with Mast Hill, pursuant
to which the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the MH 445,000 Note with a maturity date of 
(the MH 445,000 Maturity Date ), in the principal sum of (the MH 445,000 Principal Sum ). In addition,
the Company issued a common stock purchase warrant for the purchase of up to shares of the Company s common stock (the MH
 445,000 Warrant to Mast Hill pursuant to the MH 445,000 SPA. Pursuant to the terms of the MH 445,000 Note, the Company agreed
to pay the MH 445,000 Principal Sum to Mast Hill and to pay interest on the principal balance at the rate of per annum. The MH 445,000
Note carries an OID of . Accordingly, on the Closing Date (as defined in the MH 445,000 SPA), Mast Hill paid the purchase price
of in exchange for the MH 445,000 Note and MH 445,000 Warrant. Mast Hill may convert the MH 445,000 Note into the Company s
common stock at any time at a conversion price equal to per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the MH 445,000 Note (including
but not limited to certain price protection provisions in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions),
as well as certain beneficial ownership limitations. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the MH 445,000 Note, the Company agreed to pay accrued interest monthly as well as the MH 445,000 Principal Sum as
follows: (i) on December 20, 2023, (ii) on January 20, 2024, (iii) on February 20, 2024, (iv) on March
20, 2024, (v) on April 20, 2024, (vi) on May 20, 2024, and (vii) all remaining amounts owed under the MH 445,000 Note
on the MH 445,000 Maturity Date (each of the aforementioned payments are an MH 445,000 Amortization Payment ). If the
Company fails to make any MH 445,000 Amortization Payment, then Mast Hill shall have the right to convert the amount of such respective
MH 445,000 Amortization Payment into shares of common stock as provided in the MH 445,000 Note at the lesser of (i) the then applicable
conversion price under the MH 445,000 Note or (ii) of the lowest VWAP of the common stock on any trading day during the five trading
days prior to the respective conversion date. 

The
Company may prepay the MH 445,000 Note at any time prior to the date that an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) (each an MH
 445,000 Event of Default occurs at an amount equal to the MH 445,000 Principal Sum then outstanding plus accrued and unpaid
interest (no prepayment premium) plus for administrative fees. The MH 445,000 Note contains customary events of default relating
to, among other things, payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, and breach of provisions of the MH 445,000 Note,
the MH 445,000 Warrant, or the MH 445,000 SPA. 

Upon
the occurrence of any MH 445,000 Event of Default, the MH 445,000 Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall
pay to Mast Hill, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the MH 445,000 Principal Sum then outstanding
plus accrued interest multiplied by . Upon the occurrence of an MH 445,000 Event of Default, additional interest will accrue from
the date of the MH 445,000 Event of Default at the rate equal to the lower of 16 per annum or the highest rate permitted by law. 

The
MH 445,000 Warrant is exercisable for five years from June 20, 2023, at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment
as provided in the MH 445,000 Warrant. The MH 445,000 Warrant also contains certain cashless exercise provisions, as well as price
protection provisions providing for adjustment of the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the MH 445,000 Warrant
and the exercise price in case of future dilutive offerings, subject to certain customary exempt transactions. The estimated value of
the warrants of was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Expected
 life of years; 

Volatility
 of ; 

Dividend
 yield of ; and 

Risk
 free interest rate of 

As
additional consideration for the purchase of the MH 445,000 Note and pursuant to the terms of the MH 445,000 SPA, the Company issued
 restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the MH 445,000 Commitment Shares to Mast Hill at closing.
The MH 445,000 SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and subject
to certain exceptions, piggy-back registration rights with respect to the MH 445,000 Commitment Shares as well as the shares of common
stock underlying the MH 445,000 Note and MH 445,000 Warrant. In addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the MH
 445,000 Note and MH 445,000 Warrant, the sum of the number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the MH 445,000 SPA (including
the MH 445,000 Commitment Shares), MH 445,000 Note, and MH 445,000 Warrant shall be limited to as further described in the
MH 445,000 SPA, unless shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is obtained by the Company. 

The
principal amount of the 445,000 convertible notes was proportionately allocated to the convertible note, common stock issued, and the
warrants in the amount of , , and , respectively. The amounts allocated to the equity issuances were recorded as
a discount to the convertible note and as additional paid in capital. The convertible note contained an original issue discount totaling
 and the Company also incurred in loan fees in connection with the convertible note. 

The
effective conversion price was determined to be based on the allocation of the principal amount and the number of shares to be
received upon conversion. As the stock price at the issuance date of was greater than the effective conversion price, it was determined
that there was a beneficial conversion feature BCF ). The Company recognized the beneficial conversion feature of ,
equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion option, as a discount to the convertible note and as additional paid in capital. 

The
combined total discount is and will be amortized over the life of the convertible note. During the year ended August 31, 2023,
the Company amortized of the debt discount and as at August 31, 2023, the unamortized debt discount was . 

Specific
to the MH 445,000 Note, on July 20, 2023, the Company made a monthly interest payment of . On August 21, 2023, the Company made
a monthly interest payment of . On September 21, 2023, the Company made a monthly interest payment of . On October 20, 2023,
the Company made a monthly interest payment of . 

On
October 23, 2023, Mast Hill fully exercised all warrants issued pursuant to the terms and conditions of the MH 445,000 Mast Hill Warrant
Agreement, dated June 20, 2023. Under certain cashless exercise provisions, as well as price protection provisions providing for adjustment
of the number of shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of the Mast Hill Warrant, the Company issued 
restricted shares of the Company s common stock. 

On
December 21, 2023, the total principal and interest of owed on the MH 445,00 Note was converted to shares of the Company s
common stock at per share. As of August 31, 2024, the MH 445,000 Note is paid in full and all outstanding warrants have been
exercised. 

Novo
Integrated - Streeterville Capital, LLC April 2024 Note and SPA 

On
April 5, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Streeterville SPA with Streeterville Capital,
LLC Streeterville ), pursuant to which the Company issued a secured convertible promissory note (the Streeterville
Note with a maturity date of , in the principal sum of (the Streeterville Principal Sum ).
Pursuant to the terms of the Streeterville Note, the Company agreed to pay the Streeterville Principal Sum to Streeterville and to pay
interest on the principal balance at the rate of per annum. The Streeterville Note carries an OID of . In addition, 
was withheld from the Streeterville Principal Sum to cover Streeterville s transaction costs. Accordingly, on April 8, 2024, Streeterville
paid the purchase price of in exchange for the Streeterville Note. Upon receipt of the Streeterville Purchase Price, the Company
repaid in full the remaining outstanding balances under that certain promissory note in the original principal amount of issued
on September 12, 2023, as well as that certain promissory note in the original principal amount of issued on September 18,
2023. 

Streeterville
may convert the Streeterville Note into the Company s common stock on any trading day (and the following trading day) that any
intraday trade price of the common stock is 10 greater than the closing trade price on the previous trading day (each a Voluntary
Conversion ). With respect to any Voluntary Conversion, the conversion price is equal to of the lowest daily volume weighted
average price of the common stock on any trading day during the five-trading day period prior to the respective conversion date (the
 Conversion Price ), subject to adjustment as provided in the Streeterville Note as well as beneficial ownership limitations. 

Beginning
on October 8, 2024, Streeterville shall have the right to redeem up to of the Streeterville Note per calendar month. The Company
is required to pay such redemption amounts in cash, provided, however, that if certain equity conditions are satisfied, then the Company
may pay all or any portion of such applicable redemption amount by issuing shares of common stock at the applicable Conversion Price
at such time. 

. The Streeterville Note contains customary events
of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, and breach of covenants in the
Streeterville Note or Streeterville SPA. 

Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Streeterville Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to
Streeterville, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the Outstanding Balance plus the Trigger Effect
(as defined herein). 

In
addition to the beneficial ownership limitations provided in the Streeterville Note, the sum of the number of shares of common stock
that may be issued under the Streeterville SPA and Streeterville Note shall be limited to of the outstanding common stock of the
Company on April 5, 2024, unless shareholder approval to exceed such limitation is obtained by the Company. The Company is required,
under the terms of the Streeterville Note, to seek shareholder approval with respect to the transaction within 6 months of April 5, 2024.
If the Company is unable to obtain such shareholder approval within 9 months of April 5, 2024, then the Company must repay the Streeterville
Note in cash. 

The
Streeterville SPA contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and subject
to certain exceptions, registration rights with respect to the common stock underlying the Streeterville Note. The Streeterville SPA
also requires the Company to file a registration statement covering Streeterville s resale of the common stock underlying the Streeterville
Note within 75 days of the closing date. 

In
connection with the Streeterville Note and Streeterville SPA, the Company and Streeterville also entered into a security agreement (the
 Streeterville Security Agreement ). Pursuant to the Streeterville Security Agreement, the Company granted Streeterville
a security interest in all of the assets of the Company. 

Acenzia,
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a guaranty with Streeterville on April 5, 2024 (the Acenzia Guaranty ).
Acenzia guaranteed the repayment of the Streeterville Note and granted Streeterville a security interest in the assets of Acenzia, including
but not limited to the property located at 1580 Rossi Drive, Tecumseh, Ontario, Canada. Further, NHL, a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company, entered into a guaranty with Streeterville on April 5, 2024 (the NHL Guaranty ). NHL guaranteed the repayment of
the Streeterville Note and granted a security interest in the assets of NHL. 

The
Company determined that the conversion features of these notes represented embedded derivatives since the notes are convertible into
a variable number of shares upon conversion. On April 5, 2024, the Company recorded a derivative liability of . The fair value
of the derivative liability was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Expected
 life of year; 

Volatility
 of ; 

Dividend
 yield of ; and 

Risk
 free interest rate of 

The
derivative was recorded as a discount on the convertible notes, but only for an amount not in excess of and thus capped by the otherwise
undiscounted amount of the convertible note. 

As
of August 31, 2024, the fair value of the derivative liability was and for the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company recorded
a gain of from the change in fair value of derivative liability as non-operating income in the condensed consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss. The fair value of the derivative liability was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model
with the following assumptions: 

Expected
 life of years; 

Volatility
 of ; 

Dividend
 yield of ; and 

Risk
 free interest rate of 

The
Streeterville Note contained a discount on note of . The total discount will be amortized over the life of the Streeterville
Note. 

During
the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company amortized of the debt discount and as August 31, 2024, the unamortized debt discount
was . 

(approximately on September 30, 2013) in connection
with the acquisition of certain business assets. The holders of the debentures are current stockholders, officers and/or affiliates of
the Company. The debentures are secured by all the assets of the Company, accrue interest at per annum and were originally due on
 . On December 2, 2017, the debenture holders agreed to extend the due date to . On September 27,
2019, the debenture holders agreed to extend the due date to September 30, 2021. On November 2, 2021, the debenture holders agreed to
extend the due date to . 

On
January 31, 2018, the debenture holders converted of the debenture value of plus accrued interest of into 
shares of the Company s common stock. The per share price used for the conversion of each debenture was which was determined
as 

On
July 21, 2020, the Company made a partial repayment of a debenture due to a related party of . 

At
August 31, 2024 and 2023, the amount of debentures outstanding was and , respectively. 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities 

Operating lease liability 
 Current operating lease liability 

Noncurrent liabilities 

Operating lease liability 
 Long-term operating lease liability 

Total lease liability 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total payments 

Amount representing interest 

Lease obligation, net 

Less lease obligation, current portion 

Lease obligation, long-term portion 

During
the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company entered into new lease obligations of . 

The
lease expense for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. The cash paid under operating leases
during the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

At
August 31, 2024, the weighted average remaining lease terms were years and the weighted average discount rate was . 

Finance
leases 

The
Company leases certain equipment under lease contracts that are accounted for as finance leases. If the contracts meet the criteria for
a finance lease, the related equipment underlying the lease contract is capitalized and amortized over its estimated useful life. If
the cost of the equipment is not available, the Company calculates the cost by taking the present value of the lease payments using an
implicit borrowing rate of per annum. 

Accumulated amortization 

Net book value 
 - 

Total payments 

Amount representing interest 

Lease obligation, net 

Less lease obligation, current portion 

Lease obligation, long-term portion 
 - 

shares of par value convertible preferred stock. As of August 31, 2024 and 2023 there were 
and convertible preferred shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company has authorized shares of par value common stock. 

On
November 7, 2023, the Company effected a of our common stock. As a result of the reverse stock split, every
10 shares of issued and outstanding common stock were exchanged for one share of common stock, with any fractional shares being rounded
up to the next higher whole share. Unless otherwise noted, the share and per share information in this report have been retroactively
adjusted to give effect to the . 

As
of August 31, 2024 and 2023 there were and common shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

During
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, the Company issued common stock, as follows: 

shares of common stock were issued to various warrant holders upon exercise of their -year warrants. The warrants were issued on
 October 18, 2022, under the prospectus contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401) declared effective
 by the SEC on October 13, 2022. The net proceeds were . The shares were issued on various dates in September 2023. 

shares of common stock were issued to various warrant holders upon exercise of their -year warrants. The warrants were issued on
 October 18, 2022, under the prospectus contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401) declared effective
 by the SEC on October 13, 2022. The net proceeds were . The shares were issued on various dates during the period of September
 2023 through November 2023. 

restricted shares of common stock were issued as consideration pursuant to a consulting agreement. The fair value was determined
 based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares were issued to Mast Hill upon the cashless exercise of all warrants. The warrants were issued on February 23, 2023
 under the terms and conditions of the warrant agreement between the Company and Mast Hill in connection with the promissory
 note issued, by the Company to Mast Hill, on February 23, 2023. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares of common stock were issued as consideration pursuant to a consulting agreement. The fair value was determined
 based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares of common stock were issued to FirstFire upon conversion of outstanding debt pursuant to the terms of the securities
 purchase agreement between FirstFire and the Company. The debt amount converted consisted of the principal amount of and
 interest of , for a total amount of . The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares of common stock were issued as consideration pursuant to a consulting agreement. The fair value was determined
 based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares of common stock were issued in exchange for certain non-voting special shares of NHL, previously issued in connection
 with NHL s Share Exchange Agreement with the Terragenx shareholders, the Company s Asset Purchase Agreement with Mr.
 Terrence Mullins, and an employment agreement with Mr. Terrence Mullins, each of which closed on November 17, 2021. The fair value
 was determined based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of closing. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares of common stock were issued to FirstFire upon the cashless exercise of all warrants. The warrants were issued on
 March 21, 2023 under the terms and conditions of the warrant agreement between the Company and Mast Hill in connection with the 
 promissory note issued by the Company to FirstFire, on March 21, 2023. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares of common stock were issued as consideration pursuant to a consulting agreement. The fair value was determined
 based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares of common stock were issued to Mast Hill upon the cashless exercise of all warrants. The warrants were granted
 on June 20, 2023 under the terms and conditions of the warrant agreement between the Company and Mast Hill in connection with the
 promissory note issued, by the Company to Mast Hill, on June 20, 2023. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares of common stock were issued as consideration pursuant to a consulting agreement. The fair value was determined
 based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares of common stock were issued pursuant to the terms and conditions of an executive agreement, dated November 15,
 2022, between NHL and an officer of NHL. The fair value was determined based on the market price of the Company s common stock
 on the date of issuance. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares of common stock were issued pursuant to the terms and conditions of an executive agreement, dated November 15,
 2022, between NHL and an officer of NHL. The fair value was determined based on the market price of the Company s common stock
 on the date of issuance. The shares were issued on . 

shares of common stock were issued in lieu of fractional shares resulting from the Company s of
 its common stock, effective November 7, 2023. As a result of the reverse stock split, every 10 shares of issued and outstanding common
 stock were exchanged for one share of common stock, with any fractional shares being rounded up to the next higher whole share. 

restricted shares of common stock were issued to Mast Hill upon conversion of outstanding debt pursuant to the terms of the securities
 purchase agreement between Mast Hill and the Company. The debt amount converted consisted of the principal amount of and
 interest of , for a total amount of . The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares of common stock were issued to Mast Hill upon conversion of outstanding debt pursuant to the terms of the securities
 purchase agreement, dated September 12, 2023, between Mast Hill and the Company. The debt amount converted consisted of the principal
 amount of and interest of , for a total amount of . The shares were issued . 

restricted shares of common stock were issued to FirstFire upon conversion of outstanding debt pursuant to the terms of the securities
 purchase agreement, dated September 18, 2023, between FirstFire and the Company. The debt amount converted consisted of the principal
 amount of and interest of , for a total amount of . The shares were issued . 

During
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, the Company issued common stock, as follows: 

shares of common stock were issued as offered by the prospectus contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401)
 declared effective by the SEC on October 13, 2022, for an agreed upon purchase price of per unit. The shares were issued on October
 18, 2022. units for aggregate gross proceeds of , consisting of common
 stock, warrants with a three -year term to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share, and
 warrants with a five -year term to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share . The Company
 paid a cash fee of equal to of the gross proceeds of the offering as well as reimbursed the agent for its accountable
 expenses, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of . 
 
 The
 total fair value of the warrants granted was estimated on the date of the grant to be . The fair value was determined
 using the Black-Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of to ; expected dividend
 yield of ; risk-free interest rate of to ; stock price of ; and expected life of to years. 

restricted shares of common stock were issued for NHL Exchangeable Shares under the terms and conditions of a Share Exchange Agreement
 which closed on June 24, 2021. The fair value was determined based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the
 date of closing. The shares were issued on . 

shares of common stock were issued as provided for in an exchange offer and amendment (the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment with Hudson Bay, dated November 14, 2022. Pursuant to the terms of the Hudson Bay Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company exchanged
 one share of the Company s common stock for each share of common stock underlying the warrant to purchase common stock, dated
 as of December 14, 2021, issued by the Company to Hudson Bay. The shares were issued on . 

shares of common stock were issued as provided for in an exchange offer and amendment (the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment with CVI. Pursuant to the terms of the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company exchanged one share of the Company s common
 stock for each share of common stock underlying the warrant to purchase common stock, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the
 Company to CVI. The shares were issued on . 

shares of common stock were issued to a debt holder upon conversion of outstanding debt in the aggregate amount of in
 principal and interest. The shares were issued on various dates during the fiscal quarter ended . 

shares of common stock were issued to a debt holder upon conversion of outstanding debt in the aggregate amount of in
 principal and interest. The shares were issued on various dates during the fiscal quarter ended . 

shares of common stock were issued to a debt holder upon conversion of outstanding debt in the aggregate amount of in principal
 and interest. The shares were issued on various dates during the fiscal quarter ended . 

shares of common stock were issued on January 5, 2023 to various warrant holders upon exercise of their -year warrants. The warrants
 were granted on October 18, 2022, under the prospectus contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401)
 declared effective by the SEC on October 13, 2022. The net proceeds were . 

shares of common stock were issued on January 5, 2023 as provided for in the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment. Pursuant to the terms
 of the CVI Exchange Offer and Amendment, the Company exchanged one share of the Company s common stock for each share of common
 stock underlying the warrant to purchase common stock, dated as of December 14, 2021, issued by the Company to CVI. 

shares of common stock were issued on January 12, 2023 to various warrant holders upon exercise of their -year warrants. The warrants
 were granted on October 18, 2022, under the prospectus contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401)
 declared effective by the SEC on October 13, 2022. The net proceeds were . 

shares of common stock were issued on January 12, 2023 to various warrant holders upon exercise their -year warrants. The warrants
 were granted on October 18, 2022, under the prospectus contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401)
 declared effective by the SEC on October 13, 2022. The net proceeds were . 

restricted shares of common stock were issued for NHL Exchangeable Shares as provided for in the Share Exchange Agreement, which
 closed on June 24, 2021, in which the Company acquired Acenzia. The fair value was determined based on the market price of the Company s
 common stock on the date of closing. The shares were issued on . 

restricted shares of the Company s common stock were issued as provided for in the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February
 23, 2023, with Mast Hill. The shares were issued on . 

shares of common stock were issued to a debt holder upon conversion of outstanding debt in the aggregate amount of in principal
 and interest. shares were issued on March 6, 2023 and shares were issued on March 8, 2023. 

shares of common stock were issued on March 17, 2023 to various warrant holders upon exercise of their -year warrants. The warrants
 were granted on October 18, 2022, under the prospectus contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401)
 declared effective by the SEC on October 13, 2022. The net proceeds were . 

shares of common stock were issued on March 17, 2023 to various warrant holders upon exercise of their -year warrants. The warrants
 were granted on October 18, 2022, under the prospectus contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401)
 declared effective by the SEC on October 13, 2022. The net proceeds were . 

restricted shares of the Company s common stock were issued as provided for in the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March
 21, 2023, with FirstFire. The shares were issued on . 

shares of common stock were issued on May 10, 2023 to various warrant holders upon exercise of their -year warrants. The warrants
 were granted on October 18, 2022, under the prospectus contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401)
 declared effective by the SEC on October 13, 2022. The net proceeds were . 

shares of common stock were issued on May 11, 2023 to various warrant holders upon exercise of their -year warrants. The warrants
 were granted on October 18, 2022, under the prospectus contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401)
 declared effective by the SEC on October 13, 2022. The net proceeds were . 

restricted shares of common stock as consideration for a Consulting Agreement. The fair value was determined based on the market
 price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance. The shares were issued on June 1, 2023. 

restricted shares of the Company s common stock were issued as provided for in the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June
 20, 2023, with Mast Hill. The shares were issued on June 20, 2023. 

shares of common stock pursuant to the Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan registered on a Form S-8 filed by
 the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 19, 2021 (Commission File No. 333-253289 (the 2021 Plan ).
 The shares were issued as provided for under the terms and conditions of a separation and release agreement. The fair value was determined
 based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance. The shares were issued on June 28, 2023. 

restricted shares of the Company s common stock were issued as provided for under the terms and conditions of a separation
 and release agreement. The fair value was determined based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of
 issuance. The shares were issued on June 28, 2023. 

restricted shares of common stock as consideration for a Consulting Agreement. The fair value was determined based on the market
 price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance. The shares were issued on July 3, 2023. 

restricted shares of common stock as consideration for a Consulting Agreement. The fair value was determined based on the market
 price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance. The shares were issued on August 1, 2023. 

shares of common stock were issued on August 17, 2023 to a warrant holder upon exercise of their -year warrants. The warrants were
 granted on October 18, 2022, under the prospectus contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401) declared
 effective by the SEC on October 13, 2022. The net proceeds were . 

shares of common stock were issued on August 17, 2023 to a warrant holder upon exercise of their -year warrants. The warrants were
 granted on October 18, 2022, under the prospectus contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401) declared
 effective by the SEC on October 13, 2022. The net proceeds were . 

shares of common stock were issued on August 18, 2023 to a warrant holder upon exercise of their -year warrants. The warrants were
 granted on October 18, 2022, under the prospectus contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401) declared
 effective by the SEC on October 13, 2022. The net proceeds were . 

shares of common stock were issued on August 18, 2023 to a warrant holder upon exercise of their -year warrants. The warrants were
 granted on October 18, 2022, under the prospectus contained in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401) declared
 effective by the SEC on October 13, 2022. The net proceeds were . 

restricted shares of common stock were issued on August 21, 2023 to Jefferson upon conversion of the remaining balance as provided
 for in the Jefferson Note, dated November 17, 2021 and the certain letter agreement, dated December 13, 2022, pursuant to which,
 among other things, Jefferson agreed to forbear from entering an Event of Default under the terms of the Jefferson Note and the related
 transaction documents until December 29, 2022. The Jefferson Note was not paid on December 29, 2022. Accordingly, on December 29,
 2022, among other things, the Liquidated Damages Charge, in the aggregate amount of which consisted solely of the Liquidated
 Damages Charge of and interest thereof in the amount of . 

restricted shares of common stock were issued on August 24, 2023 to a debt holder, as provided for in the Mast Hill Note and the
 Mast Hill Securities and Purchase Agreement, dated February 23, 2023, upon conversion of the full outstanding debt, including principal,
 interest, and fees, in the aggregate amount of . 

Common
Stock to be Issued 

As
of August 31, 2024, in connection with the acquisition of 1285 Canada, the Company has allotted and is obligated to issue shares
of the Company s common stock. As of August 31, 2024, the fair value of the shares to be issued was . 

Stock
Options and Warrants 

On
September 8, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders holding a majority of the Company s outstanding common
stock approved the Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2015 Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2015 Plan ), which authorizes the
issuance of up to shares of common stock to employees, officers, directors or independent consultants of the Company, provided
that no person can be granted shares under the 2015 Plan for services related to raising capital or promotional activities. During fiscal
years 2023 and 2022, the Company did not grant any awards under the 2015 Plan. As of August 31, 2024, the 2015 Plan has shares
available for award; however, the Company does not intend to issue any additional grants under the 2015 Plan. 

On
January 16, 2018, the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders holding a majority of the Company s outstanding common
stock approved the Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2018 Plan ). Under the 2018 Plan,
 shares of common stock are authorized for the grant of stock options and the issuance of restricted stock, stock appreciation
rights, phantom stock and performance awards to officers, directors, employees and eligible consultants to the Company or its subsidiaries.
As of August 31, 2024, the 2018 Plan had shares available for award; however, the Company does not intend to issue any additional
grants under the 2018 Plan. 

On
February 9, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders holding a majority of the Company s outstanding common
stock approved the Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). Under the 2021 Plan, a total
of shares of common stock are authorized for issuance pursuant to the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock, restricted stock units, performance units, performance shares or other cash- or stock-based awards to officers, directors, employees
and eligible consultants to the Company or its subsidiaries. Subject to adjustment as provided in the 2021 Plan, shares available for award; however, the Company does not intend to issue any additional
grants under the 2021 Plan . 

On
July 26, 2023 and September 29, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders, respectively, approved the Novo Integrated
Sciences, Inc. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2023 Plan ). Under the 2023 Plan, a total of shares of common stock
are authorized for issuance pursuant to the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units,
performance units, performance shares or other cash- or stock-based awards to officers, directors, employees and eligible consultants
to the Company or its subsidiaries. As of August 31, 2024, the 2023 Plan had shares available for award. 

Granted 

- 
 
 Expired 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 

Outstanding, August 31, 2023 

Granted 

- 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding, August 31, 2024 

- 
 
 Exercisable, August 31, 2024 

- 

For
options granted during the year ended August 31, 2023 where the exercise price equaled the stock price at the date of the grant, the
weighted-average fair value of such options was , and the weighted-average exercise price of such options was . No options
were granted during the year ended August 31, 2023 where the exercise price was less than or greater than the stock price at the date
of grant. 

For
options granted during the year ended August 31, 2022 where the exercise price equaled the stock price at the date of the grant, the
weighted-average fair value of such options was , and the weighted-average exercise price of such options was . No options
were granted during the year ended August 31, 2022 where the exercise price was less than the stock price at the date of grant. For options
granted during the year ended August 31, 2022 where the exercise price was greater than the stock price at the date of grant, the weighted-average
fair value of such options was , and the weighted-average exercise price of such options was . 

The
fair value of the stock options is being amortized to stock option expense over the vesting period. The Company recorded stock option
expense of and during the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At August 31, 2024, the unamortized stock
option expense was nil . 

Expected life of the options 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 
 - 

Warrants 

- 
 
 Granted 

Forfeited 
 - 

Exercised 

Outstanding, August 31, 2023 

Granted 
 - 

Forfeited 
 - 

Exercised 

Outstanding, August 31, 2024 

- 
 
 Exercisable, August 31, 2024 

- 

- 

Pretax loss 

Expected income tax benefit 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock based compensation 
 - 

Change in valuation allowance 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Year Ended August 31, 2023 

Canada 
 United States 
 Total 

Combined statutory tax rate 

Pretax loss 

Expected income tax benefit 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock based compensation 
 - 

Change in valuation allowance 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Total deferred tax asset 

Less: valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax liability: 

Intangible assets 

Total deferred tax liability 

Net deferred tax liability 

The
valuation allowance for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 increased as a result of the Company generating additional net operating
losses. 

The
Company has recorded as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 a valuation allowance of and , respectively, as it believes
that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized in future years. Management has based its assessment
on the Company s lack of profitable operating history. The intangible assets are not all available as a source of income and thus
are not fully available to offset against the Company s deferred tax assets. 

The
Company conducts an analysis of its tax positions and has concluded that it has no uncertain tax positions as of August 31, 2024 and
2023. 

As
of August 31, 2023, the Company has net operating loss carry-forward of approximately in the United States. The use of the
net operating losses in the United States may be significantly limited due to Internal Revenue Code Section 382. The 2023, 2022, 2021
and 2020 tax years are still subject to audit in the U.S. and reassessment in Canada. 

, and NHL issued to
EK-Tech, non-voting NHL Exchangeable Special Shares, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances, which are issued solely for the purpose
of EK-Tech to exchange, for restricted shares of Company s common stock solely upon EK-Tech meeting terms and conditions
for exchange of the NHL Exchangeable Special Shares as defined in the MiTelemed+ JV. The net profits and net losses of the JV will be
split 50/50 between NHL and EK-Tech. As of August 31, 2023, the terms and conditions for the exchange of the NHL Exchangeable Special
Shares had not been met. 

Mullins
Asset Purchase Agreement 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company entered into that certain Asset Purchase Agreement (the Mullins APA ), dated as of November
17, 2021, by and between the Company and Terence Mullins. Pursuant to the terms of the Mullins APA, Mr. Mullins agreed to sell, and the
Company agreed to purchase, all of Mr. Mullins right, title and interest in and to certain assets (the Mullins IP Assets ),
in exchange for a purchase price of CAD (approximately which is to be paid as follows: 

(a) 
 
 (approximately is to be issued or allotted to Mr. Mullins only after patent-pending status, in the U.S. or internationally,
 is designated for all Mullins IP Assets (the Mullins IP Assets CAD 2m Shares ), as either restricted shares of Company
 common stock or NHL Exchangeable Shares, as determined by Mr. Mullins. Once issued or allotted, the Mullins IP Assets CAD 2m Shares
 will be held in escrow pending registration and approval for all Mullins IP Assets, and 

(b) 
 CAD 
 (approximately is to be issued in the form of restricted shares of Company common stock, free and clear of all liens,
 pledges, encumbrances, charges, or known claims of any kind, nature, or description, upon closing of the Mullins APA 

All
shares issued or allotted under the terms and conditions of the Mullins APA are calculated at a value of per share. The price
of the Company s common stock on the closing date was ; therefore the purchase price for assets acquired (Intellectual property)
by the payment of item (a) above was and item (b) above was . The purchase price for item (a) above has been recorded
as a contingent liability at fair value in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets since the conditions for payment have not been
met as of August 31, 2024. 

The
amounts assigned to assets acquired are provisional. Therefore, this may result in future adjustments to the provisional amounts as information
is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date. 

In
addition, 

Terragenx
Share Exchange Agreement 

On
November 17, 2021, the Company and NHL, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into that certain Share Exchange Agreement
(the Terra SEA ), dated as of November 17, 2021, by and among the Company, NHL, Terragenx Inc. Terra ), TMS
Inc. TMS ), Shawn Mullins, Claude Fournier, and The Coles Optimum Health and Vitality Trust COHV and collectively
with TMS, Mr. Mullins and Mr. Fournier, the Terra Shareholders ). Collectively, the Terra Shareholders owned of the
outstanding shares of Terra (the Terra Purchased Shares ). 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Terra SEA, NHL agreed to purchase from the Terra Shareholders, and the Terra Shareholders agreed to sell to NHL,
the Terra Purchased Shares on the closing date, in exchange for payment by NHL of the purchase price (the Purchase Price of CAD (approximately (the Exchange ). The Purchase Price was to be paid with the issuance, by NHL to
the Terra Shareholders, of certain non-voting NHL special shares exchangeable into restricted shares of the Company s common stock
(the NHL Exchangeable Shares ). The total shares of Company common stock allotted in favor of the Terra Shareholders was
calculated at a per share price of . 

The
Exchange closed on November 17, 2021. shares
of Terra common stock, representing of Terra s outstanding shares, and (ii) a total of NHL Exchangeable Shares were issued
to the Terra Shareholders, which NHL Exchangeable Shares are exchangeable into a total of restricted shares of the Company s
common stock. As a result of the Exchange, NHL has ownership of Terra and full control of the Terra business. 

In
addition, the Company will issue shares of the Company s common stock to Terry Mullins as part of an employment agreement
that is considered part of the purchase price. The price of the Company s common stock on the closing date was ; therefore
the purchase price for accounting purposes was . The Company acquired Terragenx to complement several of the Company s
growth initiatives including (i) to build a health science related IP portfolio, and (ii) through either acquisition, internal development,
or third-party licensing distribute effective, personalized health and wellness product solutions allowing for the customization of patient
preventative care remedies and over-the-counter preventative and maintenance care solutions. This acquisition was considered an acquisition
of a business under ASC 805. 

A
summary of the purchase price allocation for Terra at fair value is below. 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

CEBA loan 

Minority interest 

Purchase price 

Share
Exchange Agreement to Acquire of 12858461 Canada Corp. 

On
March 1, 2022, the Company and NHL completed a Share Exchange Agreement (the 1285 SEA with 12858461 Canada Corp. 1285 ),
a Canada federal corporation in the business of providing clinic-based physiotherapy and related ancillary services and products, and
Prashant A. Jani, a Canadian citizen and sole shareholder of 1285 (the 1285 Shareholder ), to acquire ownership of
1285 for a purchase price of (the 1285 Purchase Price paid with the issuance, by NHL to the 1285 Shareholder,
of certain non-voting NHL Exchangeable Special Shares which can only be utilized for the purpose of exchange into an allotment of 
restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Parent 1285 SEA Shares at the determination of the 1285 Shareholder.
The number of Parent 1285 SEA Shares was calculated by dividing the 1285 Purchase Price by per share. 

This
acquisition was considered an acquisition of a business under ASC 805. 

A
summary of the purchase price allocation for 1285 at fair value is below. 

Accounts receivable 

Property and equipment 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets 

Minority interest 

Purchase price 

Asset
Purchase Agreement with Poling Taddeo Hovius Physiotherapy Professional Corp., operating as Fairway Physiotherapy and Sports Injury Clinic 

On
March 1, 2022, the Company and NHL completed an Asset Purchase Agreement (the PTHPC APA with Poling Taddeo Hovius Physiotherapy
Professional Corp. PTHPC ), operating a clinic-based physiotherapy, rehabilitative, and related ancillary services and
products business known as Fairway Physiotherapy and Sports Injury Clinic FAIR ), and Jason Taddeo, a Canadian citizen
and the sole shareholder of PTHPC (the PTHPC Shareholder ), Under the terms and conditions of the PTHPC APA, PTHPC agreed
to sell, assign and transfer to NHL, free and clear of all encumbrances, other than permitted encumbrances, and NHL agreed to purchase
from PTHPC all of PTHPC s right, title and interest in and to all of its assets related to FAIR and the FAIR Business, with the
exception of certain limited exclusions, and the rights, privileges, claims and properties of any kind whatsoever that are related thereto,
whether owned or leased, real or personal, tangible or intangible, of every kind and description and wheresoever situated. Under the
terms and conditions of the PTHPC APA, the purchase price is (the FAIR Purchase Price paid with the issuance,
by NHL to the PTHPC Shareholder, of certain non-voting NHL Exchangeable Special Shares which can only be utilized for the purpose of
exchange into an allotment of restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Parent PTHPC APA Shares at the determination of the PTHPC Shareholder. The number of Parent PTHPC APA Shares was calculated by dividing the FAIR Purchase Price
by per share. 

This
acquisition was considered an acquisition of a business under ASC 805. 

A
summary of the purchase price allocation for PTHPC at fair value is below. 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Intangible asset 

Purchase price 

Effective
April 1, 2024, Taddeo Physiotherapy Professional Corporation (TPPC) formerly Poling Taddeo Hovius Physiotherapy Professional Corp. have
terminated the relationship with the Company as the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement signed in the year 2022 were not met. 

Membership
Interest Purchase Agreement with Clinical Consultants International LLC 

On
March 17, 2022, the Company entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the CCI Agreement by and among the
Company, CCI, each of the members of CCI (the CCI Members ), and Dr. Joseph Chalil as the representative of the CCI Members. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the CCI Agreement, among other things, the CCI Members will sell and assign to the Company all of their membership interests
of CCI, in exchange for a total of restricted shares of the Company s common stock (the Exchange Shares ( CCI
Acquisition ). The Exchange Shares will be apportioned among the Members pro rata based on their respective membership interest
ownership percentage of CCI. Following the closing of the CCI Acquisition (the Closing ), the Company will own of the
issued and outstanding membership interests of CCI, and the CCI Members or their designees will collectively own restricted shares
of the Company s common stock. The restricted shares were issued on April 7, 2022. 

This
CCI Acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition, as substantially all of the fair value of the assets being acquired under
the arrangement was concentrated in the customer relationships. Accordingly, the purchase price was primarily allocated to
the customer relationships intangible asset, for , and will be amortized over an estimated useful life of 5 years. The remaining
purchase price was allocated to cash and cash equivalents. 

A
summary of the purchase price allocation for CCI at fair value is below. 

Intangible asset 

Purchase price 

Product Sales 

Corporate 

Sales 

Gross profit 

Healthcare services 

Product Sales 

Corporate 

Gross profit 

Loss from operations 

Healthcare services 

Product Sales 

Corporate 

Income (loss) from operations 

Depreciation and amortization 

Healthcare services 

Product Sales 

Corporate 

Depreciation and amortization 

Capital expenditures 

Healthcare services 
 - 
 - 
 
 Product Sales 

Corporate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Capital expenditures 

Interest expenses 

Healthcare services 

Product Sales 

Corporate 

Interest expenses 

Net loss 

Healthcare services 

Product Sales 

Corporate 

Net loss 

Total assets 

Healthcare services 

Product Sales 

Corporate 

Accounts receivable 

Healthcare services 

Product Sales 

Corporate 

Intangible assets 

Healthcare services 

Product Sales 

Corporate 

Goodwill 

Healthcare services 

Product Sales 

Corporate 
 - 
 - 

shares of common
stock issuable pursuant to the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan. 

Streeterville
Common Stock Issuance 

On
October 8, 2024, Streeterville notified the Company that it would redeem of the Note. In lieu of payment by the Company to Streeterville
of , the Company and Streeterville agreed to a one-time fee in the amount of (representing of the redemption
amount) payable by the Company to Streeterville. Such amount was added to the outstanding balance under the Note. On October 16, 2024,
Streeterville submitted a redemption notice in the amount of . On October 21, 2024, the Company issued shares of common
stock to Streeterville in payment of the redemption amount. Following such issuance, the outstanding balance under the Note
was . 

Termination
of Ophir Agreement 

On
October 17, 2024, the Ophir Agreement was terminated. On such date, the Successor Receiver filed notice with the Court that the Successor
Receiver canceled, without objection by the Company, the Ophir Agreement. 

Resignation
of Robert Oliva 

On
October 25, 2024, Mr. Oliva resigned as President of the Company. His resignation was not a result of any disagreement with the Company
on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

Nasdaq
Delisting 

On
November 4, 2024, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq indicating that the Company s common stock would be delisted from Nasdaq
and trading in the Company s common stock would be suspended at the open of trading on November 6, 2024. Beginning at the open
of trading on November 6, 2024, trading of the Company s common stock continued on the OTC Market s Pink Current Information
tier under the symbol NVOS. 

Resignation
of Robert Mattacchione as Chief Executive Officer 

 On
November 7, 2024, Mr. Mattacchione resigned as the Company s Chief Executive Officer , effective
90 days following the notification date (i.e. effective February 5, 2025). The 90-day notice period is intended to provide the Company
with a fluid transition and to allow the Company time to appoint a suitable replacement. Following the 90-day transition period, Mr.
Mattacchione intends to continue to serve as (i) the Company s Chairman of the Board, and (ii) Chairman of NHL, a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Mattacchione s resignation was not a result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter
relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

Approval
of Reverse Stock Split 

On
November 22, 2024, stockholders approved the amendment of the Company s articles of incorporation, as amended, to effectuate a
reverse stock split of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock at a ratio of no less than and no more than ,
with such ratio to be determined at the sole discretion of the Board. Although stockholders approved such amendment, the Board may determine
in its discretion to abandon and to not effectuate the reverse stock split. 

F- 42 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

The
Company s Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of August 31, 2024. Based upon such evaluation,
the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that, as of August 31, 2024, the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as required under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rue 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
of the Exchange Act) of the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The
Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have
a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

Management,
under the supervision of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that
the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of August 31, 2024 under the criteria set forth in
the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework . 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. Management has determined that a material weakness exists due to a lack of segregation of duties. Currently,
management contracts with an outside certified public accountant to assist the Company with preparation of its filings required pursuant
to the Exchange Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2024 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

(a) 
 None. 

(b) 
 During
 the quarter ended August 31, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or (i) any contract, instruction or written
 plan for the purchase or sale of the Company s securities intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c)
 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and/or (ii) any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement 
 as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. During the quarter ended August 31, 2024, the Company did not adopt or terminate any
 Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

103 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Set
forth below is certain information concerning the directors and executive officers of the Company. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Robert
 Mattacchione 
 
 56 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. (1) 

Christopher
 David 
 
 65 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer, and Director of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Vivek
 Sethi 
 
 37 
 
 Principal
 Financial Officer of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Sarfaraz
 Ali 
 
 43 
 
 Director
 of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Alex
 Flesias 
 
 50 
 
 Director
 of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

Michael
 Pope 
 
 44 
 
 Director
 of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

(1) On
 November 7, 2024, Mr. Mattacchione resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective
 90 days following the notification date (i.e. effective February 5, 2025). The 90-day notice
 period is intended to provide the Company with a fluid transition and to allow the Company
 time to appoint a suitable replacement. Following the 90-day transition period, Mr. Mattacchione
 intends to continue to serve as (i) the Company s Chairman of the Board, and (ii) Chairman
 of Novo Healthnet Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Robert
Mattacchione. Mr. Mattacchione has served as the Company s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since October
2018. He is a co-founder and the Chairman of NHL, which was founded in September 2013 and acquired by the Company in May 2017. 

Mr.
Mattacchione brings knowledge and experience leading the development of operational business interests worldwide, including mining exploration
and production of natural resources in Europe and South America, pharmaceutical product development and manufacturing in Africa and Europe,
and renewable energy development and production in South America. Mr. Mattacchione provides the Company with deep experience in formulating
adaptive strategies, analyzing processes and engaging highly qualified personnel. Mr. Mattacchione does not hold, and has not previously
held, any directorships in any reporting companies. 

On
June 1, 2012, the Financial Services Commission of Ontario entered a cease-and-desist order against Mr. Mattacchione and a company with
which Mr. Mattacchione was affiliated. Pursuant to the order, Mr. Mattacchione was required to cease and desist from making and/or publishing
any statements to the effect that an affiliate of Mr. Mattacchione can arrange for, secure or facilitate insurance coverage until a contract
or insurance providing for such coverage has been put in place in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The order does not
prohibit Mr. Mattacchione or his affiliate from conducting business, or continuing in business or other operations, but requires that
a specific contract be put in place prior to proceeding with certain marketing. Following a hearing, the Superintendent did not impose
penalties or make any findings of wrongdoing against Mr. Mattacchione. Mr. Mattacchione asserted that he had not approved any marketing
for release and when he saw that the same had been distributed, immediately required that it cease, even prior to the Superintendent s
action. 

Christopher
M. David. In August 2014, Mr. David was appointed as the Company s Secretary, Treasurer and Board Director. In May 2015, Mr.
David was appointed as the Company s President and resigned as the Company s Secretary and Treasurer. In June 2021, Mr. David
was appointed as the Company s Chief Operating Officer. In February 2024, Mr. David resigned as the Company s President.
Mr. David remains as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. 

Mr.
David brings knowledge and experience based on his past 30 years as a private investor in both private and public companies. In addition,
Mr. David has been an advisor on operational, internal control, marketing and finance matters to numerous small and medium size businesses
in the pharmaceutical, biotech, television-movie media, real-estate, technology and industrial commodity industries. Mr. David had been
a shareholder of the Company for over 6 years prior to assuming his duties as the Company s Secretary, Treasurer and Board Director
in August 2014. 

Mr.
David does not hold, and has not previously held, any directorships in any reporting companies. Prior to Mr. David professional business
career, he retired from the U S Navy officer ranks in 1994. Mr. David is a 1989 graduate of University of Washington with a B.A. degree
in Political Science. 

Vivek
 Vik Sethi. Mr. Sethi has served as the Company s Principal Financial Officer and principal accounting officer
since July 2023 managing all accounting and finance functions. Mr. Sethi brings over 14 years of international corporate finance and
operational experience, directing accounting and finance functions, business and personal tax compliance and planning, internal and external
reporting, and the ongoing evaluation and analysis of corporate financial activity. 

In
2017, Mr. Sethi founded Tax Wave Solutions, located in Brampton Ontario Canada, which provides a wide range of services, to both businesses
and individuals, such as accounting, bookkeeping, payroll processing, tax compliance and filings, audit support, advisory, and business
consultancy. Previously, Mr. Sethi founded Vivek Sethi Associates in India, which provided accounting services such as tax planning,
auditing of small and medium-sized businesses, tax return filings, financial reports and providing solutions to tax related queries.
Mr. Sethi subsequently sold the business and moved to Canada. 

104 

Mr.
Sethi does not hold, and has not previously held, any directorships in any reporting companies Mr. Sethi holds a Canadian CPA designation
and a Chartered Accountant designation from The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. He graduated with a B.Com from Punjab University
in Ludhiana, India. 

Sarfaraz
Ali. Mr. Ali brings over 20 years of knowledge and experience in the ownership and development of operational business enterprises
worldwide, including supermarket chains, bakery chain stores, ride-share services, and clean water products in Bangladesh, commercial
real estate and blockchain technology implementation in Canada, private equity investment and financing in Dubai, and international trade
of consumer goods based primarily in Thailand. 

Mr.
Ali provides the Company with proven expertise in delivering system and operational efficiency while managing aggressive, yet sustainable
growth. As a successful business owner, he brings the Company a wealth of knowledge in areas related to formulating adaptive strategies,
supply-chain management, retail marketing, product manufacturing, B2B and B2C e-commerce strategies and implementation, and product distribution
worldwide. Since 2006, Mr. Ali has served as the CEO and Executive Director of Khulshi Mart which operates supermarket stores and other
private enterprises in Bangladesh. Since 2010, Mr. Ali has served as the CEO and Executive Director of K Bakery Outlets, a chain of fresh
food stores operating in Bangladesh. In addition, since 2010, Mr. Ali has been a board member of Grameen Solutions, Ltd, the flagship
technology company of the Grameen family of organizations founded in 1999 by Dr. Muhammad Yunus, a recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize
in 2006, the U.S. Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2009, and the Congressional Gold Medal in 2010 for pioneering the concepts of microcredit
and microfinance. In addition, Mr. Ali holds board of director positions in private companies located in the Middle East and South Asia.
In 2002, Mr. Ali earned his B.S. degree in finance and accounting from Indiana University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Ali holds dual citizenship
of both Bangladesh and Canada. 

Alex
Flesias, B.A., LLB. Mr. Flesias has been a partner at Hammond Flesias Law Firm in Toronto, Canada since 2007. Mr. Flesias manages
a general commercial litigation practice with a strong focus on construction and real estate related matters. He has extensive experience
litigating complex disputes involving financial institutions, as well as landlord-tenant matters. In 1997, Mr. Flesias graduated with
an Honours Bachelor of Arts Degree in Political Science and History from the University of Toronto, followed by earning his Master of
Arts degree in Political Science at York University in 1998. Mr. Flesias obtained his LLB from Osgoode Hall Law School in 2000. As a
lawyer with vast exposure to the business world, Mr. Flesias provides the Company with a unique diversity of thought and background integral
to making well informed decisions and judgments. 

Michael Pope. Mr. Pope is a senior executive
and seasoned portfolio manager with global experience in both private and public markets. Mr. Pope also brings direct experience in mergers
and acquisitions, public and private financings, management buy-outs and corporate divestitures. Our Board believes Mr. Pope s broad
and extensive finance and operations experience uniquely position him to provide a wide array of insight and knowledge as the Company
pursues its next phase of growth and expansion. 

Mr. Pope served as Chairman and CEO at Boxlight, a
global interactive technology company, from March 2020 to January 2024. Mr. Pope led the company through 11 acquisitions from 2016 to
2023, a Nasdaq IPO in 2017, and revenue growth from 0 to over 200 million. 

Mr. Pope previously served as Managing Director at
Vert Capital, a private equity and advisory firm, and managed portfolio holdings in consumer products, education technology and digital
media. Prior to joining Vert Capital, Mr. Pope was Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer for the Taylor Family, based in
Salt Lake City, and managed family investment holdings in consumer products, professional services, real estate and education. He has
also held positions as Chief Financial Officer at Bebo, Sr. SEC Reporting accountant at Omniture (previously listed on Nasdaq and acquired
by Adobe (Nasdaq:ADBE) in 2009) and Assurance Associate at Grant Thornton. Our Board believes Mr. Pope s broad and extensive finance
and operations experience uniquely position him to provide a wide array of insight and knowledge as the Company pursues its next phase
of growth and expansion. 

Mr. Pope maintains an active CPA license and serves on the boards of various
organizations, including Boxlight (NASDAQ:BOXL) and Focus Universal (NASDAQ:FCUV). Mr. Pope earned his undergraduate and graduate degrees
in accounting from Brigham Young University with academic honors. 

105 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Except
as otherwise provided above as to Mr. Mattacchione, no director, executive officer, significant employee, or control person of the Company
has been involved in any legal or regulatory proceeding listed in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

Board
Composition 

Our
business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board of Directors. The number of directors is fixed by our Board of Directors,
subject to our articles of incorporation and our bylaws. Currently, our Board of Directors consists of five directors: Messrs. Mattacchione,
David, Flesias, Pope and Ali. 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board of Directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each director concerning
his or her background, employment and affiliations, our Board of Directors has determined that (i) Messrs. Pope, Flesias, and Ali do
not have a material relationship with us that could compromise his ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his responsibilities
and that each of these directors is independent as that term is defined under the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock
Market, and (ii) Messrs. Mattacchione and David are not independent directors. Accordingly, a majority of the Company s Board of
Directors is independent. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Board s Role in Risk Oversight 

Our
Board of Directors has a Chairman, Mr. Mattacchione. The Chairman has authority, among other things, to preside over Board meetings and
set the agenda for Board meetings. Accordingly, the Chairman has substantial ability to shape the work of our Board of Directors. We
believe that separation of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is not necessary at this time to ensure appropriate oversight
by the Board of Directors of our business and affairs. However, no single leadership model is right for all companies and at all times.
The Board of Directors recognizes that depending on the circumstances, other leadership models, such as the appointment of a lead independent
director, might be appropriate. Accordingly, the Board of Directors may periodically review its leadership structure. In addition, the
Board of Directors will hold executive sessions in which only independent directors are present. 

Our
Board of Directors is generally responsible for the oversight of corporate risk in its review and deliberations relating to our activities.
Our principal source of risk falls into two categories, financial and product commercialization. The audit committee will oversee management
of financial risks; our Board of Directors regularly reviews information regarding our cash position, liquidity and operations, as well
as the risks associated with each. The Board of Directors regularly reviews plans, results and potential risks related to our product
development and commercialization efforts. Our compensation committee is expected to oversee risk management as it relates to our compensation
plans, policies and practices for all employees including executives and directors, particularly whether our compensation programs may
create incentives for our employees to take excessive or inappropriate risks which could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Board
Committees 

Our
Board of Directors has established three standing committees the audit committee, compensation committee, and nominating and corporate
governance committee each of which operates under a charter that has been approved by our Board of Directors. 

Audit
Committee 

We
have an audit committee comprised of three independent directors: Messrs. Pope, Ali and Flesias. Mr. Pope serves as Chairman of the audit
committee. Mr. Pope satisfies the definition of audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations.
In making a determination on which member will qualify as a financial expert, our Board of Directors considered the formal education
and nature and scope of such members previous experience. During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, the audit committee held
four meetings. 

106 

Our
audit committee is responsible for, among other things: 

To
 oversee our accounting and financial reporting and disclosure processes and the audit of our financial statements. 

To
 select and retain an independent registered public accounting firm to act as our independent auditors. 

To
 review with management, the internal audit department and our independent auditors the adequacy and effectiveness of our financial
 reporting processes, internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, including any significant
 deficiencies or material weaknesses. 

To
 review and discuss with our independent auditors and management our annual audited financial statements (including the related notes),
 the form of audit opinion to be issued by the auditors on the financial statements and the disclosure under Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to be included in our annual report on Form 10-K. 

To
 review and approve the functions of our accounting department and approve the hiring or dismissal of the Chief Financial Officer,
 or such person as may, from time to time, be delegated such internal audit function by the Board. 

To
 review and discuss with management policies and guidelines to govern the process by which management assesses and manages our risks. 

To
 establish and oversee procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal
 accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential, anonymous submission by Company employees of concerns regarding questionable
 accounting or auditing matters. 

To
 review, approve and oversee any transaction between us and any related person and any other potential conflict of interest situations. 

To
 meet at least four times a year to fulfill its responsibilities. 

To
 review the audit committee charter at least annually and recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have a compensation committee comprised of three independent directors: Messrs. Ali, Pope and Flesias. Mr. Ali serves as Chair of the
compensation committee. During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, the compensation committee held two meetings. 

Our
compensation committee assists our Board of Directors in the discharge of its responsibilities relating to the compensation of our executive
officers. Our compensation committee is responsible for, among other things: 

To
 review and approve the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer and to approve the compensation of all other executive officers. 

To
 review, and approve and, when appropriate, recommend to the Board for approval, any employment agreements and any severance arrangements
 or plans, including any benefits to be provided in connection with a change in control, for the CEO and other executive officers,
 which includes the ability to adopt, amend and terminate such agreements, arrangements or plans. 

To
 review our incentive compensation arrangements. 

To
 review and recommend to the Board for approval the frequency with which we will conduct Say on Pay Votes. 

To
 review director compensation for service on the Board and Board committees at least once a year and to recommend any changes to the
 Board. 

To
 meet at least two times a year. 

To
 review the compensation committee charter at least annually and recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval. 

107 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

We
have a nominating and corporate governance committee comprised of three independent directors: Messrs. Flesias, Ali and Pope. Mr. Flesias
serves as Chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, the nominating and
corporate governance committee held two meetings. 

Our
nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for, among other things: 

To
 determine the qualifications, qualities, skills, and other expertise required to be a director and to develop, and recommend to the
 Board for its approval, criteria to be considered in selecting nominees for director. 

To
 select and approve the nominees for director to be submitted to a stockholder vote at the annual meeting of stockholders. 

To
 review the Board s committee structure and composition and to appoint directors to serve as members of each committee and committee
 chairmen. 

To
 develop and recommend to the Board for approval standards for determining whether a director has a relationship with us that would
 impair its independence. 

To
 review and discuss with management the disclosure regarding the operations of the nominating and corporate governance committee and
 director independence, and to recommend that this disclosure be included in our proxy statement or annual report on Form 10-K, as
 applicable. 

To
 monitor compliance with our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (the Code of Ethics ), to investigate any alleged breach
 or violation of the Code of Ethics and to enforce the provisions of the Code of Ethics. 

To
 meet at least two times a year. 

To
 review the nominating and corporate governance committee charter at least annually and recommend any proposed changes to the Board
 for approval 

Procedures
for Contacting the Board 

The
Board has established a process for stockholders and other interested parties to send written communications to the Board, the independent
directors, a particular committee or to individual directors, as applicable. Such communications should be sent by U.S. mail addressed
to: 

Novo
Integrated Sciences, Inc. Board of Directors 

 c/o
Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

 Attention:
Corporate Secretary 

 11120
NE 2nd Street, Suite 100 

 Bellevue,
WA 98004 

The
Board has instructed the Corporate Secretary to promptly forward all communications so received to the full Board, the independent directors
or the individual Board member(s) specifically addressed in the communication. Comments or questions regarding our accounting, internal
controls or auditing matters, our compensation and benefit programs, or the nomination of directors and other corporate governance matters
will remain with the full Board. 

Depending
on the subject matter, the Company s Corporate Secretary will: 

Forward
 the communication to the director or directors to whom it is addressed; 

Attempt
 to handle the inquiry directly, for example, where it is a request for information about our Company or if it is a stock-related
 matter; or 

Not
 forward the communication if it is primarily commercial in nature or if it relates to a topic that is not relevant to the Board or
 a particular committee or is otherwise improper. 

108 

Procedures
for Recommending, Nominating and Evaluating Director Candidates 

Recommending
Director Candidates for Nomination by the Board 

The
Board will consider director candidates recommended by stockholders. A stockholder who wishes to recommend a director candidate for nomination
by the Board at an annual meeting of stockholders or for vacancies of the Board that arise between annual meetings must provide the Board
with sufficient written documentation to permit a determination by the Board whether such candidate meets the required and desired director
selection criteria set forth in our bylaws. Such documentation and the name of the director candidate should be sent by U.S. mail to: 

Novo
Integrated Sciences, Inc. Board of Directors 

 c/o
Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

 Attention:
Corporate Secretary 

 11120
NE 2nd Street, Suite 100 

 Bellevue,
WA 98004 

Nominating
Director Candidates 

For
director nominations to be properly brought before an annual meeting of stockholders by a stockholder, the stockholder must give timely
notice in proper written form to the Secretary, consistent with the Company s bylaws. 

Evaluating
Director Candidates 

The
Board has no formal guidelines or policy with regard to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by shareholders. The
nominating and corporate governance committee will consider several factors when evaluating the appropriate characteristics of candidates
for service as a director. The nominating and corporate governance committee initially evaluates a prospective nominee based on his or
her resume and other background information that has been provided to the committee. At a minimum, director candidates must demonstrate
high standards of ethics, integrity, independence, sound judgment, strength of character, and meaningful experience and skills in business
or other appropriate endeavors. In addition to these minimum qualifications, the nominating and corporate governance committee considers
other factors it deems appropriate based on the current needs and desires of the Board, including specific business and professional
experience that is relevant to the Board s needs, including, but not limited to, Board diversity. A member of the nominating and
corporate governance committee will contact, for further review, those candidates who the committee believes are qualified, who may fulfill
a specific Board need and who would otherwise best make a contribution to the Board. The nominating and corporate governance committee
is responsible for conducting, with the assistance of the Corporate Secretary, and subject to applicable law, any inquiries into the
background and qualifications of the candidate. Based on the information the committee learns during this process, it determines which
nominee(s) to submit for election. The committee uses a comparable process for evaluating all director candidates, regardless of the
source of the recommendation. 

The
nominating and corporate governance committee is authorized to use, as it deems appropriate or necessary, an outside consultant to identify
and screen potential director candidates. No outside consultants were used during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 to identify or
screen potential director candidates. The nominating and corporate governance committee will reassess the qualifications of a current
director, including the director s attendance and contributions at Board and committee meetings, prior to recommending a director
for reelection. 

CODE
OF ETHICS 

We
have adopted a code of ethics meeting the requirements of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We believe our code of ethics
is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct; provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable
disclosure in public reports; comply with applicable laws; ensure prompt internal reporting of violations; and provide accountability
for adherence to the provisions of the code of ethics. 

109 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table summarizes all compensation earned by Messrs. Mattacchione and David (together, our Named Executive Officers ). 

2024
SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards (1) 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Robert Mattacchione 
 2024 
 185,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 185,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2023 
 185,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 185,000 

Christopher David 
 2024 
 171,000 
 - 
 - 
 263,561 
 - 
 434,561 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 2023 
 171,000 
 - 
 - 
 156,000 
 - 
 327,000 

(1) 
 Represents
 the aggregate grant date fair value for the stock options, computed in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic
 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. At August 31, 2024, the individuals included in this table had the following number
 of stock options outstanding: Mr. Ali 3,948; Mr. Flesias 11,379; and Mr. Pope 12,700. 

Robert
Mattacchione 

On
June 18, 2021, the Company entered into an executive agreement (the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement with GPE Global Holdings
Inc., an entity controlled by Robert Mattacchione and through which Mr. Mattacchione will provide services to the Company GPE ).
Mr. Mattacchione serves as the Company s Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and is the Company s majority stockholder.
Pursuant to the terms of the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement, Mr. Mattacchione will continue to serve as the Company s Chief Executive
Officer. Mr. Mattacchione also continues to serve as Chairman of the Board. In consideration thereof, the Company agreed to (i) pay Mr.
Mattacchione an annual base salary of 186,000, (ii) pay Mr. Mattacchione a monthly bonus reconciled quarterly and paid as follows: (a)
quarterly cash bonuses equal to 10 of positive net income PNI ), and (b) PNI will be reconciled within 30 days after the
close of the quarter with payments to Mr. Mattacchione made within 45 days of the close of the quarter, and (iii) pay Mr. Mattacchione
bonuses based on increases in the Company s market cap valuation MCV from the date of the June 2021 Mattacchione
Agreement, with the following milestone bonus parameters: 

(a) 
 For
 each and every 50,000,000 Company MCV increase sustained for a period of not less than 30 days (the 50M Bonus Event ),
 Mr. Mattacchione will receive 1,000,000, or 2 of 50,000,000, in Company common stock. For the sake of clarity, Mr. Mattacchione
 will only be issued compensation based on 50,000,000 MCV increments; there will be no compensation issued for anything above 50,000,000
 until the subsequent 50,000,000 MCV milestone is achieved. This bonus will be capped at a Company MCV of 1 billion. The 50M Bonus
 Event stock will be issued as (i) 50 restricted shares within 30 days of the respective 50M Bonus Event or at a later date as requested
 by Mr. Mattacchione, and held as an allocation to Mr. Mattacchione, until the requisition date as provided in writing, by Mr. Mattacchione,
 to the Company, and (ii) 50 registered shares from the Company s current active incentive plan within 30 days of the respective
 50M Bonus Event. 

(b) 
 Upon
 the Company reaching and sustaining a MCV of 1 billion for no less than 30 days (the 1B Bonus Event ), Mr. Mattacchione
 will receive 50,000,000, or 5 of 1 billion, in restricted shares of Company common stock. The 1B Bonus Event stock will be issued
 within 30 days of the 1B Bonus Event or at a later date as requested by Mr. Mattacchione, and held as an allocation to Mr. Mattacchione,
 until the requisition date as provided in writing, by Mr. Mattacchione, to the Company. 

(c) 
 For
 each additional 1 billion MCV, beyond the initial 1B Bonus Event, sustained for a period of no less than 30 days, Mr. Mattacchione
 will receive 50,000,000, or 5 of 1 billion, in restricted shares of the Company s common stock. This additional 1B Bonus
 Event Stock, commencing with a 2 billion MCV and each additional 1B MCV increase, beyond 2 billion, will be issued within 30 days
 of the Bonus Event, or at a later date as requested by Mr. Mattacchione, and held as an allocation to Mr. Mattacchione, until the
 requisition date as provided in writing, by Mr. Mattacchione, to the Company. 

110 

The
June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement supersedes all prior compensation arrangements between the Company and Mr. Mattacchione. 

The
Company will be deemed to be in default under the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(a) 
 if
 the Company shall become insolvent, or bankrupt, or subject to the provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, or shall go into liquidation,
 either voluntarily or under an order of a Court of competent jurisdiction, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of
 its creditors, or otherwise acknowledge its insolvency; or 

(b) 
 if
 a liquidator or liquidators or receiver or receivers or a trustee or trustees in bankruptcy, be appointed to the Company, or if its
 secured creditors take possession of the property of the Company or any substantial or essential part thereof in the sole determination
 of Mr. Mattacchione; or 

(c) 
 if
 the Company fails, refuses or neglects to promptly pay any monies owing to Mr. Mattacchione when due under the June 2021 Mattacchione
 Agreement. 

Mr.
Mattacchione will be deemed to be in default under the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(a) 
 if
 Mr. Mattacchione fails, refuses or neglects to promptly perform any material obligations owing to the Company when due under the
 June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement, and such failure in performance shall continue for 10 business days following notice from the Company
 unless Mr. Mattacchione shall have commenced within the 10 days following notice and is continuing acceptable measures to remedy
 the said failure in performance. 

(b) 
 If
 the performance of Mr. Mattacchione is not to minimum standards as expected by the Board of Directors of the Company. 

The
term of the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement will run for an initial term of 36 months. The term may be extended at the end of the initial
term if the Company and Mr. Mattacchione mutually agree. 

Mr.
Mattacchione may terminate the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement at any time, upon 90 days written notice to the Company, and receive
(i) additional compensation equal to 1,500,000 in restricted shares of the Company s common stock as consideration for the previous
tenure of unpaid service filling the roles and responsibilities as the Company s Chief Executive Officer since October 17, 2018,
and (ii) any other compensation earned within the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement. 

Notwithstanding
anything in the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement to the contrary, the Company may terminate Mr. Mattacchione s service for cause
for any one of the following reasons: (i) conviction of a felony, any act involving moral turpitude, or a misdemeanor where imprisonment
is imposed, (ii) commission of any act of theft, fraud, dishonesty, or falsification of any Company records, (iii) improper disclosure
of the Company s confidential or proprietary information, (iv) any action by Mr. Mattacchione which has a detrimental effect on
the Company s reputation or business, (v) Mr. Mattacchione s failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned duties
after written notice from the Company thereof, and a reasonable opportunity to cure, such failure or inability, (vi) any breach of the
June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement, which breach is not cured within 15 days following written notice of such breach, (vii) a course of
conduct amounting to gross incompetence, (viii) chronic and unexcused absenteeism, (ix) unlawful appropriation of a corporate opportunity,
or (x) misconduct in connection with the performance of any of Mr. Mattacchione s duties, including, without limitation, misappropriation
of funds or property of the Company, securing or attempting to secure personally any profit in connection with any transaction entered
into on behalf of the Company, misrepresentation to the Company, or any violation of law or regulations on Company premises or to which
the Company is subject. Upon termination of Mr. Mattacchione s services with the Company for cause, the Company shall be under
no further obligation to Mr. Mattacchione, except to pay all accrued but unpaid renumeration. 

111 

The
Company may terminate Mr. Mattacchione s services at any time without cause; provided, however, that Mr. Mattacchione will be entitled
to severance pay in the amount of three years renumeration and certain additional compensation as identified in the June 2021 Mattacchione
Agreement, but if, and only if, Mr. Mattacchione executes a valid and comprehensive release of any and all claims that Mr. Mattacchione
may have against the Company in a form provided by the Company and Mr. Mattacchione executes such form within 30 days of tender. 

On
June 18, 2024, the Company and GPE entered into an amendment to the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement (the Mattacchione Amendment ),
pursuant to which the parties agreed to extend the term of the June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement by one year, such that the term of the
June 2021 Mattacchione Agreement will continue until June 18, 2025. Except as set forth in the Mattacchione Amendment, the June 2021
Mattacchione Agreement remains in full force and effect. 

On
November 7, 2024, Mr. Mattacchione resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective 90 days following the notification date
(i.e. effective February 5, 2025). The 90-day notice period is intended to provide the Company with a fluid transition and to allow the
Company time to appoint a suitable replacement. Following the 90-day transition period, Mr. Mattacchione intends to continue to serve
as (i) the Company s Chairman of the Board, and (ii) Chairman of Novo Healthnet Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

Christopher
David 

On
August 6, 2020, the Company entered into an employment agreement (the August 2020 Agreement with Mr. David, effective
August 5, 2020. Pursuant to the terms of the August 2020 Agreement, Mr. David agreed to serve as the Company s President. In consideration
thereof, the Company agreed to (i) pay Mr. David a monthly salary of 8,000, and (ii) grant Mr. David a 5-year option to purchase 57,500
shares of the Company s restricted common stock at an exercise price of 30.00 per share. The option fully vested on the date of
grant and expires on August 6, 2025. 

On
June 18, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement (the June 2021 David Agreement with Mr. David, the Company s
President and a member of the Company s Board of Directors. Pursuant to the terms of the June 2021 David Agreement, Mr. David agreed
to serve as the Company s President and Chief Operating Officer. In consideration thereof, the Company agreed to (i) pay Mr. David
an annual base salary of 171,000, (ii) pay Mr. David a monthly bonus reconciled quarterly and paid as follows: (a) quarterly cash bonuses
equal to 10 of PNI, and (b) PNI will be reconciled within 30 days after the close of the quarter with payments to Mr. David made within
45 days of the close of the quarter, and (iii) pay Mr. David bonuses based on increases in the Company s MCV from the date of the
June 2021 David Agreement, with the following milestone bonus parameters: 

(a) 
 For
 each and every 50,000,000 Company MCV increase sustained for a period of not less than 30 days (the 50M Bonus Event ),
 Mr. David will receive 500,000, or 1 of 50,000,000, in Company common stock. For the sake of clarity, Mr. David will only be issued
 compensation based on 50,000,000 MCV increments; there will be no compensation issued for anything above 50,000,000 until the subsequent
 50,000,000 MCV milestone is achieved. This bonus will be capped at a Company MCV of 1 billion. The 50M Bonus Event stock will be
 issued as (i) 50 restricted shares within 30 days of the respective 50M Bonus Event or at a later date as requested by Mr. David,
 and held as an allocation to Mr. David, until the requisition date as provided in writing, by Mr. David, to the Company, and (ii)
 50 registered shares from the Company s current active incentive plan within 30 days of the respective 50M Bonus Event. 

(b) 
 Upon
 the Company reaching and sustaining a MCV of 1 billion for no less than 30 days (the 1B Bonus Event ), Mr. David will
 receive 20,000,000, or 2 of 1 billion, in restricted shares of Company common stock. The 1B Bonus Event stock will be issued within
 30 days of the 1B Bonus Event or at a later date as requested by Mr. David, and held as an allocation to Mr. David, until the requisition
 date as provided in writing, by Mr. David, to the Company. 

(c) 
 For
 each additional 1 billion MCV, beyond the initial 1B Bonus Event, sustained for a period of no less than 30 days, Mr. David will
 receive 20,000,000, or 2 of 1 billion, in restricted shares of the Company s common stock. This additional 1B Bonus Event
 Stock, commencing with a 2 billion MCV and each additional 1B MCV increase, beyond 2 billion, will be issued within 30 days of
 the Bonus Event, or at a later date as requested by Mr. David, and held as an allocation to Mr. David, until the requisition date
 as provided in writing, by Mr. David, to the Company. 

112 

The
June 2021 David Agreement supersedes the employment agreement dated August 6, 2020 between the Company and Mr. David. 

The
Company will be deemed to be in default under the June 2021 David Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(a) 
 if
 the Company shall become insolvent, or bankrupt, or subject to the provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, or shall go into liquidation,
 either voluntarily or under an order of a Court of competent jurisdiction, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of
 its creditors, or otherwise acknowledge its insolvency; or 

(b) 
 if
 a liquidator or liquidators or receiver or receivers or a trustee or trustees in bankruptcy, be appointed to the Company, or if its
 secured creditors take possession of the property of the Company or any substantial or essential part thereof in the sole determination
 of Mr. David; or 

(c) 
 if
 the Company fails, refuses or neglects promptly pay any monies owing to Mr. David when due under the June 2021 David Agreement. 

Mr.
David will be deemed to be in default under the June 2021 David Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(a) 
 if
 Mr. David fails, refuses or neglects to promptly perform any material obligations owing to the Company when due under the June 2021
 David Agreement, and such failure in performance shall continue for 10 business days following notice from the Company unless Mr.
 David shall have commenced within the 10 days following notice and is continuing acceptable measures to remedy the said failure in
 performance. 

(b) 
 If
 the performance of Mr. David is not to minimum standards as expected by the Board of Directors of the Company. 

The
term of the June 2021 David Agreement will run for an initial term of 36 months. The term may be extended at the end of the initial term
if the Company and Mr. David mutually agree. 

Mr.
David may terminate the June 2021 David Agreement at any time, upon 90 days written notice to the Company, and receive (i) additional
compensation equal to 300,000 in restricted shares of the Company s common stock as consideration for the discount to market salary
Mr. David was paid, from July 12, 2017 through May 31, 2021, filling the roles and responsibilities as the Company s President,
and (ii) any other compensation earned within the June 2021 David Agreement. 

Notwithstanding
anything in the June 2021 David Agreement to the contrary, the Company may terminate Mr. David s employment for cause for any one
of the following reasons: (i) conviction of a felony, any act involving moral turpitude, or a misdemeanor where imprisonment is imposed,
(ii) commission of any act of theft, fraud, dishonesty, or falsification of any Company records, (iii) improper disclosure of the Company s
confidential or proprietary information, (iv) any action by Mr. David which has a detrimental effect on the Company s reputation
or business, (v) Mr. David s failure or inability to perform any reasonable assigned duties after written notice from the Company
thereof, and a reasonable opportunity to cure, such failure or inability, (vi) any breach of the June 2021 David Agreement, which breach
is not cured within 15 days following written notice of such breach, (vii) a course of conduct amounting to gross incompetence, (viii)
chronic and unexcused absenteeism, (ix) unlawful appropriation of a corporate opportunity, or (x) misconduct in connection with the performance
of any of Mr. David s duties, including, without limitation, misappropriation of funds or property of the Company, securing or
attempting to secure personally any profit in connection with any transaction entered into on behalf of the Company, misrepresentation
to the Company, or any violation of law or regulations on Company premises or to which the Company is subject. Upon termination of Mr.
David s employment with the Company for cause, the Company shall be under no further obligation to Mr. David, except to pay all
accrued but unpaid renumeration. 

113 

The
Company may terminate Mr. David s employment at any time without cause; provided, however, that Mr. David will be entitled to severance
pay in the amount of three years renumeration and certain additional compensation as identified in the June 2021 David Agreement, but
if, and only if, Mr. David executes a valid and comprehensive release of any and all claims that Mr. David may have against the Company
in a form provided by the Company and Mr. David executes such form within 30 days of tender. 

On
June 18, 2024, the Company and Mr. David entered into an amendment to the June 2021 David Agreement (the David Amendment ),
pursuant to which the parties agreed to extend the term of the June 2021 David Agreement by one year, such that the term of the June
2021 David Agreement will continue until June 18, 2025. Additionally, the parties agreed to update Mr. David s title to Chief Operating
Officer of the Company, as opposed to President and Chief Operating Officer. Except as set forth in the David Amendment, the June 2021
David Agreement remains in full force and effect. 

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT AUGUST 31, 2024 

Option Awards 

Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Christopher David 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 16.00 
 12/29/2024 

57,500 
 - 
 - 
 30.00 
 8/6/2025 

200,000 
 - 
 - 
 1.32 
 5/31/2029 

200,000 
 - 
 - 
 0.78 
 1/16/2030 

2023
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
July 26, 2023, the Board approved, and proposed for stockholder approval, the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2023 Equity Plan ).
On September 29, 2023, stockholders approved the 2023 Equity Plan. 

2023
Equity Plan Highlights 

Highlights
of the 2023 Equity Plan are as follows: 

The
 Compensation Committee, which is comprised solely of independent directors, administers the 2023 Equity Plan. 

The
 total number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the 2023 Equity Plan is 2,500,000 shares. 

No
 non-employee director may be granted, in any fiscal year, awards with a grant date fair value (computed as of the date of grant in
 accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles) of more than 300,000. 

The
 exercise price of options and SARs may not be less than the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant. 

In
 addition to other vesting requirements, the Compensation Committee may condition the vesting of awards on the achievement of specific
 performance targets. 

114 

Material
Features of the 2023 Equity Plan 

Term 

The
2023 Equity Plan will terminate on September 29, 2033, unless the Board terminates it earlier. 

Purpose 

The
purpose of the 2023 Equity Plan is to provide a means through with the Company and its subsidiaries may attract and retain key personnel,
and to provide a means whereby directors, officer, employees, consultants, and advisors of the Company and its subsidiaries can acquire
and maintain an equity interest in the Company, or be paid incentive compensation, thereby strengthening their commitment to the welfare
of the Company and its subsidiaries and aligning their interests with those of the Company s stockholders. 

Administration 

Pursuant
to the terms of the 2023 Equity Plan, to the extent required by applicable laws, the Compensation Committee, which is comprised entirely
of independent directors, will administer the 2023 Equity Plan. Other than as provided in the preceding sentence, the 2023 Equity Plan
will be administered by the Board or a committee (other than the Compensation Committee), which committee will be constituted to satisfy
applicable laws. 

The
administrator has the sole and plenary authority to (i) designate participants; (ii) determine the type or types of awards; (iii) determine
the number of shares to be covered by, or with respect to which payments, rights, or other matters are to be calculated in connection
with, awards; (iv) determine the terms and conditions of any award; (v) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances
awards may be settled in, or exercised for, cash, shares of Company common stock, other securities, other awards, or other property,
or canceled, forfeited, or suspended and the method or methods by which awards may be settled, exercised, canceled, forfeited, or suspended;
(vi) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances the delivery of cash, shares of Company common stock, other securities,
other awards, or other property and other amounts payable with respect to an award shall be deferred either automatically or at the election
of the participant or of the administrator; (vii) interpret, administer, reconcile any inconsistency in, correct any defect in, and/or
supply any omission in the 2023 Equity Plan and any instrument or agreement relating to, or award granted under, the 2023 Equity Plan;
(viii) establish, amend, suspend, or waive any rules and regulations and appoint such agents as the administrator shall deem appropriate
for the proper administration of the 2023 Equity Plan; (ix) adopt sub-plans; and (x) make any other determination and take any other
action that the administrator deems necessary or desirable for the administration of the 2023 Equity Plan. 

The
administrator has the discretion to select particular performance targets in connection with awards under the 2023 Equity Plan. Under
the 2023 Equity Plan, performance targets are specific levels of performance of the Company (and/or subsidiaries, divisions or operational
and/or business units, product lines, brands, business segments, administrative departments, or any combination of the foregoing), which
may be determined in accordance with GAAP or on a non-GAAP basis on the specified measures. 

Eligibility 

Employees,
directors and independent contractors (except those performing services in connection with the offer or sale of the Company s securities
in a capital raising transaction or promoting or maintaining a market for the Company s securities) of the Company or its subsidiaries
are eligible to receive awards under the 2023 Equity Plan. 

115 

Maximum
Shares Available 

The
total number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the 2023 Equity Plan is 2,500,000 shares. No non-employee director
may be granted, in any fiscal year, awards with a grant date fair value (computed as of the date of grant in accordance with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles) of more than 300,000. 

Adjustments 

In
the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, shares, other securities, or other property), recapitalization,
stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or exchange of
shares or other securities of the Company, or other change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the shares occurs, the
administrator, in order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under
the 2023 Equity Plan, will adjust the number and class of shares of stock that may be delivered under the 2023 Equity Plan and/or the
number, class, and price of shares of stock covered by each outstanding award, and the numerical share limits of the 2023 Equity Plan. 

Restricted
Stock 

The
Compensation Committee may award restricted stock under the 2023 Equity Plan. Awards of restricted stock will be subject to the terms
and conditions established by the Compensation Committee. Restricted stock is common stock that is subject to such restrictions as may
be determined by the Compensation Committee for a specified period. 

RSU
Awards 

The
Compensation Committee may award RSUs in lieu of or in addition to any restricted stock awards. RSUs will be subject to the terms and
conditions established by the Compensation Committee. Each RSU will have an initial value that is at least equal to the fair market value
of a share of Company common stock on the date of grant. RSUs may be paid at such time as the Compensation Committee may determine in
its discretion, and payments may be made in a lump sum or in installments, in cash, shares of common stock, or a combination thereof,
as determined by the Compensation Committee in its discretion. 

Options 

The
Compensation Committee may grant options to purchase shares of common stock that are either qualified, meaning they are
intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code for incentive
stock options, or nonqualified, meaning they are not intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. Options
granted under the 2023 Equity Plan will be subject to the terms and conditions established by the Compensation Committee. Under the terms
of the 2023 Equity Plan, the exercise price of the options will not be less than the fair market value of our common stock at the time
of grant. Options granted under the 2023 Equity Plan will be subject to such terms, including the exercise price and the conditions and
timing of exercise, as may be determined by the Compensation Committee and specified in the applicable award agreement. The maximum term
of an option granted under the 2023 Equity Plan will be 10 years from the date of grant (or five years in the case of a qualified option
granted to a 10 stockholder). Payment in respect of the exercise of an option may be made in cash or by check, by surrender of unrestricted
shares (at their fair market value on the date of exercise), or through a net exercise, or the Compensation Committee may,
in its discretion and to the extent permitted by law, allow such payment to be made through a broker-assisted cashless exercise mechanism
or by such other method as the Compensation Committee may determine to be appropriate. 

Stock
Appreciation Rights 

The
Compensation Committee may award SARs under the 2023 Equity Plan. SARs will be subject to the terms and conditions established by the
Compensation Committee and reflected in the award agreement. A SAR is a contractual right that allows a participant to receive, in the
form of either cash, shares or any combination of cash and shares, the appreciation, if any, in the value of a share over a certain period
of time. An option granted under the 2023 Equity Plan may include SARs, and SARs may also be awarded to a participant independent of
the grant of an option. SARs granted in connection with an option shall be subject to terms similar to the option corresponding to such
SARs. 

116 

Other
Stock-Based Awards 

The
Compensation Committee may award other stock-based awards having terms and conditions as determined by the Compensation Committee. These
awards may be granted either alone or in tandem with other awards. 

Qualified
Performance-Based Awards 

Restricted
stock and RSUs granted to officers and employees of the Company may depend on the degree of achievement of one or more performance goals
relative to a pre-established targeted level or levels using one or more identified performance targets. The applicable performance period
may not be less than three months nor more than 10 years. 

Dividends
and Voting Rights 

Participants
awarded stock options and SARs will not receive dividends or dividend equivalents or have any voting rights with respect to shares of
common stock underlying these awards prior to the issuance of any such shares. Participants that hold unearned awards subject to performance
vesting conditions (other than or in additional to the passage of time) will not receive dividends or dividend equivalents or have any
voting rights with respect to shares of common stock underlying these awards prior to the issuance of any such shares; provided, however,
 that dividends and dividend equivalents may be accumulated in respect of unearned awards and paid within 30 days after such awards
are earned and become payable or distributable. 

Transferability 

Awards
granted under the 2023 Equity Plan generally will be transferable only by will or the applicable laws of descent and distribution. In
certain limited circumstances, the Compensation Committee may authorize stock options, other than incentive stock options, to be transferred
to family members or trusts controlled by family members of the participant. Restricted stock may not be sold, transferred, assigned,
pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of until the applicable restrictions lapse. 

Clawback 

All
awards under the 2023 Equity Plan are subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture or recoupment to the extent necessary to comply
with (i) any clawback, forfeiture or other similar policy adopted by the Board or the Compensation Committee and as in effect from time
to time; and (ii) applicable law. 

 Amendment
and Termination 

The
Board may terminate or amend the 2023 Equity Plan or any portion thereof at any time; provided, however, that the Board may not,
without stockholder approval, amend the 2023 Equity Plan if: 

Such
 approval is necessary to comply with any regulatory requirement applicable to the 2023 Equity Plan; 

It
 would materially increase the number of securities which may be issued under the 2023 Equity Plan; or 

It
 would materially modify the requirements for participation in the 2023 Equity Plan. 

In
addition, any such amendment that would materially and adversely affect an award holder s rights with respect to a previously granted
and outstanding award will not to that extent be effective without the consent of the affected holder of such award. 

The
Compensation Committee may terminate or amend any award agreement, to the extent consistent with the terms of the 2023 Equity Plan and
any applicable award agreement and so long as such termination or amendment would not materially and adversely affect an award holder s
rights with respect to a previously granted and outstanding award (unless the affected holder consents thereto); provided, however
 that the Compensation Committee may not, without stockholder approval, amend or terminate an award or award agreement to: 

Reduce
 the exercise price of any option or the strike price of any SAR; 

To
 cancel any outstanding option or SAR and replace it with a new option or SAR (with a lower exercise price or strike price, as the
 case may be) or other award or cash payment that is greater than the intrinsic value (if any) of the canceled option or SAR; and 

Take
 any other action which is considered a repricing for purposes of the stockholder approval rules of any securities exchange
 or inter-dealer quotation system on which the securities of the Company are listed or quoted. 

117 

Clawback
Policy 

On
November 22, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors adopted a Compensation Recovery Policy (the Policy ). The Policy
is intended to further the Company s pay-for-performance philosophy and to comply with applicable law by providing for the reasonably
prompt recovery of certain incentive-based compensation received by executive officers in the event of an accounting restatement. The
Policy is intended to comply with, and will be interpreted in a manner consistent with, Section 10D of the Exchange Act and with Exchange
Act Rule 10D-1. 

Pursuant
to the Policy, if the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance by the Company with
any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously
issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement
if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period (an Accounting Restatement ),
then the Compensation Committee must determine the Excess Compensation (as hereinafter defined), if any, that must be recovered. The
Company s obligation to recover Excess Compensation is not dependent on if or when the restated financial statements are filed.
The Company must recover Excess Compensation reasonably promptly and executive officers are required to repay Excess Compensation to
the Company, subject to the terms of the Policy. 

The
Policy applies to certain incentive-based compensation that is received on or after November 1, 2023, during the three completed fiscal
years immediately preceding the Accounting Restatement determination date, as provided in the Policy (the Covered Period while the Company has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange. The incentive-based compensation is considered
 Clawback Eligible Incentive-Based Compensation if the incentive-based compensation is received by a person after such person
became an executive officer and the person served as an executive officer at any time during the performance period to which the incentive-based
compensation applies. The Excess Compensation that is subject to recovery under the Policy is the amount of Clawback Eligible
Incentive-Based Compensation that exceeds the amount of Clawback Eligible Incentive-Based Compensation that otherwise would have been
received had such Clawback Eligible Incentive-Based Compensation been determined based on the restated amounts (this is referred to in
the listing standards as erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation ). 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

The
following table summarizes compensation paid to all our non-employee directors for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024: 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards
 ) 
 Option Awards
 ) (1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation
 ) 
 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation
 ) 
 Total
 ) 

Sarfaraz Ali 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Alex Flesias 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Michael Pope 
 15,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 15,000 

(1) 
 Represents
 the aggregate grant date fair value for the stock options, computed in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic
 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. At August 31, 2024, the individuals included in this table had the following number
 of stock options outstanding: Mr. Ali 3,948; Mr. Flesias 11,379; and Mr. Pope 12,700. 

118 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth as of December 17, 2024 certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of the Company s
common stock by: 

each
 of the directors and the Named Executive Officers, 

all
 executive officers and directors as a group, and 

each
 person known by the Company to beneficially own more than 5 of the Company s common stock based on certain filings made under
 Section 13 of the Exchange Act. 

All
such information provided by the stockholders who are not executive officers or directors reflects their beneficial ownership as of the
dates specified in the relevant footnotes to the table. The percent of shares beneficially owned is based on 19,730,247 shares issued
and outstanding as of December 17, 2024. Unless otherwise indicated, the owners have sole voting and investment power with respect to
their respective shares. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock Owned 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors: 

Robert Mattacchione 
 1,290,858 (1) 
 6.54 
 
 Christopher David 
 485,695 (2) 
 2.46 
 
 Sarfaraz Ali 
 3,948 (3) 

Alex Flesias 
 11,380 (3) 

Michael Pope 
 12,700 (3) 

All directors and executive officers as a group (6 persons) 
 1,804,581 (4) 
 9.15 
 
 5 Stockholders: 

ALMC-ASAP Holdings, Inc. (5) 
 1,290,858 (6) 
 6.54 

(1) 
 Represents
 1,290,858 shares owned by ALMC-ASAP Holdings, Inc. ALMC ). ALMC is wholly owned by the Mattacchione Family Trust. Mr.
 Mattacchione is the trustee of the Mattacchione Family Trust, with voting and depository power over these shares. 

(2) 
 Includes
 477,000 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of vested options. 

(3)
 
 Represents
 shares that may be acquired within 60 days of December 18, 2024 upon exercise of vested options. 

(4) 
 Includes
 0 shares beneficially owned by Mr. Sethi in addition to shares beneficially owned by the Named Executive Officers and directors identified
 by name in the table. 

(5) 
 ALMC-ASAP
 Holdings, Inc. s address is 119 Westcreek Drive, Suite 1, Woodbridge Ontario Canada L4L 9N6. 

(6) 
 ALMC-ASAP
 Holdings, Inc. s shares are held by the Mattacchione Family Trust. See footnote 1 above. 

EXISTING
EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

The
table below shows information with respect to all our equity compensation plans as of August 31, 2024. 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 439,223 
 1.14 
 2,511,830 (1) 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 99,200 
 23.40 
 - 

(1)
This represents (i) 49,875 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the Company s 2015 Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2015
Plan ), (ii) 86,490 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan (the 2018
Plan ), (iii) 75,465 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan
(the 2021 Plan ), and (iv) 2,300,000 shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the Company s 2023 Equity Plan. The
Company does not intend to award any additional grants under the 2015 Plan, the 2018 Plan or the 2021 Plan. 

119 

On
September 8, 2015, the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders holding a majority of the Company s outstanding common
stock approved the 2015 Plan, which authorizes the issuance of up to 50,000 shares of common stock to employees, officers, directors
or independent consultants of the Company, provided that no person can be granted shares under the 2015 Plan for services related to
raising capital or promotional activities. As of August 31, 2024, the 2015 Plan has 49,875 shares available for award; however, the Company
does not intend to issue any additional grants under the 2015 Plan. 

On
January 16, 2018, the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders holding a majority of the Company s outstanding common
stock approved the 2018 Plan. Under the 2018 Plan, 100,000 shares of common stock are authorized for the grant of stock options and the
issuance of restricted stock, stock appreciation rights, phantom stock and performance awards to officers, directors, employees and eligible
consultants to the Company or its subsidiaries. As of August 31, 2024, the 2018 Plan has 86,490 shares available for award; however,
the Company does not intend to issue any additional grants under the 2018 Plan. 

On
February 9, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders holding a majority of the Company s outstanding common
stock approved the 2021 Plan. Under the 2021 Plan, a total of 450,000 shares of common stock are authorized for issuance pursuant to
the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units, performance shares
or other cash- or stock-based awards to officers, directors, employees and eligible consultants to the Company or its subsidiaries. Subject
to adjustment as provided in the 2021 Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued under the 2021 Plan will be cumulatively
increased on January 1, 2022 and on each subsequent January 1 through and including January 1, 2023, by a number of shares equal to the
smaller of (i) 3 of the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding December 31, or (ii) an
amount determined by our Board of Directors. The Company chose not to cumulatively increase the shares authorized for issuance under
the 2021 Plan as of January 1, 2022, 2023 or 2024. As of August 31, 2024, the 2021 Plan has 75,465 shares available for award; however,
the Company does not intend to issue any additional grants under the 2021 Plan. 

On
July 26, 2023, the Board approved, and proposed for stockholder approval, the 2023 Equity Plan. On September 29, 2023, stockholders holding
a majority of the Company s outstanding common stock approved the 2023 Equity Plan. Under the 2023 Equity Plan, a total of 2,500,000
shares of common stock are authorized for issuance pursuant to the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock,
restricted stock units, performance units, performance shares or other cash- or stock-based awards to officers, directors, employees
and eligible consultants to the Company or its subsidiaries. As of August 31, 2024, the 2023 Equity Plan has 2,300,000 shares available
for award. 

120 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

In
addition to the compensation arrangements, including employment, termination of employment and change in control arrangements and indemnification
arrangements, discussed in the sections titled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance and Executive
Compensation, the following is a description of each transaction since September 1, 2022 and each currently proposed transaction
in which: 

We
 and any subsidiaries thereof have been or will be a participant; 

the
 amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of the smaller reporting company s total assets at year-end
 for the last two completed fiscal years; and 

any
 of our directors, executive officers or beneficial owners of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any immediate family member of,
 or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

At
August 31, 2024, the Company had outstanding advances totaling 356,928 due to related parties. These related parties are stockholders,
officers and/or affiliates of the Company, as well as owners, officers and/or shareholders of the companies that provided the advances
to the Company. These amounts, owed by the Company, are payable upon demand. 

At
August 31, 2024, the Company had debentures totaling 1,141,517 including principal and interest, due to the following related parties: 

303,335
 due to Peak Health LTC Inc., a company whose owner (Pierre Dalcourt) was a director and greater than 5 shareholder of the Company,
 and 

102,849
 due to Michael Gaynor Physiotherapy PC, a company whose owner (Michael Gaynor) was an officer, director and greater than 5 shareholder
 of the Company, and 

302,267
 due to ICC Healthnet Canada, Inc., a company whose owner (Robert Mattacchione) is a greater than 5 shareholder of the Company, and 

433,065
 due to Healthnet Assessment Inc., a company whose owner (Robert Mattacchione) is a greater than 5 shareholder of the Company. 

On
September 30, 2013, the Company issued five debentures totaling CAD 6,402,512 in connection with the acquisition of certain business
assets. The holders of the debentures are current stockholders, officers and/or affiliates of the Company. The debentures are secured
by all the assets of the Company, accrue interest at 8 per annum and were originally due on September 30, 2016. On December 2, 2017,
the debenture holders agreed to extend the due date to September 30, 2019. On September 27, 2019, the debenture holders agreed to extend
the due date to September 30, 2021. On November 2, 2021, the debenture holders agreed to extend the due date to December 1, 2023. 

On
January 31, 2018, the debenture holders converted 75 of the debenture value of 3,894,809 plus accrued interest of 414,965 into 104,759
shares of the Company s common stock. The per share price used for the conversion of each debenture was 41.10 which was determined
based on the average price of the five trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion with a 10 premium added to the calculated
per share price. At August 31, 2024, the principal amount of debentures outstanding was 913,598. 

Amounts
loaned to the Company by stockholders and officers of the Company are payable upon demand. At August 31, 2024 and 2023, the amount due
to related parties was 356,928 and 533,001, respectively. 

121 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table shows the fees that were billed for the audit and other services provided by Fruci Associates II, PLLC Fruci ),
the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 169,593 
 165,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees (4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 169,593 
 165,000 

(1) 
 Audit
 Fees - This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our Quarterly
 Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with
 engagements for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a
 result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements. 

(2) 
 Audit-Related
 Fees - This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are
 reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit
 Fees. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include historical audits of the businesses acquired, consultation
 regarding our correspondence with the SEC, other accounting consulting and other audit services. 

(3) 
 Tax
 Fees - This category consists of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax
 compliance and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax
 advice. 

(4) 
 All
 Other Fees - This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

Board
of Directors Pre-Approval Process, Policies and Procedures 

All
audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm must be pre-approved. These services
may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one
year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of service. The independent registered public accounting
firm and management periodically report to the board of directors regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered
public accounting firm. Consistent with the board of directors policy, all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by
our independent registered public accounting firm were pre-approved by our board of directors. 

122 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Document 

2.1 
 
 Membership
 Interest Purchase Agreement dated March 17, 2022, by and among Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc., Clinical Consultants International
 LLC, each of the members of CCI and Dr. Joseph Chalil (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 23, 2022). 

3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 5, 2017). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment filed by the registrant with the Nevada Secretary of State on November 9, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 30, 2020). 

3.3 
 
 Termination
 of Amendment filed by the registrant with the Nevada Secretary of State on November 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 30, 2020). 

3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment filed by the registrant with the Nevada Secretary of State on November 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 30, 2020). 

3.5 
 
 Termination
 of Amendment filed by the registrant with the Nevada Secretary of State on December 4, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 9, 2020). 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment filed by the registrant with the Nevada Secretary of State on December 4, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 9, 2020). 

3.7 
 
 Bylaws dated February 15, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 7, 2017). 

3.8 
 
 Amendment to the registrant s bylaws, dated September 27, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 27, 2023). 

3.9 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, as amended, filed by the registrant with the Nevada Secretary of State on November 1, 2023 effective as of November 6, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-280722) filed with the SEC on July 8, 2024). 

4.1 
 
 Description of registrant s securities. 

4.2 
 
 Guaranty Agreement dated September 24, 2019 by and between the registrant, Fitness International, LLC and Fitness Sports Clubs, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 30, 2019). 

4.3 
 
 Guaranty Agreement dated September 24, 2019 by and between the registrant and LAF Canada Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 30, 2019). 

4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 9, 2021). 

4.5 
 
 Guaranty Agreement dated December 15, 2021 by and between the registrant and LAF Canada Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on January 18, 2022). 

4.6 
 
 Form of Three Year Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 18, 2022). 

4.7 
 
 Form of Five Year Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 18, 2022). 

4.8 
 
 Warrant Agency Agreement, dated October 18, 2022, by and between the registrant and Pacific Stock Transfer Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 18, 2022). 

4.9 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated as of February 23, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 1, 2023). 

123 

4.10 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated as of March 21, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 27, 2023). 

4.11 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated as of June 20, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 26, 2023). 

10.1+ 
 
 2015 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-8 filed with the Commission on September 8, 2015). 

10.2 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated April 25, 2017 by and between Turbine Truck Engines, Inc., Novo Healthnet Limited, ALMC-ASAP Holdings Inc., Michael Gaynor Family Trust, 1218814 Ontario Inc. and Michael Gaynor Physiotherapy Professional Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1, 2017). 

10.3 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Share Exchange Agreement dated as of May 3, 2017 by and between Turbine Truck Engines, Inc., Novo Healthnet Limited, ALMC-ASAP Holdings Inc., Michael Gaynor Family Trust, 1218814 Ontario Inc. and Michael Gaynor Physiotherapy Professional Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 9, 2017). 

10.4+ 
 
 Option to Purchase Common Stock, dated July 12, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 18, 2017). 

10.5+ 
 
 Option to Purchase Common Stock dated December 29, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 3, 2018). 

10.6+ 
 
 Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 22, 2018). 

10.7+ 
 
 Amendment to Option #21 of Christopher David dated as of April 20, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 24, 2018). 

10.8+ 
 
 Amendment to Option #23 of Christopher David dated as of April 20, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 24, 2018). 

10.9+ 
 
 Amendment to Option #24 of Christopher David dated as of April 20, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 24, 2018). 

10.10 
 
 Agreement of Transfer and Assignment dated January 8, 2019 by and between the registrant and 2478659 Ontario Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on January 11, 2019). 

10.11 
 
 Proposal for Joint Venture dated September 11, 2019 between the registrant and Harvest Gold Farms, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 17, 2019). 

10.12 
 
 Master Facility License Agreement dated September 24, 2019 by and between Novomerica Health Group Inc., Fitness International, LLC, and Fitness Sports Clubs, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 30, 2019). 

124 

10.13 
 
 Amendment to Master Facility License Agreement, entered into as of February 4, 2020, by and between Fitness International, LLC and Novomerica Health Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 10, 2020). 

10.14 
 
 Master Facility License Agreement dated September 24, 2019 by and between Novo Healthnet Limited, Inc. and LAF Canada Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 30, 2019). 

10.15 
 
 First Amendment to Master Facility License Agreement, entered into as of February 4, 2020, by and between LAF Canada Company and Novo Health Limited, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 10, 2020). 

10.16+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated August 6, 2020 between the registrant and Christopher David (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 12, 2020). 

10.17+ 
 
 Option Agreement #32 of Christopher David dated August 6, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 12, 2020). 

10.18+ 
 
 Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2018 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 22, 2018). 

10.19+ 
 
 Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 16, 2021). 

10.20 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 9, 2021). 

10.21 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2021, by and among the registrant, PRO-DIP, LLC, Peter St. Lawrence and George St. Lawrence (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 17, 2021). 

10.22 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2021, by and among Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc., Novo Healthnet Limited, Acenzia Inc., Ambour Holdings Inc., Avec8 Holdings Inc., Indrajit Sinha, Grant Bourdeau and Derrick Bourdeau (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 3, 2021). 

10.23+ 
 
 Executive Agreement, dated June 18, 2021, by and between the registrant and GPE Global Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 21, 2021). 

10.24 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Share Exchange Agreement entered into and effective as of September 22, 2021, by and between the registrant, Novo Healthnet Limited, Acenzia Inc., Avec8 Holdings Inc., Ambour Holdings Inc., Indrajit Sinha, Grant Bourdeau, and Derrick Bourdeau (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 23, 2021). 

10.25 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Share Exchange Agreement entered into and effective as of October 7, 2021, by and between the registrant, Novo Healthnet Limited, Acenzia Inc., Avec8 Holdings Inc., Ambour Holdings Inc., Indrajit Sinha, Grant Bourdeau, and Derrick Bourdeau (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 14, 2021). 

125 

10.26 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Share Exchange Agreement entered into and effective as of October 22, 2021, by and between the registrant, Novo Healthnet Limited, Acenzia Inc., Avec8 Holdings Inc., Ambour Holdings Inc., Indrajit Sinha, Grant Bourdeau, and Derrick Bourdeau (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 28, 2021). 

10.27 
 
 Letter Agreement dated November 2, 2021 by and between Novo Healthnet Limited and Healthnet Assessments Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 14, 2021). 

10.28 
 
 Letter Agreement dated November 2, 2021 by and between Novo Healthnet Limited and ICC Healthnet Canada Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 14, 2021). 

10.29 
 
 Letter Agreement dated November 2, 2021 by and between Novo Healthnet Limited and Peak Health LTC Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 14, 2021). 

10.30 
 
 Letter Agreement dated November 2, 2021 by and between Novo Healthnet Limited and Michael Gaynor Physiotherapy Professional Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 14, 2021). 

10.31 
 
 Letter Agreement dated November 2, 2021 by and between Novo Healthnet Limited and Peak Health LTC Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 14, 2021). 

10.32 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2021, by and among the registrant, Novo Healthnet Limited, Terragenx Inc., TMS Inc., Shawn Mullins, Claude Fournier, and The Coles Optimum Health and Vitality Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 24, 2021). 

10.33 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2021, by and between the registrant and Terence Mullins (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 24, 2021). 

10.34 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2021, by and among the registrant, Terragenx Inc. and Jefferson Street Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 24, 2021). 

10.35 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2021, by and among the registrant, Terragenx Inc. and Platinum Point Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 24, 2021). 

10.36 
 
 Amended and Restated Master Facility License Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and between LAF Canada Company and Novo Healthnet Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on January 18, 2022). 

10.37+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement dated as of April 5, 2022 by and between the registrant and Dr. Joseph Mathew Chalil April 7, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 7, 2022). 

10.38 
 
 Exchange Offer and Amendment, dated as of November 14, 2022, by and between the registrant and CVI Investments, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 15, 2022). 

126 

10.39 
 
 Exchange Offer and Amendment, dated as of November 14, 2022, by and between the registrant and Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 15, 2022). 

10.40 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of February 23, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 1, 2023). 

10.41 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 1, 2023). 

10.42 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of March 21, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 27, 2023). 

10.43 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 27, 2023). 

10.44+ 
 
 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023). 

10.45 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2023, by and between the registrant and RC Consulting Group LLC in favor of SCP Tourbillion Monaco (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 27, 2023). 

10.46 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of April 26, 2023, issued by the registrant to RC Consulting Group LLC in favor of SCP Tourbillion Monaco. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 27, 2023) 

10.47 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of June 20, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 26, 2023). 

10.48 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 26, 2023). 

10.49 
 
 Separation and General Release Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc., Jim Zsebok, and RTZ Consulting Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 3, 2023). 

10.50 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of September 12, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 18, 2023). 

10.51 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 18, 2023). 

10.52 
 
 Guaranty, dated as of September 12, 2023, by and between Acenzia Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 18, 2023). 

127 

10.53 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of September 18, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 22, 2023). 

10.54 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 18, 2023, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 22, 2023). 

10.55 
 
 Guaranty, dated as of September 18, 2023, by and between Acenzia Inc. and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 22, 2023). 

10.56 
 
 Master (Asset Transfer) Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2023, by and between the registrant and Blacksheep Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 28, 2023). 

10.57 
 
 Limited Waiver dated as of February 16, 2024 by and between the registrant and RC Consulting Group LLC in favor of SCP Tourbillion Monaco (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 20, 2024) 

10.58 
 
 Assignment of Security Purchase Agreement and Promissory Note, dated March 18, 2024, by and among the registrant, RC Consulting Group LLC and RC Consulting Consortium Group LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 18, 2024). 

10.59 
 
 Limited Waiver, dated March 19, 2024, by RC Consulting Consortium Group LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 19, 2024). 

10.60 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of April 5, 2024, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and Streeterville Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 11, 2024). 

10.61 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2024, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and Streeterville Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 11, 2024). 

10.62 
 
 Security Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2024, by and between Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. and Streeterville Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 11, 2024). 

10.63 
 
 Guaranty, dated as of April 5, 2024, by and between Acenzia Inc. and Streeterville Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 11, 2024). 

10.64 
 
 Guaranty, dated as of April 5, 2024, by and between Novo Healthnet Limited and Streeterville Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 11, 2024). 

10.65 
 
 Amendment, dated June 3, 2024, by RC Consulting Consortium Group LLC in favor of SCP Tourbillion Monaco and the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 3, 2024). 

10.66+ 
 
 Amendment to Executive Agreement, dated June 18, 2024, by and between the registrant and GPE Global Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 25, 2024). 

10.67+ 
 
 Amendment to Executive Agreement, dated June 18, 2024, by and between the registrant and Christipher David (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 25, 2024). 

10.68 
 
 First Amendment to the Transaction Documents, dated as of June 23, 2024, by and between the registrant and Streeterville Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 27, 2024). 

128 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Fruci Associates II PLLC, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

97.1 
 
 Compensation Recovery Policy dated November 22, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97.1 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 
 
 + 
 Management
 contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item
16. Form 10 K Summary. 

Not
applicable. 

129 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NOVO
 INTEGRATED SCIENCES, INC. 

Dated:
 December 18, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert Mattacchione 

Robert
 Mattacchione, Chief Executive Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each individual whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Robert Mattacchione and Christopher
David, and each of them individually, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and re-substitution
for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign any and all amendments to the Annual Report
on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact or his substitute may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
thereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Dated:
 December 18, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert Mattacchione 

Robert
 Mattacchione, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

(principal
 executive officer) 

Dated:
 December 18, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Vivek Sethi 

Vivek
 Sethi, Principal Financial Officer 

(principal
 financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

Dated:
 December 18, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Christopher David 

Christopher
 David, Director 

Dated:
 December 18, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Michael Pope 

Michael
 Pope, Director 

Dated:
 December 18, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Alex Flesias 

Alex
 Flesias, Director 

Dated:
 December 18, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Sarfaraz Ali 

Sarfaraz
 Ali, Director 

130 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL
STOCK 

The following description
of our capital stock is based upon our amended and restated articles of incorporation and our bylaws and applicable provisions of law,
in each case as currently in effect. This discussion does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to
our amended and restated articles of incorporation, and our bylaws, copies of which have been filed with the SEC. 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated articles of incorporation, as amended, our authorized capital stock consists of 500,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting
of 499,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.001 par value per share.
As of December 17, 2024, we had 19,730,247 shares of common stock issued and outstanding and no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.
We had approximately 550 active holders of record of our common stock as of December 17, 2024. 

The Board may from time to
time authorize by resolution the issuance of any or all shares of the common stock and the preferred stock authorized in accordance with
the terms and conditions set forth in the amended and restated articles of incorporation for such purposes, in such amounts, to such persons,
corporations, or entities, for such consideration and in the case of the Preferred Stock, in one or more series, all as the Board in its
discretion may determine and without any vote or other action by the stockholders, except as otherwise required by law. 

Common Stock 

Holders of the Company s
common stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. Holders of common stock do not have
cumulative voting rights. Therefore, holders of a majority of the shares of common stock voting for the election of directors can elect
all of the directors. Holders of the Company s common stock representing a majority of the voting power of the Company s capital
stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting
of stockholders. 

Holders of the Company s
common stock are entitled to share in all dividends that our Board of Directors, in its discretion, declares from legally available funds.
In the event of liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, each outstanding share entitles its holder to participate pro rata in all assets
that remain after payment of liabilities and after providing for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock.
The Company s common stock has no pre-emptive rights, no conversion rights and there are no redemption provisions applicable to
the Company s common stock. 

Preferred Stock 

The total number of authorized
shares of preferred stock is 1,000,000 shares with par value of 0.001 per share. The powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations
and restrictions pertaining to the Preferred Stock, or any series thereof, shall be such as may be fixed, from time to time, by the Board
in its sole discretion, authority to do so being hereby expressly vested in the Board. As of December 18, 2024, there are no classes of
preferred stock designated, authorized, issued or outstanding. The authority of the Board with respect to each such series of Preferred
Stock will include, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the determination of any or all of the following: 

(i) The number of shares of any
series and the designation to distinguish the shares of such series from the shares of all other series; 

(ii) the voting powers, if any,
of the shares of such series and whether such voting powers are full or limited; 

(iii) the redemption provisions,
if any, applicable to such series, including the redemption price or prices to be paid; 

(iv) whether dividends, if any,
will be cumulative or noncumulative, the dividend rate or rates of such series and the dates and preferences of dividends on such series; 

(v) the rights of such series
upon the voluntary or involuntary dissolution of, or upon any distribution of the assets of, the Corporation; 

(vi) the provisions, if any, pursuant
to which the shares of such series are convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or classes or of any other series
of the same or any other class or classes of stock, or any other security, of the Corporation or any other corporation or other entity,
and the rates or other determinants of conversion or exchange applicable thereto; 

(vii) the right, if any, to subscribe
for or to purchase any securities of the Corporation or any other corporation or other entity; 

(viii) the provisions, if any,
of a sinking fund applicable to such series; and 

(ix) any other relative, participating,
optional or other powers, preferences or rights, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of such series. 

The shares of each class
or series of the preferred stock may vary from the shares of any other class or series thereof in any respect. The Board of Directors
may increase the number of shares of the preferred stock designated for any existing class or series by a resolution adding to such class
or series authorized and unissued shares of the preferred stock not designated for any existing class or series of the preferred stock
and the shares so subtracted shall become authorized, unissued and undesignated shares of the preferred stock. 

Cash Dividends 

As of December 16, 2024,
we have not paid any cash dividends to stockholders. The declaration of any future cash dividend will be at the discretion of our Board
of Directors and will depend upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, the general economic conditions,
and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest
earnings, if any, in our business operations. 

Exclusive Forum Provision 

Section 22(a) of our amended
and restated articles of incorporation provide that [u]nless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action
asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation
or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) an action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the NRS, or (iv) any action
asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, shall be a state or federal court located within the state of Nevada, in
all cases subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. 

This provision would
not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act, Exchange Act or any other claim for which the
U.S. federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

This choice of forum provision
may limit a shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors,
officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. Alternatively, a
court could find these provisions of our amended and restated articles of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in respect
of one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, which may require us to incur additional costs associated with resolving
such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Anti-Takeover Effects
of Certain Provisions of Our Bylaws 

Provisions of our bylaws
could make it more difficult to acquire us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest, open market purchases, removal of incumbent
directors and otherwise. These provisions, which are summarized below, are expected to discourage types of coercive takeover practices
and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with us. We believe that the
benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to
acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging takeover or acquisition proposals because negotiation of these proposals
could result in an improvement of their terms. 

Removal of Directors.
 Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that any director may be removed from office only by the affirmative vote
of the holders of not less than two-thirds (2/3) of the voting power of the issued and outstanding stock entitled to vote. 

Vacancies on the Board .
Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number
of directors, or any vacancies on the Board resulting from death, resignation, removal, or other causes, shall be filled solely by the
quorum of the Board. 

Bylaws. Our bylaws
authorize the Board of Directors to amend the bylaws by a majority vote of the Board. Our stockholders may amend the bylaws by a majority
vote of all issued and outstanding shares of our stock and, from time to time, may specify particular provisions of the bylaws which shall
not be amended by the Board of Directors. 

Calling of Special Meetings
of Stockholders. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provides that a special meeting of the stockholders of the Company
for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the President or the Secretary of the Company by resolution of the Board of Directors
or at the request in writing of stockholders owning a majority in amount of the entire capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled
to vote. 

Effects of authorized
but unissued common stock and blank check preferred stock. One of the effects of the existence of authorized but unissued common stock
and undesignated preferred stock may be to enable our Board of Directors to make more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain
control of our Company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and thereby to protect the continuity of management.
If, in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, the Board of Directors were to determine that a takeover proposal was not in our
best interest, such shares could be issued by the Board of Directors without stockholder approval in one or more transactions that might
prevent or render more difficult or costly the completion of the takeover transaction by diluting the voting or other rights of the proposed
acquirer or insurgent stockholder group, by putting a substantial voting block in institutional or other hands that might undertake to
support the position of the incumbent Board of Directors, by effecting an acquisition that might complicate or preclude the takeover,
or otherwise. 

In addition, our amended
and restated article of incorporation grants our Board of Directors broad power to establish the rights and preferences of authorized
and unissued shares of preferred stock. The issuance of shares of preferred stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available
for distribution to holders of shares of common stock. The issuance also may adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting
rights, of those holders and may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of our Company. 

Cumulative Voting. 
Our amended and restated articles of incorporation do not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would allow
holders of less than a majority of the stock to elect some directors. 

Indemnification of Directors
and Officers 

The Company s amended
and restated articles of incorporation provide that no director or officer of the Company shall be personally liable to the Company or
any of its stockholders for damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer of for any act or omission of any such director
or officer; however such indemnification shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director or officer for (a) acts or omissions
which involve intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law or (b) the payment of dividends in violation of Section 78.300
of the Nevada Revised Statutes. The Company s Bylaws provide that any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a
party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by
reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company (or is or was serving at the request
of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise)
shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law against expenses including attorneys 
fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such proceeding. 

The Bylaws also provide that
the Company must indemnify any person who was or is a party, or is threatened to be made a party, to any threatened, pending or completed
proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director,
officer, employee or agent of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, or agent
of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against costs incurred by such person in connection with
the defense or settlement of such action or suit. Such indemnification may not be made for any claim, issue or matter as to which such
person has been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals, to be liable to the Company or for amounts
paid in settlement to the Company, unless and only to the extent that the court determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances
of the case, the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper. 

The Bylaws provide that the
Company must pay the costs incurred by any person entitled to indemnification in defending a proceeding as such costs are incurred and
in advance of the final disposition of a proceeding; provided however, that the Company must pay such costs only upon receipt of an undertaking
by or on behalf of such person to repay the amount if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that such person
is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company. 

The Bylaws provide that the
Company may purchase and maintain insurance or make other financial arrangements on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise in accordance with Section 78.752 of the Nevada Revised Statutes. 

Nevada Revised Statutes 78.751
and 78.7502 have provisions that provide for discretionary and mandatory indemnification of officers, directors, employees, and agents
of a corporation. Under these provisions, such persons may be indemnified by a corporation against expenses, including attorney s
fees, judgment, fines and amounts paid in settlement, actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the action, suit or proceeding,
if he is not liable pursuant to Section 78.138 of the Nevada Revised Statutes or he acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding had no
reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. 

To the extent that a director,
officer, employee or agent has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding, or in defense
of any claim, issue or matter, the Nevada Revised Statues provide that he must be indemnified by the Company against expenses, including
attorney s fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense. 

Section 78.751 of the Nevada
Revised Statues also provides that any discretionary indemnification, unless ordered by a court or advanced by the Company, may be made
only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper
in the circumstances. The determination must be made: 

By the stockholders; 

By the Company s
Board of Directors by majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to that act, suit or proceeding; 

If a majority vote of
a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the act, suit or proceeding cannot be obtained, by independent legal counsel
in a written opinion; or 

If a quorum consisting
of directors who were not parties to the act, suit or proceeding cannot be obtained, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion. 

Insofar as the limitation
of, or indemnification for, liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers, or persons controlling
us pursuant to the foregoing, or otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, such limitation or indemnification is
against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

Our Transfer Agent 

The transfer agent is Pacific
Stock Transfer Company. The transfer agent s address is 6725 Via Austi Parkway, Suite 300, Las Vegas, Nevada 89119. The transfer
agent s telephone (702) 361-3033. 

We have agreed to indemnify
Pacific Stock Transfer Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers
and employees against all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees that may arise out of acts performed or
omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of
the indemnified person or entity. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit 21.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

The following is a list of the direct and indirect
subsidiaries of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. as of August 31, 2024. 

Company 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation or 
 Organization 
 
 Novo Healthnet Limited (1) 
 
 Ontario, Canada 
 
 Novomerica Health Group, Inc. (1) 
 
 Nevada 
 
 PRO-DIP, LLC (1) 
 
 New York 
 
 Acenzia, Inc. (2) 
 
 Ontario, Canada 
 
 Terragenx Inc. (3) 
 
 Canada 
 
 Clinical Consultants International LLC (1) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Novo Healthnet Rehab Limited (1) 
 
 Ontario, Canada 
 
 Novo Assessments Inc. (1) 
 
 Ontario, Canada 
 
 Novo Healthnet Kemptville Centre, Inc. (4) 
 
 Ontario, Canada 
 
 12858461 Canada Corp. (5) 
 
 Canada 

(1) 
 100 owned subsidiary of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. 

(2) 
 100 owned subsidiary of Novo Healthnet Limited 

(3) 
 91 owned subsidiary by Novo Healthnet Limited 

(4) 
 80 owned subsidiary of Novo Healthnet Limited 

(5) 
 50.1 owned by Novo Healthnet Limited 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Offering Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-267401 and File No. 333-280722), Form S-3
(File No. 333-26436), and Form S-8 (File No. 333-282277, File No. 333-253289, File No. 333-22686, and File No. 333-206805) of our
audit report dated December 18, 2024, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. as of August
31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash
flows for each of the years then ended. Our report relating to those financial statements includes an emphasis of matter paragraph regarding
substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Fruci
 Associates II, PLLC PCAOB ID #05525 

 Spokane,
Washington 

 December
18, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Robert Mattacchione, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 18, 2024 

/s/ Robert Mattacchione 

Robert Mattacchione 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Vivek Sethi, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b) designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 18, 2024 

/s/ Vivek Sethi 

Vivek Sethi 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K
of Novo Integrated Sciences, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Robert Mattacchione, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Vivek Sethi, Principal
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 18, 2024 
 /s/ Robert Mattacchione 

Robert Mattacchione, Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

/s/ Vivek Sethi 

Vivek Sethi, Principal Financial Officer 

This certification accompanies this Annual Report
on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed
filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such
certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 nvos-20240831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 nvos-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 nvos-20240831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 nvos-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

