<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241015_10-K_edgar_data_1422892_0001213900-24-087619.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9501122</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>240684</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2102331</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2584035</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2099710</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2236073</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-087619.hdr.sgml : 20241015
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241015115825
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-087619
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241015
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241015

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Singularity Future Technology Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001422892
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ARRANGEMENT OF TRANSPORTATION OF FREIGHT & CARGO [4731]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				113588546
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34024
		FILM NUMBER:		241370771

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		98 CUTTER MILL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 322
		CITY:			GREAT NECK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11021
		BUSINESS PHONE:		718-888-1814

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		98 CUTTER MILL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 322
		CITY:			GREAT NECK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11021

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080107

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-087619.txt : 20241015

10-K
 1
 ea0217304-10k_singularity.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulations S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of voting common stock
held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2024, the last business day of the registrant s fiscal 2024, was approximately
 . 

The number of shares of common stock outstanding
as of October 15, 2024 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

. 

SINGULARITY
FUTURE TECHNOLOGY LTD. 

FORM
10-K 

INDEX 

Introduction 
 ii 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 iii 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 
 
 Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 20 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 20 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 21 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation 
 21 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 30 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 30 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 30 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 30 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 31 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 31 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 32 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 35 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 37 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 39 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 40 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 41 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 41 

i 

INTRODUCTION 

Unless
the context otherwise requires, in this annual report on Form 10-K (this Report ): 

We, 
 us, our, and our Company refer to Singularity Future Technology Ltd., a Virginia company incorporated
in September 2007, and all of its direct and indirect consolidated subsidiaries; 

Singularity 
refers to Singularity Future Technology, Ltd; 

Sino-China 
refers to Sino-Global Shipping Agency Ltd., a Chinese legal entity; 

PRC 
refers to the People s Republic of China, excluding Taiwan for the purpose of this Report; 

US 
or U.S. refers to the United States of America; 

RMB 
or Renminbi refers to the legal currency of China, and or U.S. dollars refers to the legal
currency of the United States. 

Names
of certain PRC companies provided in this Report are translated or transliterated from their original PRC legal names. Discrepancies,
if any, in any table between the amounts identified as total amounts and the sum of the amounts listed therein are due to rounding. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Report contains certain statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ). Such forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements regarding our projected growth,
trends and strategies, future operating and financial results, financial expectations and current business indicators are based upon
current information and expectations and are subject to change based on factors beyond our control. Forward-looking statements typically
are identified by the use of terms such as look, may, will, should, might, 
 believe, plan, expect, anticipate, estimate and similar words,
although some forward-looking statements are expressed differently. The accuracy of such statements may be impacted by a number of business
risks and uncertainties we face that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated, including
but not limited to the following: 

our
ability to timely and properly deliver our services; 

our
dependence on a limited number of major customers and suppliers; 

current
and future political and economic factors in the United States and China and the relationship between the two countries; the Chinese
government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we conduct our business activities in the PRC and may intervene or influence
our operations at any time with little advance notice, which could result in a material change in our operations and the value of our
common stock 

unanticipated
changes in general market conditions or other factors which may result in cancellations or reductions in the need for our services; 

demand
for warehouse, shipping and logistics services; 

foreign
currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

possible
disruptions in commercial activities caused by events such as natural disasters, health epidemics, terrorist activity and armed conflict; 

our
ability to identify and successfully execute cost control initiatives; 

the
impact of quotas, tariffs or safeguards on our customer s products; 

our
ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified management team members and skilled personnel; 

relevant
 governmental policies and regulations relating to our businesses; 

developments
 in, or changes to, laws, regulations, governmental policies, incentives and taxation affecting our operations; 

our
 reputation and ability to do business may be impacted by the improper conduct of our employees, agents or business partners; and 

the
 outcome of litigation or investigations in which we are involved is unpredictable, and an adverse decision in any such matter could
 have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and equity. 

Readers
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes
no obligation to update the forward-looking statements. Nonetheless, the Company may make such updates from time to time by press release,
periodic report or other method of public disclosure without the need for specific reference to this Report. No such update shall be
deemed to indicate that other statements not addressed by such update remain correct or create an obligation to provide any other updates. 

iii 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Overview 

We
are a global logistics integrated solution provider that was founded in the United States in 2001. On September 18, 2007, the Company
merged into a new corporation, Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd. in Virginia. On January 3, 2022, the Company changed its corporate
name to Singularity Future Technology Ltd. to reflect its expanded operations into the digital assets business. Currently, we primarily
focus on providing freight logistics services, which mainly include shipping, warehouse services and other logistical support to steel
companies. 

In
2017, we began exploring new opportunities to expand our business and generate more revenue. These opportunities ranged from complementary
businesses to other new service and product initiatives. In the fiscal year 2022, while we continued to provide our traditional freight
logistics business, we expanded our services to include warehousing services provided by our U.S. subsidiary Brilliant Warehouse Service
Inc. 

We
are currently engaged in providing freight logistics services including warehouse services, which are operated by our subsidiaries Trans
Pacific Shipping Limited in China and Gorgeous Trading Ltd. and Brilliant Warehouse Service Inc in the United States. Our range of services
include transportation, warehouse, collection, last-mile delivery, drop shipping, customs clearance, and overseas transit delivery. 

As
a holding company with no material operations, conduct substantially all of our operations through subsidiaries established in the United
States, the People s Republic of China (the PRC or China and Hong Kong. However, neither the holding
company nor any of the Company s Chinese subsidiaries conduct any operations through contractual arrangements with a variable interest
entity based in China. Investors in our common stock should be aware that they may never directly hold equity interests in the PRC operating
entities, but rather equity interests solely in Singularity, our Virginia holding company. Furthermore, shareholders may face difficulties
enforcing their legal rights under United States securities laws against our directors and officers who are located outside of the United
States. 

The
diagram below shows our corporate structure as of the date of this report. 

Unless
 otherwise indicated in the diagram, all the subsidiaries of the Company are wholly owned. 

1 

As
of June 30, 2024, the Company s subsidiaries were as follows: 

Name 
 
 Background 
 
 Ownership 
 
 Sino-Global
 Shipping New York Inc. SGS NY 

A
 New York corporation 
 
 100 
 owned by the Company 

Incorporated
 on May 03, 2013 

Primarily
 engaged in freight logistics services 

Sino-Global
 Shipping HK Ltd. SGS HK 

A
 Hong Kong corporation 
 
 100 
 owned by the Company 

Incorporated
 on September 22, 2008 

No
 material operations 

Trans
 Pacific Shipping Ltd. Trans Pacific Beijing 

A
 PRC limited liability company 
 
 100 
 owned by the Company 

Incorporated
 on November 13, 2007. 

Primarily
 engaged in freight logistics services 

Trans
 Pacific Logistic Shanghai Ltd. Trans Pacific Shanghai 

A
 PRC limited liability company 
 
 90 
 owned by Trans Pacific Beijing 

Incorporated
 on May 31, 2009 

Primarily
 engaged in freight logistics services 

No
 material operations 

Gorgeous
 Trading Ltd Gorgeous Trading 

A
 Texas corporation 
 
 100 
 owned by SGS NY 

Incorporated
 on July 01, 2021 

Primarily
 engaged in warehouse related services 

Brilliant
 Warehouse Service Inc. Brilliant Warehouse 

A
 Texas corporation 
 
 51 
 owned by SGS NY 

Incorporated
 on April 19, 2021 

Primarily
 engaged in warehouse house related services 

Phi
 Electric Motor In. Phi 

A
New York Corporation 
 Incorporated
on August 30, 2021 
 No operations 
 
 51 
 owned by SGS NY 

SG
 Shipping Risk Solution Inc, SGSR 

A
 New York corporation 
 
 100 
 owned by the Company 

Incorporated
 on September 29, 2021 

No
 material operations 

SG
 Link LLC SG Link 

A
 New York corporation 
 
 100 
 owned by SG Shipping Risk Solution Inc 

Incorporated
 on December 23, 2021 

No
 material operations 

New
 Energy Tech Limited New Energy 

A
 New York corporation 
 
 100 
 owned by the Company 

Incorporated
 on September 19, 2023 

No
 material operations 

Singularity
 (Shenzhen) Technology Ltd. 

A
 Mainland China corporation 
 
 100 
 owned by the Company 
 
 SGS Shenzhen 

Incorporated
 on September 4, 2023 

No
 material operations 

2 

Our
equity structure is a direct holding structure. Within our direct holding structure, the cross-border transfer of funds within our corporate
entities is legal and compliant with the laws and regulations of the PRC. After the foreign investors funds enter Singularity,
the funds can be directly transferred to the PRC operating companies through its subsidiaries. Specifically, Singularity is permitted
under the Virginia laws to provide funding to our subsidiaries in the PRC and Hong Kong through loans or capital contributions without
restrictions on the amount of the funds, subject to satisfaction of applicable government registration, approval and filing requirements.
Current PRC regulations permit our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to the Company only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined
in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. As of the date hereof, there have not been any transfers, dividends
or distributions made between the holding company, its subsidiaries, and to investors. Furthermore, as of the date hereof, no cash generated
from one subsidiary is used to fund another subsidiary s operations and we do not anticipate any difficulties or limitations on
our ability to transfer cash between subsidiaries. We have also not installed any cash management policies that dictate the amount of
such funds and how such funds are transferred. For the foreseeable future, we intend to use the earnings for our business operations
and as a result, we do not intend to distribute earnings or pay any cash dividends. 

To
address persistent capital outflows and the RMB s depreciation against the U.S. dollar in the fourth quarter of 2016, the People s
Bank of China and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, have implemented a series of capital control measures in the
subsequent months, including stricter vetting procedures for China-based companies to remit foreign currency for overseas acquisitions,
dividend payments and shareholder loan repayments. The PRC government may continue to strengthen its capital controls and our PRC subsidiaries 
dividends and other distributions may be subject to tightened scrutiny in the future. The PRC government also imposes controls on the
conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC. Therefore, we may experience difficulties
in completing the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency for the payment of dividends from our profits,
if any. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries in the PRC incur debt on their own in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict
their ability to pay dividends or make other payments. 

In
addition, the Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules provide that a withholding tax at a rate of 10 will be applicable
to dividends payable by Chinese companies to non-PRC-resident enterprises unless reduced under treaties or arrangements between the PRC
central government and the governments of other countries or regions where the non-PRC resident enterprises are tax resident. Pursuant
to the tax agreement between Mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, the withholding tax rate in respect to the
payment of dividends by a PRC enterprise to a Hong Kong enterprise may be reduced to 5 from a standard rate of 10 . However, if the
relevant tax authorities determine that our transactions or arrangements are for the primary purpose of enjoying a favorable tax treatment,
the relevant tax authorities may adjust the favorable withholding tax in the future. Accordingly, there is no assurance that the reduced
5 withholding rate will apply to dividends received by our Hong Kong subsidiary from our PRC subsidiaries. This withholding tax will
reduce the amount of dividends we may receive from our PRC subsidiaries. 

Because
some of our operations are located in the PRC through our subsidiaries, we are subject to certain legal and operational risks associated
with our operations in China, including changes in the legal, political and economic policies of the Chinese government, the relations
between China and the U.S, or Chinese or U.S regulations may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. PRC laws and regulations governing our current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain, and therefore, these
risks may result in a material change in our operations and the value of our common stock, or could significantly limit or completely
hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly
decline or be worthless. Recently, the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations
in China with little advance notice, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over
China-based companies listed overseas using a variable interest entity structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity
reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. 

3 

We
believe that we will not be subject to cybersecurity review with the Cyberspace Administration of China, or the CAC, , since
we currently do not have over one million users personal information and do not anticipate that we will be collecting over one
million users personal information in the foreseeable future, which we understand might otherwise subject us to the Cybersecurity
Review Measures. We do not believe that our subsidiaries are directly subject to these regulatory actions or statements, as we have not
implemented any monopolistic behavior and our business does not involve the collection of user data or implicate cybersecurity. As of
the date hereof, no relevant laws or regulations in the PRC explicitly require us to seek approval from the China Securities Regulatory
Commission, or the CSRC, or any other PRC governmental authorities for future offerings, nor has our Virginia holding company or any
of our subsidiaries received any inquiry, notice, warning or sanctions regarding previous offerings from the CSRC or any other PRC governmental
authorities. However, on February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated Trial Administrative Measures of the Overseas Securities Offering and
Listing by Domestic Companies (the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and five relevant guidelines, which became effective
on March 31, 2023. According to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, PRC domestic companies that seek to offer and list securities in
overseas markets, either in direct or indirect means, are required to fulfill the filing procedure with the CSRC and report relevant
information. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures provides that an overseas listing or offering is explicitly prohibited, if any of the
following: (1) such securities offering and listing is explicitly prohibited by provisions in laws, administrative regulations and relevant
state rules; (2) the intended securities offering and listing may endanger national security as reviewed and determined by competent
authorities under the State Council in accordance with law; (3) the domestic company intending to make the securities offering and listing,
or its controlling shareholder(s) and the actual controller, have committed relevant crimes such as corruption, bribery, embezzlement,
misappropriation of property or undermining the order of the socialist market economy during the latest three years; (4) the domestic
company intending to make the securities offering and listing is currently under investigations for suspicion of criminal offenses or
major violations of laws and regulations, and no conclusion has yet been made thereof; or (5) there are material ownership disputes over
equity held by the domestic company s controlling shareholder(s) or by other shareholder(s) that are controlled by the controlling
shareholder(s) and/or actual controller. 

The
Overseas Listing Trial Measures also provide that if the issuer meets both the following criteria, the overseas securities offering and
listing conducted by such issuer will be deemed as indirect overseas offering by PRC domestic companies: (1) 50 or more of any of the
issuer s operating revenue, total profit, total assets or net assets as documented in its audited consolidated financial statements
for the most recent fiscal year is accounted for by domestic companies; and (2) the issuer s main business activities are conducted
in China, or its main place(s) of business are located in China, or the majority of senior management staff in charge of its business
operations and management are PRC citizens or have their usual place(s) of residence located in China. Where an issuer submits an application
for initial public offering to competent overseas regulators, such issuer must file with the CSRC within three business days after such
application is submitted. In addition, the Overseas Listing Trial Measures provide that the direct or indirect overseas listings of the
assets of domestic companies through one or more acquisitions, share swaps, transfers or other transaction arrangements shall be subject
to filing procedures in accordance with the Overseas Listing Trial Measures. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures also requires subsequent
reports to be filed with the CSRC on material events, such as change of control or voluntary or forced delisting of the issuer(s) who
have completed overseas offerings and listings. 

At
a press conference held for these new regulations Press Conference ), officials from the CSRC clarified that the domestic
companies that have already been listed overseas on or before March 31, 2023 shall be deemed as existing issuers (the Existing
Issuers ). Existing Issuers are not required to complete the filling procedures immediately, and they shall be required to file
with the CSRC upon occurrences of certain subsequent matters such as follow-on offerings of securities. According to the Overseas Listing
Trial Measures and the Press Conference, the existing domestic companies that have completed overseas offering and listing before March
31, 2023, such as us, will not be required to perform filing procedures for the completed overseas securities issuance and listing. However,
from the effective date of the regulation, any of our subsequent securities offering in the same overseas market or subsequent securities
offering and listing in other overseas markets shall be subject to the filing requirement with the CSRC within three working days after
the offering is completed or after the relevant application is submitted to the relevant overseas authorities, respectively. If it is
determined that any approval, filing or other administrative procedures from other PRC governmental authorities is required for any future
offering or listing, we cannot assure you that we can obtain the required approval or accomplish the required filings or other regulatory
procedures in a timely manner, or at all. If we fail to fulfill filing procedure as stipulated by the Trial Measures or offer and list
securities in an overseas market in violation of the Trial Measures, the CSRC may order rectification, issue warnings to us, and impose
a fine of between RMB1,000,000 and RMB10,000,000. Persons-in-charge and other persons that are directly liable for such failure shall
be warned and each imposed a fine from RMB500,000 to RMB5,000,000. Controlling shareholders and actual controlling persons of us that
organize or instruct such violations shall be imposed a fine from RMB1,000,000 and RMB10,000,000. 

4 

On
February 24, 2023, the CSRC published the Provisions on Strengthening the Confidentiality and Archives Administration Related to the
Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Enterprises (the Provisions on Confidentiality and Archives Administration ),
which came into effect on March 31, 2023. The Provisions on Confidentiality and Archives Administration requires that, in the process
of overseas issuance and listing of securities by domestic entities, the domestic entities, and securities companies and securities service
institutions that provide relevant securities service shall strictly implement the provisions of relevant laws and regulations and the
requirements of these provisions, establish and improve rules on confidentiality and archives administration. Where the domestic entities
provide or publicly disclose documents, materials or other items related to the state secrets and government work secrets to the relevant
securities companies, securities service institutions, overseas regulatory authorities, or other entities or individuals, the companies
shall apply for approval of competent departments with the authority of examination and approval in accordance with law and report the
matter to the secrecy administrative departments at the same level for record filing. Where there is unclear or controversial whether
or not the concerned materials are related to state secrets, the materials shall be reported to the relevant secrecy administrative departments
for determination. However, there remain uncertainties regarding the further interpretation and implementation of the Provisions on Confidentiality
and Archives Administration. 

As
of the date of this report, our PRC subsidiaries have obtained the requisite licenses and permits from the PRC government authorities
that are material for the business operations of our PRC subsidiaries. In addition, as of the date of this annual report, we and our
PRC subsidiaries are not required to obtain approval or permission from the CSRC or the CAC or any other entity that is required to approve
our PRC subsidiaries operations or required for us to offer securities to foreign investors under any currently effective PRC
laws, regulations, and regulatory rules. If it is determined that we are subject to filing requirements imposed by the CSRC under the
Overseas Listing Regulations or approvals from other PRC regulatory authorities or other procedures, including the cybersecurity review
under the revised Cybersecurity Review Measures, for our future offshore offerings, it would be uncertain whether we can or how long
it will take us to complete such procedures or obtain such approval and any such approval could be rescinded. Any failure to obtain or
delay in completing such procedures or obtaining such approval for our offshore offerings, or a rescission of any such approval if obtained
by us, would subject us to sanctions by the CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities for failure to file with the CSRC or failure to
seek approval from other government authorization for our offshore offerings. These regulatory authorities may impose fines and penalties
on our operations in China, limit our ability to pay dividends outside of China, limit our operating privileges in China, delay or restrict
the repatriation of the proceeds from our offshore offerings into China or take other actions that could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects, as well as the trading price of our common stock. The CSRC or
other PRC regulatory authorities also may take actions requiring us, or making it advisable for us, to halt our offshore offerings before
settlement and delivery of the securities offered. Consequently, if investors engage in market trading or other activities in anticipation
of and prior to settlement and delivery, they do so at the risk that settlement and delivery may not occur. In addition, if the CSRC
or other regulatory authorities later promulgate new rules or explanations requiring that we obtain their approvals or accomplish the
required filing or other regulatory procedures for our prior offshore offerings, we may be unable to obtain a waiver of such approval
requirements, if and when procedures are established to obtain such a waiver. Any uncertainties or negative publicity regarding such
approval requirement could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, reputation, and the trading
price of our common stock. 

Since
these statements and regulatory actions by the PRC government are newly published and official guidance and related implementation rules
have not been issued, it is uncertain how soon legislative or administrative regulation making bodies will respond and what existing
or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, and the potential
impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business operation, the ability to accept foreign investments
and list on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. The Standing Committee of the National People s Congress, or the SCNPC, or other
PRC regulatory authorities may in the future promulgate laws, regulations or implementing rules that requires our company or any of our
subsidiaries to obtain regulatory approval from Chinese authorities before future offerings in the U.S. In other words, although the
Company is currently not required to obtain permission from any of the PRC federal or local government to obtain such permission and
has not received any denial to list on the U.S. exchange, our operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly; our ability
to offer, or continue to offer, securities to investors would be potentially hindered and the value of our securities might significantly
decline or be worthless, by existing or future laws and regulations relating to its business or industry or by intervene or interruption
by PRC governmental authorities, if we or our subsidiaries (i) do not receive or maintain such permissions or approvals, (ii) inadvertently
conclude that such permissions or approvals are not required, (iii) applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and we are
required to obtain such permissions or approvals in the future, or (iv) any intervention or interruption by PRC governmental with little
advance notice. 

Please
see Risk Factors beginning on page 15 of this annual report for additional information. 

5 

Holding
Foreign Company Accountable Act 

Our
common stock may be delisted from the Nasdaq under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act HFCAA ), if the PCAOB
is unable to adequately inspect audit documentation located in China, or investigate our auditor. Furthermore, on June 22, 2021, the
U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which was signed into law, and amends the HFCAA and requires
the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three. Our auditor, Audit Alliance
LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that issues the audit report included elsewhere in this annual report, is headquartered
in Singapore and is registered with the PCAOB, and was not included in the list of PCAOB Identified Firms in the PCAOB Determination
Report issued in December 2021. On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed the Protocol with the CSRC and the MOF of the People s Republic
of China, governing inspections and investigations of audit firms based in mainland China and Hong Kong. The Protocol remains unpublished
and is subject to further explanation and implementation. Pursuant to the fact sheet with respect to the Protocol disclosed by the SEC,
the PCAOB shall have independent discretion to select any issuer audits for inspection or investigation and the unfettered ability to
transfer information to the SEC. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced that it was able to secure complete access to inspect and
investigate PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in China mainland and Hong Kong completely in 2022. The PCAOB Board
vacated its previous 2021 determinations that the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting
firms headquartered in China mainland and Hong Kong. However, whether the PCAOB will continue to be able to satisfactorily conduct inspections
of PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in China mainland and Hong Kong is subject to uncertainty and depends on a
number of factors out of our, and our auditor s control. The PCAOB is continuing to demand complete access in China mainland and
Hong Kong moving forward and is already making plans to resume regular inspections in early 2023 and beyond, as well as to continue pursuing
ongoing investigations and initiate new investigations as needed. The PCAOB has indicated that it will act immediately to consider the
need to issue new determinations with the HFCAA if needed. Therefore, the PCAOB in the future may determine that it is unable to inspect
or investigate completely registered public accounting firms in mainland China and Hong Kong. Our auditor s working papers related
to us and our subsidiaries are located in China. If our auditor is not permitted to provide requested audit work papers located in China
to the PCAOB, investors would be deprived of the benefits of PCAOB s oversight of our auditor through such inspections which could
result in limitation or restriction to our access to the U.S. capital markets and trading of our securities may be prohibited under the
HFCAA, which would result in the delisting of our securities from the Nasdaq. See Risk Factors - Our common stock may be delisted
from the Nasdaq under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act if the PCAOB is unable to adequately inspect audit documentation
located in China. The delisting of our common stock, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value
of your investment . 

Recent
Developments 

We are currently exploring new business opportunities while continuing
to provide freight logistics services. On September 19, 2023, the Company formed a 100 owned subsidiary, New Energy Tech Limited, . New
Energy in New York for to engage in the commodity trading business . In August 2024, New Energy entered into a joint venture development
agreement with Market One Services Corp., a Wyoming corporation, to establish a joint venture to carry out the commodity trading business.
The parties also plan to expand into the sale of solar panels 

The Company decided to develop the solar panel business based on its
insight into the broad prospects of new energy. In the decision-making process, the needs of environmental protection and market potential
were fully considered. This new solar panel business complements our existing businesses and will expand the company s sustainable
development. 

6 

Special
Committee Investigation 

As
previously disclosed, on May 6, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board formed a special committee (the
 Special Committee to investigate claims of alleged fraud, misrepresentation, and inadequate disclosure related to the
Company and certain of its management personnel raised in a report, published by Hindenburg Research on May 4, 2022 (the Hindenburg
Report ). On February 23, 2023, the Board approved the dissolution of the Special Committee upon conclusion of the committee s
investigation. On July 3, 2023, the Company entered into settlement and release agreement with Mr. Yang Jie, the Company s former
CEO, which fully resolved his claims against the Company. 

Executive
Changes 

On
July 3, 2023, Mr. Tieliang Liu resigned as a director the Company and a member of the Compensation Committee, the Audit Committee, and
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

On
July 10, 2023, Company terminated the employment of its Chief Operating Officer, Jing Shan, with cause. The termination was effective
immediately. 

On
July 31, 2023, the Company elected Mr. Zhongliang Xie as a Class II independent director to serve until the annual meeting of stockholders
for the fiscal year 2023, to fill the vacancy on the Board resulting from the resignation of Mr. Tieliang Liu. The Board appointed Mr.
Xie to serve as Chair of the Audit Committee, a member of the Compensation Committee and a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee. 

On
September 21, 2023, Mr. Heng Wang resigned as a director of the Company and a member of the Compensation Committee, the Audit Committee,
and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

On
September 25, 2023, the Company elected Mr. Xu Zhao as a Class I independent director to serve until the annual meeting of stockholders
for the fiscal year 2022, to fill the vacancy on the Board resulting from the resignation of Mr. Heng Wang. The Board appointed Mr. Zhao
to serve as a member of the Audit Committee, a member of the Compensation Committee and Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee. 

On
September 28, 2023, Ms. Ling Jiang resigned as a director of the Company and a member of the Compensation Committee, the Audit Committee,
and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

On
October 6, 2023, the Company elected Ms. Yangyang Xu as a Class III independent director to serve until the annual meeting of stockholders
for the fiscal year 2024, to fill the vacancy resulting from the resignation of Ms. Ling Jiang. The Board appointed Ms. Xu to serve as
Chairwoman of the Compensation Committee and as a member of the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

On
July 31, 2024, Mr. Haotian Song resigned from his position as a vice president of the Company and as a director of the Board. 

On
August 6, 2024, the Company appointed Ms. Jia Yang as a vice president of the Company and as a director of the Board to fill the vacancy
resulting from Mr. Haotian Song s resignation. 

7 

Litigation 

On
December 9, 2022, Piero Crivellaro, purportedly on behalf of the persons or entities who purchased or acquired publicly traded securities
of the Company between February 2021 and November 2022, filed a putative class action against the Company and other defendants in the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York EDNY ), alleging violations of federal securities laws
related to alleged false or misleading disclosures made by the Company in its public filings (the SGLY Securities Class Action ).
The plaintiff seeks damages, plus interest, costs, fees, and attorneys fees. The Company filed a motion to dismiss on November
20, 2023, which is fully-briefed and awaiting the Court s determination. As this action is still in the early stage, the Company
cannot predict the outcome. 

On
July 13, 2023, SG Shipping Risk Solution Inc. SG Shipping ), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,
filed a complaint against Jing Shan, its former chief operating officer, accusing her of the unauthorized wire transfer of 3 million
to Goalowen (the Conversion Lawsuit ). On March 23, 2023, Jing Shan allegedly signed, without Board s due authorization,
an operating income right transfer contract with Goalowen Inc., pursuant to which Goalowen agreed to transfer its rights to receive income
from operating a tuna fishing vessel to SG Shipping for 3 million. Ms. Shan alleged made the unauthorized wire transfer of 3 million
to Goalowen on May 5, 2023. This lawsuit is filed with the EDNY. Ms. Shan moved to dismiss the case on March 19, 2024 and the decision
is currently pending with the court. Fact discovery is currently underway. The Company remains committed to pursuing its claims and seeks
damages. 

On
August 23, 2023, Jing Shan commenced a lawsuit against the Company in the Richmond City Circuit Court of Virginia for unpaid salaries
and indemnification of her litigation costs defending herself in the SGLY Securities Class Action and the Conversion Lawsuit. The court
entered an order on May 3, 2024, granted Jing Shan s request for payment of withheld wages through the time of her termination,
plus liquidated damages, and litigation costs in prosecuting the withheld wages. The court denied Jing Shan s motion for expenses
incurred in other ligation, deferring those issues to resolution by trial. The Company has paid the past due wages and statutory liquidated
damages. Jing Shan filed a motion for rule to show cause on July 29, 2024, demanding payment of attorney s fees of 36,523.21,
plus sanctions by the court for the Company s failure to comply with the court s order of payment. 

On
October 23, 2023, the Company filed a complaint against its former CFO, Tuo Pan, accusing her of conversion due to her alleged involvement
in two unauthorized transfers from the Company, amounting to 219,000 and 7,920, respectively. The Company decided not to pursue this
matter any further and withdrew the complaint. 

On
January 18, 2024, John Levy, a former board member of the Company, filed a claim in the EDNY for reimbursement and advancement of reasonable
legal fees, costs, and expenses incurred in connection with defending the action Crivellaro v. Singularity Future Technology Ltd. ,
22-cv-7499-BMC, in which John Levy was named as an individual defendant. On a letter dated August 6, 2024, John Levy notified the court
that it would move for default judgement. The Company does not intend to defend its position. 

In
February 2024, Zhikang Huang, a former employee of the Company filed a lawsuit against the Company in the Richmond City Circuit Court
of Virginia. In the complaint, Zhikang Huang alleges claims that the Company failed to compensate him for the severance payment of 300,000
contemplated in Section 6.3 of the Employee Agreement, his two months salary of 25,000 for the months of November and December
2023 and the incentive-based bonus to which he is entitled pursuant to paragraph 4.2 of the Employee Agreement. A hearing on plaintiff s
motion to compel discovery was scheduled on August 26, 2024. The Company intends to defend its position. 

8 

Government
Investigations 

Following
the publication of the Hindenburg Report, the Company received subpoenas from the United States Attorney s Office for the Southern
District of New York and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company cooperated with these
governmental authorities regarding these matters. The Company is not able to estimate the outcome or duration of the government investigations.
As of the date of this report, the Company has not received any updates. 

On
February 28, 2023 , the audit committee of the Company, after discussion with the management of the Company, and in consultation with
the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, concluded that the Company s previously issued financial statements
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 29,
2021 (the 2021 Form 10-K should no longer be relied upon as a result of incorrect accounting treatment of approximately
 4.6 million of related party loan receivable. The audit committee also concluded that the financial statements for the quarters
ended September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2021 included in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q (the 2021 Form 10-Qs, 
collectively with the 2021 Form 10-K, the Affected Reports ), filed with the SEC on November 12, 2021 and February 14, 2022,
respectively, should no longer be relied upon as a result of incorrect recognition of revenue from freight shipping services in the amount
of 980,200 for the three months ended September 30, 2021 and six months ended December 31, 2021. The Company corrected the errors referenced
above in an amendment to (1) the 2021 Form 10-K (the Amended Form 10-K and (2) each of the 2021 Form 10-Qs (the Amended
Form 10-Qs, collectively with the Amended Form 10-K, the Restatements ). 

On
June 17, 2024, the Company received a subpoena from the SEC requesting the production of certain documents related to an investigation
by the SEC regarding the Restatements (the Investigation ). Because the Investigation is at an early stage, the Company
cannot predict its outcome, duration, or any potential consequences at this time. The SEC has not advised the Company that it has concluded
any legal violation has occurred, but any Investigation potentially could result in government enforcement actions and, to civil and/or
criminal sanctions under relevant laws. The Company intends to cooperate with the SEC with respect to the Investigation. 

Nasdaq
Listing Deficiencies 

On
July 7, 2023, the Company received an Notice of Noncompliance Letter (the Letter from the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq stating that the Company was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules due to its failure to timely hold an annual meeting of shareholders
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, which is required to be held within twelve months of the Company s fiscal year end under
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5620(a) and 5810(c)(2)(G). The Letter also states that the Company has 45 calendar days to submit a plan to regain
compliance and if Nasdaq accepts the Plan, it can grant the Company an exception of up to 180 calendar days from the fiscal year end,
or until December 27, 2023, to regain compliance. The Company complied with the Nasdaq requirement that the Plan be submitted no later
than August 21, 2023. On October 19, 2023, the Company received a formal notification from the Nasdaq confirming that the Company had
regained compliance with Listing Rule 5620(a), and that the matter is now closed. 

9 

On
July 13, 2023, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq stating that the Company no longer complies with Nasdaq s independent
director and audit committee requirements under Nasdaq s Listing Rule 5605 following the resignation of Mr. Liu from the Company s
board of directors and audit committee effective July 3, 2023. Nasdaq advised the Company that in accordance with Nasdaq s Listing
Rule 5605(c)(4), the Company has a cure period to regain compliance (1) until the earlier of the Company s next annual shareholders 
meeting or July 3, 2024; or (2) if the next annual shareholders meeting is held before January 2, 2024, then the Company must
evidence compliance no later than January 2, 2024. In response to this notice, on July 31, 2023, the Company elected Mr. Zhongliang Xie
as a Class II independent director to serve until the annual meeting of stockholders for the fiscal year 2023, to fill the vacancy on
the Board resulting from the resignation of Mr. Liu. The Board appointed Mr. Xie to serve as Chair of the Audit Committee, a member of
the Compensation Committee and a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

On
July 13, 2023, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq stating that the Company failed to regain compliance with respect to the minimum
 1 bid price per share requirement under Nasdaq Listing Rules during the 180 calendar days given by Nasdaq for the Company to regain
compliance, which ended on July 5, 2023. However, Nasdaq has determined that the Company is eligible for an additional 180 calendar day
period, or until January 2, 2024, to regain compliance. On January 3, 2024, the Company received a notification from Nasdaq, notifying
the Company of the determination to delist the Company s securities from Nasdaq because of the Company s failure to regain
compliance with the 1 per share bid price requirement required for continued listing on the Nasdaq as set forth in Listing Rule 5550(a)(2).
On March 12, 2024, the Company received a formal notification from Nasdaq confirming that the Company had regained compliance with bid
price requirement required for continued listing on the Nasdaq as set forth in Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 

Corporate
History and Our Business Segments 

From
inception in 2001 to our fiscal year ended June 30, 2013, our sole business was providing shipping agency services. In general, we provided
two types of shipping agency services: loading/discharging services and protective agency services, in which we acted as a general agent
to provide value added solutions to our customers. For loading/discharging agency services, we received the total payment from our customers
in U.S. dollars and paid the port charges on behalf of our customers in RMB. For protective agency services, we charged a fixed amount
as agent fee while customers were responsible for the payment of port costs and expenses. 

Later,
we expanded our business to include freight logistics services to provide import security filing services with the U.S. Customs and Department
of Homeland Security, on behalf of importers who ship goods into the U.S. and also provided inland transportation services to these importers
in the U.S. We also expanded into container trucking services as new business sectors to provide related transportation logistics services
to customers in the U.S. and in China. We shift our focus back to the shipping agency business around 2019. 

In
2021, the Company set up a joint venture in Texas, Brilliant Warehouse Service Inc., to support its freight logistics services in the
U.S., and a new subsidiary, Gorgeous Trading Ltd., which mainly engages in smart warehouse and related business in Texas. 

On
December 31, 2021, the Company terminated its variable interest entity VIE structure and deconsolidated its formerly
controlled entity Sino-Global Shipping Agency Ltd. Sino-China ). The Company controlled Sino-China through its wholly owned
subsidiary Trans Pacific Shipping Limited. The Company dissolved the VIE structure, Sino-China and its subsidiary Sino-Global Shipping
LA, Inc. 

10 

From
2021 to 2022, the Company engaged in cryptocurrency mining in China for a brief period of time but ceased such business in 2022 due to
restrictions and bans on crypto mining operations in China. Thor Miner Inc., a Delaware subsidiary of the Company that engaged in technical
development and commercialization of a bitcoin mining machine, was dissolved on February 14, 2024. The Company does not plan to
pursue bitcoin mining business at this moment. 

The
following subsidiaries or joint ventures have no operations as of the date of this report: LSM Trading Ltd., Singularity (Shenzhen) Technology
Ltd., Phi Electric Motor, Inc. in New York, SG Shipping Risk Solution Inc., in New York and SG Link LLC in New York. 

Our
subsidiary, Ningbo Saimeinuo Web Technology Ltd., which primarily engaged in transportation management and freight logistics services,
including overseas shipping, was dissolved on October 24, 2023. Our subsidiary, Blumargo IT Solution Ltd., was dissolved on April 17,
2024. 

On September 19, 2023, the Company formed a 100 owned subsidiary,
New Energy Tech Limited. New Energy in New York to engage in the commodity trading business . In August 2024, New Energy
entered into a joint venture development agreement with Market One Services Corp., a Wyoming corporation, to establish a joint venture
to carry out the commodity trading business. The parties also plan to expand into the sale of solar panels. 

Our
Strategy 

Our
strategy is to: 

Provide
better solutions for issues and challenges faced by the entire shipping and freight logistics chain to better serve our customers and
explore additional growth avenues. 

Diversify
our current service offerings organically or through acquisitions and/or strategic alliance; continue to grow our business in the U.S.
market; 

Continue
to streamline our business practice, optimize our cost structure and improve our operating efficiency through effective planning, budgeting,
execution and cost control and strengthening our IT infrastructure; 

Continue
to reduce our dependency on our legacy business and few key customers; 

Continue
to monetize our relationships with our strategic partners and leverage their support and our innovation to expand our business; 

Continue
to explore cutting-edge technologies in new energy, such as the development of high-efficiency solar panel materials and innovative waste
recycling processes, and actively acquire small new energy companies with potential to rapidly expand our business footprint; 

Use
vivid cases and data to showcase the company s outstanding achievements in the field of new energy and attract public attention, and
organize new energy science activities to enhance brand reputation and social responsibility; and 

Develop customized sales plans
for different customer groups and cooperate with financial institutions to launch new energy project financing services to reduce customer
costs and promote sales growth. 

11 

Our Goals
and Strategic Plan 

By
leveraging our extensive business relationships, technical ability and in-depth knowledge of the shipping industry, our goal is to further
strengthen our position as a leading global logistics solution provider who offers innovative resolutions to better address complex issues
in different aspects in the entire shipping and freight logistics chain. 

Meanwhile,
we plan to build a solar energy production facility in the United States. The Company actively seeks cooperation with multiple parties.
It plans to jointly develop new energy technologies with scientific research institutions to enhance its strength, to cooperate with
solar energy companies to establish recycling channels, to join hands with environmental protection organizations to promote concepts,
and to cooperate with the government to participate in projects and obtain support. 

Our Customers 

Our
main customers for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 are Chongqing Iron Steel Ltd .
 and SOSNY . For the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, Chongqing Iron
 Steel Ltd. accounted for 77.2 and 52.7 of the Company s revenues, respectively. For the years ended June 30, 2024
and 2023, SOSNY accounted for nil and 16.1 of the Company s gross revenue. 

Our
Suppliers 

Our
operations consist of working directly with our customers to understand in detail their needs and expectations and then managing local
suppliers to ensure that our customers needs are met. For the year ended June 30, 2024, two suppliers accounted for approximately
21.2 and 20.1 of our total purchases, respectively. For the year ended June 30, 2023, two suppliers accounted for approximately 19.6 
and 19.5 of our total purchases, respectively. 

Our
Strengths 

We
believe that the following strengths differentiate us from our competitors: 

Proven
industry experience and problem-solving reputation . We are a non-asset based global shipping and freight logistics solution provider.
We provide tailored solutions and value-added services to our customers to drive effectiveness and control in related aspects throughout
the entire shipping and freight logistic chain. We believe that our years of successful track record of applying integrated solutions
to complex issues in the global shipping logistics business gives us a competitive advantage in attracting large clients and helps us
maintain strong long terms business relationship with them. 

A
competent professional team . Most of our employees have marine business experience, and many of our managers/chief operators served
in other large Chinese shipping companies prior to joining us. With these professionals and experienced staff, we believe that we provide
the best services to our customers at competitive prices. 

Extensive
network and positive industry recognition. Doing business in China often requires a strong business network and support of key strategic
partners. The Company served as one of the executive directors of China Association of Shipping Agencies Non-Vessel-Operating Common
Carriers (CASA), the authoritative industry association in China. We are the only non-state-owned enterprise represented on the CASA
board guiding the development of the industry. Our good reputation and industry recognition enables us to maintain strong relationships
with our business partners and have an extensive network of contacts throughout the industry, which helps us gain necessary support to
execute our business plans. 

12 

Lean
organization and a flexible business model. Although we are a small business with limited resources, we have a cohesive and effective
organizational structure with the goal of maximizing customer value while minimizing waste. Our unique flexible business model allows
us to quickly respond to changing market demand and offer our customers innovative problem-solving solutions, quality customer service,
and competitive prices to achieve greater market acceptance and gain additional market share. 

U.S.-registered
and NASDAQ-listed public company . We believe our status as a U.S. corporation gives us more credibility among existing and potential
customers, suppliers, and other business partners than a privately owned company would have in our industry. Our ability to raise capital
through the capital market or use our common stock as currency to facility potential merger and acquisition transactions
can also help us carry out or accelerate our growth strategies. 

Our
Opportunities 

For
more than thirty years, the shipping and freight logistics industry has been operated under traditional business models without meaningful
change. Many of these business practices are inefficient and problematic; therefore, maintaining an innovative mindset is critical to
achieving continuous business success and growth. We are a value-added logistics solution provider with successful past performance and
individuals that have been in the industry for a long time. Instead of playing the traditional logistics broker role, we focus on providing
technology solutions and innovative leading-edge services to bridge the asset-based world with the digital world. We shape our industry
practice and profit model by analyzing wider developments both in the global markets and the technology industry so we can address unique
problems that are currently pervasive across the shipping and freight logistics industry. 

We
believe we can capture the business opportunity and grow our business organically or through acquisitions or strategic alliance by: 

Continuing
to streamline our business operations and improve our operating efficiency through innovative technology, effective planning, budgeting,
execution and cost control; 

Diversifying
our business to focus on providing innovative technology based solution to our customers to promote our sustainable business growth; 

The
current market of China s shipping agency industry is mature comparing to what it was ten years ago when the shipping agency industry
was fueled by the massive construction of China s infrastructure, yet the over-supply of shipping agencies has also shrunk the
profits of the industry. Many shipping agencies were constrained by the small size and the limited services. We have the professionalism
and are the pioneers and leaders in the shipping agency industry in China. We maintain strong relationships with customers and market
resources. The current shipping agency market is more competitive yet enable companies like us who has better resources in this market
niche to expand. 

In
terms of the new Solar Panel Business, the United States has a developed steel industry and has a certain demand for scrap steel. On
the one hand, domestic steel production in the United States consumes scrap steel, especially when iron ore prices fluctuate, steel mills
may increase the use of scrap steel to reduce costs; on the other hand, the demand for steel in the manufacturing industry and other
industries in the United States also indirectly drives the demand for scrap steel. For example, the construction industry and the automobile
manufacturing industry are all large consumers of steel, and the development of these industries will increase the demand for scrap steel. 

It
is estimated that North America has installed more than 80 GW of solar power, a figure that could grow to more than 400 GW by 2030. Bloomberg
News estimates that about 26,000 tons of photovoltaic panels were wasted in 2020, and as photovoltaic panels reach the end of their life
in the 2030s, the amount of waste will grow to millions of tons. The solar recycling business market is a rapidly emerging but still
developing field. As the global solar industry booms, a large number of photovoltaic modules will reach the end of their life and face
retirement in the next few years. This brings both environmental challenges and huge market opportunities. 

13 

Our
Challenges 

We
face significant challenges when executing our strategy, including: 

Given
the complexity and length of restructuring our business, we face the challenge of generating sufficient cash from our current business
activities to support our daily operations during the transition; 

We
may not be able to establish a separate department to solve critical issues in today s shipping logistics industry; 

We
may not be able to manage our growth when we form more joint ventures for our shipping agency business as we need to better our standard
operating and control procedures which may pose more challenges to our management. 

We
may not have or not be able to get the necessary funds to continue to expand our service and market our services successfully; 

Our
ability to respond to increasing competitive pressure on our growth and margins; 

Our
ability to gain further expertise and to serve new customers in new service areas; 

From
time to time, we may have difficulty carrying out services effectively and in a profitable way due to the cyclical nature of the shipping
industry, which could lead to a prolonged period of sluggish demand for our services; 

Our
ability to respond promptly to a changing regulatory environment, macroeconomic conditions, industry trends, and competitive landscape;
and 

Developing
a winning business model takes time and a new business model may not be recognized by the market immediately. As a publicly traded company,
management may be forced to fulfill near-term performance goals that may not be consistent with the Company s long-term vision. 

Our
Competition 

The
market segment that we now operate in, which is freight logistics services including warehouse services, does not have high entry barriers.
In terms of our competition in China, there are many companies ranging from small to large that provide freight logistics services, and
the state-owned companies in China generate a significant portion of the revenues in the industry. Our primary competitors in China are
the China branches of international shipping companies or their exclusive agents in China. These companies include Evergreen Marine Corp.,
Orient Overseas Container Line, Ocean Network Express which includes Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd, Mitsui O.S.K. Lines and Nippon Yusen
Kabushiki Kaisha. The competition is intense due to the significant excess capacity. These companies have greater service capabilities,
a larger customer base and more financial, marketing, network and human resources than we do. Most of them engage in a wide range of
businesses and involve many aspects of the industry chain. However, we focus on providing tailored solutions and value-added services
to customers in freight logistic services. As a boutique company with limited resources and history, we face intense competition. Our
ability to grow in our industry depends on (1) our deep understanding of the complexity of industry issues and challenges and (2) our
ability to develop optimal solutions to respond to the identified issues and provide effective problem-solving strategies to our targeted
customers. 

In
terms of our competition in the United States, the freight logistics services industry is well developed, highly fragmented, and competition
is fierce nationwide. Our primary competitors in the U.S. are local warehouse services providers and freight forwarding companies in
Houston, for example, Bizto LLC, Golden Eagle Guns LLC, and Smart Supply Chain. Competition in the freight logistics services industry
is driven by factors such as price, service quality, technology, and geographic reach. Companies that can offer a combination of these
factors are often more competitive in the market. Additionally, companies that can adapt to changing customer demands and market trends,
such as the shift towards e-commerce, are likely to be more successful in the long term. We aim at providing tailored and valued-added
services for our international clients with needs for U.S. domestic logistics services. 

14 

Employees 

As
of the date of this Report, we have 15 full-time employees, 10 of whom are based in China and 5 are based in the United States. Of the
total full-time employees, 6 are in management, 6 are in operations, 4 are in finance and accounting related and 1 are in administration
and technical support. We believe that our relationship with our employees is good. We have never had a work stoppage, and our employees
are not subject to a collective bargaining agreement. 

Intellectual
Property 

As
of the date of this Report, we do not have any registered patents, copyrights, or trademarks. We have seven registered domain names,
including our corporate website https://www.singularity.us/. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below are a number of material risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations as a result of recent developments.
You should carefully consider the risks described below before purchasing our common stock. The risks highlighted here are not the only
ones that we may face. For example, additional risks presently unknown to us or that we currently consider immaterial or unlikely to
occur could also impair our operations. If any of the risks or uncertainties described below or any such additional risks and uncertainties
actually occur, our business, prospects, financial condition, or results of operations could be negatively affected, and you might lose
all or part of your investment. 

We
are, and may continue to be, subject to litigation including individual and class action lawsuits, as well as investigations and enforcement
actions by regulators and governmental authorities. These matters are often expensive and time consuming, and, if resolved adversely,
could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

As
discussed in Item 1. Business - Recent Developments, we are, and from time to time may become, subject to litigation and
various legal proceedings, including litigation and proceedings related to stockholder derivative suits, class action lawsuits and other
matters, that involve claims for substantial amounts of money or for other relief or that might necessitate changes to our business or
operations. In addition to this, we have been, currently are, and may from time to time become subject to, government and regulatory
investigations, inquiries, actions or requests, other proceedings and enforcement actions alleging violations of laws, rules, and regulations,
both foreign and domestic. The defense of these actions may be both time consuming and expensive. We evaluate these litigation claims
and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the monetary amount of potential
losses. Based on these assessments and estimates, we may establish reserves and/or disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings,
as and when required or appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on information available to management at the time of
such assessment or estimation and involve a significant amount of judgment. As a result, actual outcomes or losses could differ materially
from those envisioned by our current assessments and estimates. Our failure to successfully defend or settle any of these litigations
or legal proceedings could result in liability that, to the extent not covered by our insurance, could have an adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
scope, determination, and impact of claims, lawsuits, government and regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, disputes, and proceedings
to which we are subject cannot be predicted with certainty, and may result in: 

substantial
 payments to satisfy judgments, fines, or penalties; 

substantial
 outside counsel, advisor, and consultant fees and costs; 

substantial
 administrative costs, including arbitration fees; 

loss
 of productivity and high demands on employee time; 

criminal
 sanctions or consent decrees; 

termination
 of certain employees, including members of our executive team; 

barring
 of certain employees from participating in our business in whole or in part; 

orders
 that restrict our business or prevent us from offering certain products or services; 

changes
 to our business model and practices 

delays
 to planned transactions, service launches or improvements; and 

damage
 to our brand and reputation. 

15 

We
are, and may continue to be, subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention, cause harm to
our reputation and result in significant damages for which we could be responsible. 

We
are subject to securities class action litigation, which is expensive, could divert our management s attention, harm our reputation,
and leave us liable for substantial damages. For example, as discussed in Item 1. Business - Recent Developments, on December
9, 2022, Piero Crivellaro, purportedly on behalf of the persons or entities who purchased or acquired publicly traded securities of the
Company between February 2021 and November 2022, filed a putative class action against the Company, certain of our officers and directors,
and other defendants in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, alleging violations of federal securities
laws related to alleged false or misleading disclosures made by the Company in its public filings. The plaintiff seeks unspecified damages,
plus interest, costs, fees, and attorneys fees. As this action is still in the early stage, the Company cannot predict the outcome,
and certain of our officers in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York. 

Litigation
of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention and resources, which could adversely impact
our business. Any adverse determination in litigation could also subject us to significant liabilities. 

We
are responsible for the indemnification of our officers and directors. 

Should
our officers and/or directors require us to contribute to their defense, we may be required to spend significant amounts of our capital.
Our Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws also provide for the indemnification of our directors, officers, employees, and agents, under
certain circumstances, against attorney s fees and other expenses incurred by them in any litigation to which they become a party
arising from their association with or activities on behalf of our company. This indemnification policy could result in substantial expenditures,
which we may be unable to recoup. If these expenditures are significant or involve issues which result in significant liability for our
key personnel, we may be unable to continue operating as a going concern. 

We
depend on a limited number of major customers who are able to exert a high degree of influence over us and the loss of a major customer
could adversely impact our business. 

For
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2024, one customer, Chongqing Iron Steel Ltd., accounted for 77.2 and 52.7 of our revenues,
respectively. There can be no assurance that our major customer will continue to purchase our services in the same amount that it has
in the past. The loss of our major customer or a material reduction in sales to a major customer could have a material adverse effect
on our sales and results of operations. Additionally, given the high concentration of our customer base, a default by or a significant
reduction in future transactions with our major customer could materially reduce our revenues, profitability, liquidity and growth prospects. 

We
depend on a limited number of suppliers who are able to exert a high degree of influence over us and the loss of our major suppliers
could adversely impact our business. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2024, two suppliers accounted for approximately 21.2 and 20.1 of our total purchases, respectively. For the
year ended June 30, 2023, two suppliers accounted for approximately 19.6 
and 19.5 of our total purchases, respectively. There can be no assurance that our major suppliers will continue to supply us
with the materials or services required to operate our business in the same amount that they have in the past. The loss of our major
suppliers or a material reduction in the materials or services they provide to us could have a material adverse effect on our business
and results of operations. 

Additionally,
due to the unpredictable nature of COVID-19 regulations in China, our suppliers based in China may be affected by COVID-19 related issues
such as shutdowns and delays. This may cause us to become unable to fulfill our customer orders on a timely basis, which may cause us
to cancel orders and provide refunds, as demonstrated in our settlement with SOSNY. 

Our
growth depends in part on the success of our relationships with third parties, including our solar partners. 

A
key component of our growth strategy is to develop or expand our relationships with third parties. For example, we are investing resources
in establishing strategic relationships with market players across a variety of industries to generate new customers. These programs
may not roll out as quickly as planned or produce the results we anticipated. A significant portion of our business depends on attracting
and retaining new and existing solar partners. Negotiating relationships with our solar partners, investing in due diligence efforts
with potential solar partners, training such third parties and contractors, and monitoring them for compliance with our standards require
significant time and resources and may present greater risks and challenges than expanding a direct sales or installation team. If we
are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with these third parties, our ability to grow our business and address
our market opportunity could be impaired. Even if we are able to establish and maintain these relationships, we may not be able to execute
on our goal of leveraging these relationships to meaningfully expand our business, brand recognition and customer base. This would limit
our growth potential and our opportunities to generate significant additional revenue or cash flows. 

16 

We
and our potential solar partners depend on a limited number of suppliers of solar panels, and other system components to adequately meet
anticipated demand for our solar panel offerings. Any shortage, bottlenecks, delay, detentions, or component price change from these
suppliers, or the acquisition of any of these suppliers by a competitor, could result in sales and installation delays, cancellations,
and loss of market share. 

We
and our potential solar partners purchase solar panels, and other system components from a limited number of suppliers, making us susceptible
to quality issues, shortages, bottlenecks, and price changes. If we or our potential solar partners fail to develop, maintain and expand
our relationships with these or other suppliers, we may be unable to adequately meet anticipated demand for our solar service offerings,
or we may only be able to offer our systems at higher costs or after delays. If one or more of the suppliers that we or our solar partners
rely upon to meet anticipated demand ceases or reduces production, we may be unable to quickly identify alternate suppliers or to qualify
alternative products on commercially reasonable terms, and we may be unable to satisfy this demand. 

The
acquisition of a supplier by one of our competitors could also limit our access to such components and require significant redesigns
of our solar energy systems or installation procedures and have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The
restatement of our prior financial statements may affect investor confidence and raise reputational issues and may subject us to additional
risks and uncertainties, including increased professional costs and the increased possibility of legal proceedings and regulatory inquiries. 

As
discussed in our Current Form on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2023, as amended by Amendment No. 1 filed on March 6, 2023, we determined
to restate our financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2021, three and six months ended September 30, 2021 and three
and nine months ended December 31, 2021 after we identified errors related to, incorrect accounting treatment of related party loan receivable,
incorrect recognition of revenue from freight shipping services and incorrect accounting treatment of recovery (provision) for doubtful
accounts. As a result of these errors and the resulting restatements of our financial statements for the impacted periods, we have incurred,
and may continue to incur, unanticipated costs for accounting and legal fees in connection with or related to the restatements, and have
become subject to a number of additional risks and uncertainties, including the increased possibility of litigation and regulatory inquiries.
Any of the foregoing may affect investor confidence in the accuracy of our financial disclosures and may raise reputational risks for
our business, both of which could harm our business and financial results. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and have determined to restate our previously issued
financial statements. If our remediation of these material weaknesses is not effective, or if we fail to develop and maintain an effective
system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements
or comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. In addition, the presence of material weaknesses increases the risk
of a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements. 

As
a public company, we are required, pursuant to Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among
other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Effective internal
control over financial reporting is necessary for reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures,
such internal controls are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered
in their implementation, could cause our Company to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Ineffective internal controls could also
cause investors to lose confidence in reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our
common stock. 

Our
management s assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by management in our internal control over
financial reporting. Our management s assessment could detect problems with internal controls. Undetected material weaknesses in
internal controls could lead to financial statement restatements and require our Company to incur the expense of remediation. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency or combination of deficiencies in a company s internal control over financial reporting such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of its consolidated financial statements would not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. This deficiency could result in additional misstatements to its consolidated financial statements that would
be material and would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

17 

As
discussed in Item 9.A Controls and Procedures - Disclosure Controls and Procedures, under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June
30, 2024. Based on the foregoing evaluation, our Chief Operating Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective due to ineffective internal controls over financial reporting that stemmed from the following material weaknesses
for the year ended and as of June 30, 2024: 

Lack
of segregation of duties for accounting personnel who prepared and reviewed the journal entries in some of the subsidiaries within the
consolidation, lack of supervision, coordination and communication of financial information between different entities within the Group; 

Lack
of a full time U.S. GAAP personnel in the accounting department to monitor the recording of the transactions which led to error in revenue
recognition in previously issued financial statements; 

Lack
of resources with technical competency to address, review and record non-routine or complex transactions under U.S. GAAP; 

Lack
of management control reviews of the budget against actual with analysis of the variance with a precision that can be explained through
the analysis of the accounts; 

Lack
of proper procedures in identifying and recording related party transactions which led to restatement of previously issued financial
statements (See Note 1 of the accompanying consolidated financial statement footnotes); 

Lack
of proper procedures to maintain supporting documents for accounting record; and 

Lack
of proper oversight for the Company s cash disbursement process that led to misuse of the Company funds by its former executive. 

In
order to remediate the material weaknesses stated above, we intend to implement the following policies and procedures: 

Hiring
additional accounting staff to report the internal financial timely; 

Reporting
other material and non-routine transactions to the Board and obtain proper approval; 

Recruiting
additional qualified professionals with appropriate levels of U.S. GAAP knowledge and experience to assist in resolving accounting issues
in non-routine or complex transactions; 

Developing
and conducting U.S. GAAP knowledge, SEC reporting and internal control training to senior executives, management personnel, accounting
departments and the IT staff, so that management and key personnel understand the requirements and elements of internal control over
financial reporting mandated by the U.S. securities laws; 

Setting
up budgets and developing expectations based on understanding of the business operations, compare the actual results with the expectations
periodically and document the reasons for the fluctuations with further analysis. This should be done by CFO and reviewed by CEO upon
their communications with the Board; 

Strengthening
our corporate governance; 

Setting
up policies and procedures for the Company s related party identification to properly identify, record and disclose related party
transactions; and 

Setting
up proper procedures for the Company s fund disbursement process to ensure that cash is disbursed only upon proper authorization,
for valid business purposes, and that all disbursements are properly recorded. 

18 

We
cannot provide assurance that these or other measures will fully remediate our material weaknesses in a timely manner. If our remediation
of these material weaknesses is not effective, it may cause our Company to become subject to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. It
may also adversely affect investor confidence in our Company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. There can be no assurance
that all existing material weaknesses have been identified, or that additional material weaknesses will not be identified in the future.
In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet our financial reporting obligations, we may not be able to remain listed on Nasdaq. 

Our
ability to maintain compliance with Nasdaq continued listing requirements, including whether we are able to maintain the closing bid
price of our common stock, could result in the delisting of our common stock. 

Our
common stock is currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq ). To maintain this listing, we must satisfy minimum
financial and other requirements. 

On
July 7, 2023, the Company received a notification from Nasdaq stating that the Company was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules
due to its failure to timely hold an annual meeting of shareholders for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, which is required to be
held within twelve months of the Company s fiscal year end under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5620(a) and 5810(c)(2)(G). On October 19,
2023, the Company received a formal notification from the Nasdaq confirming that the Company had regained compliance with Listing Rule
5620(a), and that the matter is now closed. 

On
July 13, 2023, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq stating that the Company no longer complies with Nasdaq s independent
director and audit committee requirements under Nasdaq s Listing Rule 5605 following the resignation of Tieliang Liu from the Company s
board of directors and audit committee effective July 3, 2023. Nasdaq advised the Company that in accordance with Nasdaq s Listing
Rule 5605(c)(4), the Company has a cure period to regain compliance (1) until the earlier of the Company s next annual shareholders 
meeting or July 3, 2024; or (2) if the next annual shareholders meeting is held before January 2, 2024, then the Company must
evidence compliance no later than January 2, 2024. In response to this notice, on July 31, 2023, the Company elected Mr. Zhongliang Xie
as a Class II independent director to serve until the annual meeting of stockholders for the fiscal year 2023, to fill the vacancy on
the Board resulting from the resignation of Mr. Tieliang Liu. The Board appointed Mr. Xie to serve as Chair of the Audit Committee, a
member of the Compensation Committee and a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 

On
July 13, 2023, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq stating that the Company failed to regain compliance with respect to the minimum
 1 bid price per share requirement under Nasdaq Listing Rules during the 180 calendar days given by Nasdaq for the Company to regain
compliance, which ended on July 5, 2023. However, Nasdaq has determined that the Company is eligible for an additional 180 calendar day
period, or until January 2, 2024, to regain compliance. On January 3, 2024, the Company received a notification from Nasdaq, notifying
the Company of the determination to delist the Company s securities from Nasdaq because of the Company s failure to regain
compliance with the 1 per share bid price requirement required for continued listing on the Nasdaq as set forth in Listing Rule 5550(a)(2).
On March 12, 2024, the Company received a formal notification from Nasdaq confirming that the Company had regained compliance with bid
price requirement required for continued listing on the Nasdaq as set forth in Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 

There
can be also no assurance that our stock price will meet the minimum bid price requirement or we will meet other requirements for continued
listing on Nasdaq. If our common stock is delisted from Nasdaq and we are unable to list our common stock on another national securities
exchange, we expect our common stock would be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we and our stockholders could
face significant material adverse consequences, including the limited availability of market quotations for our common stock; substantially
decreased trading in our common stock; decreased market liquidity of our common stock as a result of the loss of market efficiencies
associated with Nasdaq and the loss of federal preemption of state securities laws; an adverse effect on our ability to issue additional
securities or obtain additional financing in the future on acceptable terms, if at all; potential loss of confidence by investors, suppliers,
partners, and employees and fewer business development opportunities; and limited news and analyst coverage. Additionally, the market
price of our common stock may decline further, and stockholders may lose some or all of their investment. 

For
additional risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our Registration Statement
on Form S-3, filed with the SEC on September 9, 2024 and other filings we file with the SEC from time to time. 

19 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

The
Company does not have any unresolved or outstanding staff comments. 

Item
1C. Cybersecurity 

Risk
Management and Strategy 

We
have established cybersecurity risk assessment procedures to ensure effectiveness in cybersecurity management, strategy and governance
and reporting cybersecurity risks. The process is in alignment with our strategic objectives and risk appetite. 

We
strive to manage cybersecurity risks and protect sensitive information through various means, such as technical safeguards, procedural
requirements, close monitoring on our corporate network. We may engage assessors, consultants, auditors, or other third parties to enhance
our cyber security risk management processes. Any cybersecurity incidents are closely monitored for their potential impact on our business
strategy, operations, and financial condition. 

As
of the date of this annual report, we have not experienced any material cybersecurity incidents or identified any material cybersecurity
threats that have affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, our business strategy, results of operations or financial
condition. 

Governance 

The
Board oversees the Company s cybersecurity risks management and reviews management reports on material cybersecurity risks and
issues on an as-needed basis. The chief executive officer (the CEO and the chief financial officer (the CFO are responsible for discussing material cybersecurity incidents or threats with specific constituencies before sign-off, ensuring thorough
review of information and disclosures. The CEO and CFO are also responsible for assessing, identifying and managing material risks from
cybersecurity threats to our company and monitoring the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of material cybersecurity incident,
maintaining oversight of the disclosure in the periodic reports (including our annual reports on Form 10-K) of the Company. 

Item
2. Properties. 

We
currently rent two facilities. Our PRC headquarters is in Shanghai and our U.S. headquarters is in New York. We have closed the two facilities
in Texas when the leases expired earlier this year. 

Office 
 
 Address 
 
 Rental
 Term 
 
 Space 
 
 New
 York, USA 
 
 98
 Cutter Mill Rd 
 Suite
 322 
 Great
 Neck, New York 11021 
 
 Expires
 07/31/2026 
 
 3,033
 ft 2 

Shanghai,
 PRC 
 
 Rm
 12D 12E, No.359 
 Dongdaming
 Road, 
 Hongkou
 District, 
 Shanghai,
 PRC 200080 
 
 Expires
 12/31/2024 
 
 3,078
 ft 2 

Texas,
 USA 
 
 6161
 Savoy Dr, 
 Suite
 1040 
 Houston,
 Texas 77036 
 
 Expired
 06/30/2024 
 
 954
 ft 2 

Texas,
 USA 
 
 12733
 Stafford Road, 
 Suite
 400 
 Stafford,
 Texas 77477 
 
 Expired
 07/31/2024 
 
 46,463
 ft 2 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

See
 Item 1. Business - Recent Developments for a description of legal proceedings the Company is currently involved in, which
is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

This
item is not applicable to the Company. 

20 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
for Our Common Stock 

Our
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SGLY. 

Holders
of Our Common Stock 

As
of September 12, 2024, there were 26 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include stockholders who hold their
shares of common stock in street name. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We anticipate that we will retain any earnings to support operations
and to finance the growth and development of our business. Therefore, we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board and will depend on a number of factors,
including future earnings, capital requirements, financial conditions and future prospects and other factors the Board may deem relevant.
Payments of dividends by our PRC subsidiaries to our company are subject to restrictions including primarily the restriction that foreign
invested enterprises may only buy, sell and/or remit foreign currencies at those banks authorized to conduct foreign exchange business
after providing valid commercial documents. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in the Report. This discussion contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of selected events could differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. 

Overview 

We
previously focused on providing customized freight logistics services, but starting in 2017, we began exploring new opportunities to
expand our business and generate more revenue. These opportunities ranged from complementary businesses to other new service and product
initiatives. In the fiscal years 2023 and 2024, while we continued to provide our freight logistics business, we expanded our services
to include warehousing services provided by our US subsidiary Brilliant Warehouse Service Inc. On January 3, 2022, we changed our corporate
name to Singularity Future Technology Ltd. to align with our entry into the digital assets business through our U.S. subsidiaries. During
2022, we engaged in purchases and sales of cryptocurrency mining machines through our U.S. subsidiaries. 

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, we were engaged in providing
freight logistics services including warehouse services, which were operated by our subsidiaries Trans Pacific Shipping Limited and Gorgeous
Trading Ltd. and Brilliant Warehouse Service Inc in the United States, . Our range of services include transportation, warehouse, collection,
last-mile delivery, drop shipping, customs clearance, and overseas transit delivery. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, the Company
did not sell crypto-mining machines. 

We
have not generated any revenues to date with respect to our entry into the solar panel production and distribution business. 

21 

Recent
Developments 

Reverse
Stock Split 

On
February 9, 2024, the Company effectuated a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of its common stock. Beginning on February 12, 2024, the Company s
common stock trades on The Nasdaq Stock Market on a split adjusted basis. Upon effectiveness of the reverse stock split, every 10 shares
of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock were automatically converted into one share of common stock. No fractional
shares were issued. Instead, any fractional shares that would have resulted from the split was rounded up to the next whole number. Trading
in the common stock continues on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol SGLY . The new CUSIP number for the common stock
following the reverse stock split is 82935V 307. The reverse stock split was intended to increase the per share trading price of the
Company s common stock to satisfy the 1.00 minimum bid price requirement for continued listing of the common stock on the NASDAQ
Stock Market. The reverse stock split did not affect the number of total authorized shares of common stock of the Company. 

Nasdaq
Listing Deficiencies 

On
January 3, 2024, the Company received a Staff determination notice from Nasdaq notifying the Company of the Staff s determination
to delist the Company s securities from Nasdaq because of the Company s failure to regain compliance with the 1 per share
minimum bid price requirement required for continued listing on the Nasdaq as set forth in Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). Pursuant to
the Nasdaq letter, unless the Company requested an appeal of the determination notice, trading of the Company s common stock would
be suspended at the opening of business on January 12, 2024. The Company appealed the delisting determination to a Hearings Panel, and
hearing was scheduled to be held on March 28, 2024. The Company s common stock would continue to be listed for trading pending
the Hearing Panel s decision. As discussed in Prospectus Summary - Recent Developments Reverse Stock Split, 
the Company effectuated a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of its common stock on February 9, 2024. Beginning on February 12, 2024, the Company s
Common Stock trades on The Nasdaq Stock Market on a split adjusted basis. 

On
March 12, 2024, the Company received a formal notification from the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC confirming that the Company had regained
compliance with bid price requirement required for continued listing on the Nasdaq as set forth in Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). Consequently,
the scheduled hearing before the Hearings Panel on March 28, 2024 had been cancelled. 

Receipt
of SEC Subpoena 

As
previously disclosed, on February 28, 2023 , the audit committee of the Company, after discussion with the management of the Company,
and in consultation with the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, concluded that the Company s previously
issued financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on November 29, 2021 (the 2021 Form 10-K should no
longer be relied upon as a result of incorrect accounting treatment of approximately 4.6 million of related party loan receivable. The
audit committee also concluded that the financial statements for the quarters ended September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2021 included
in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q (the 2021 Form 10-Qs, collectively with the 2021 Form 10-K, the Affected
Reports ), filed with the SEC on November 12, 2021 and February 14, 2022, respectively, should no longer be relied upon as a result
of incorrect recognition of revenue from freight shipping services in the amount of 980,200 for the three months ended September 30,
2021 and six months ended December 31, 2021. The Company corrected the errors referenced above in an amendment to (1) the 2021 Form 10-K
(the Amended Form 10-K and (2) each of the 2021 Form 10-Qs (the Amended Form 10-Qs, collectively with the
Amended Form 10-K, the Restatements ). 

On
June 17, 2024, the Company received a subpoena from the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC requesting the production
of certain documents related to an investigation by the SEC regarding the Restatements (the Investigation ). Because the
Investigation is at an early stage, the Company cannot predict its outcome, duration, or any potential consequences at this time. The
SEC has not advised the Company that it has concluded any legal violation has occurred, but any Investigation potentially could result
in government enforcement actions and, to civil and/or criminal sanctions under relevant laws. The Company intends to cooperate with
the SEC with respect to the Investigation. 

Entry
into Joint Venture 

On August 22, 2024, New Energy Tech Ltd., New Energy a New York corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a certain joint venture agreement (the JV Agreement with Market One Service Corp., a corporation organized under the laws of Wyoming, Market One ). Pursuant to the JV Agreement,
among other things and subject to the terms and conditions contained therein, New Energy and Market One agreed to establish a limited
company under the laws of Ohio, SG Campbells Creek Commodities (the JV ), to engage in the business of commodity trading
.. The parties also plan to expand into the sale of solar panels. 

22 

Impact
of COVID-19 

The
outbreak of the COVID-19 virus COVID-19 starting from late January 2020 in the PRC spread rapidly to many parts of the
world. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 as a pandemic. 

In
early December 2022, the Chinese government eased its strict control measures for COVID-19, which led to a surge in increased infections
and disruptions in our business operations. In 2023, our China operation continued to suffer from the impact of COVID-19, although to
a lesser extent. The impact of any future impact of COVID-19 on the Company s China operational results will depend on, to a large
extent, on the duration and resurgence of COVID-19 variants and the actions taken by government authorities to contain COVID-19 or treat
its impact, almost all of which are beyond our control. 

The
impact of COVID-19 on our business, financial condition, and results of operations include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Our
customers have been negatively impacted by the pandemic, which reduced their demand for freight logistics services. As a result, our
revenue for the year ended June 30, 2022 was down by approximately 1.2 million, or 22.6 and our freight revenue declined slightly in
the ear ended June 30, 2023. 

Due
to travel restrictions between US and China, our new business development for existing segments or new ventures has been slowed down. 

Our
sales of crypto mining machines were materially adversely affected by COVID-19. Specifically, Crypto mining machine manufacturers were
impacted by the constrained supply of the semiconductors used in the production of the highly specialized crypto mining machines. COVID-related
issues exacerbated port congestion and intermittent supplier shutdowns and delays, resulted in delayed shipments and additional expenses
to expedite delivery. As a result, we were unable to fulfil our customer orders on a timely basis, resulting in the cancellation of orders
and the partial refund of purchases, as evident from the SOSNY settlement. 

Although
the impact of COVID-19 on our operations decreased in 2023, such impact still exists and may continue to exist for an unforeseeable period
of time. The impact of any future spread of COVID-19 on the Company s China operation will depend, to a large extent, on the duration
and resurgence of COVID-19 variants and the actions taken by government authorities to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, almost all
of which is beyond our control. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

The
following table sets forth the results of our operations for the periods indicated: 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 

US 
 
 US 
 
 US 

Revenues 
 3,136,681 
 100.0 
 4,538,723 
 100.0 
 (1,402,042 
 (30.9 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 3,614,947 
 115.2 
 3,990,654 
 87.9 
 (375,707 
 (9.4 
 
 Gross margin 
 (15.2 
 N/A 
 12.1 
 N/A 
 (27.3 
 N/A 
 
 Selling expenses 
 252,278 
 8.0 
 232,569 
 5.1 
 19,709 
 8.5 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 5,031,852 
 160.4 
 11,572,888 
 255.0 
 (6,541,036 
 (56.5 
 
 Impairment loss of investment 
 - 
 - 
 128,369 
 2.8 
 (128,369 
 (100.0 
 
 Impairment loss of Cryptocurrencies 
 72,179 
 2.3 
 18,279 
 0.4 
 53,900 
 294.9 
 
 Impairment loss of fixed assets and right of use asset 
 - 
 - 
 33,469 
 0.7 
 (33,469 
 (100.0 
 
 Provision for doubtful accounts, net of recovery 
 87,629 
 2.8 
 2,827,511 
 62.3 
 (2,739,882 
 (96.9 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 329,778 
 7.3 
 (329,778 
 (100.0 
 
 Total costs and expenses 
 9,058,885 
 288.8 
 19,133,517 
 421.6 
 (10,074,632 
 (52.7 

23 

Revenues 

Revenues
decreased by 1,402,042, or approximately 30.9 , to 3,136,681 for the year ended June 30, 2024 from 4,538,723 for the year ended June
30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to decreased revenue from our sale of crypto mining equipment and the decline in revenues of
our freight logistics services. Revenues from our logistics services business decreased by 669,477, or approximately 17.6 , to 3,136,681
for the year ended June 30, 2024 from 3,806,158 for the year ended June 30, 2023.The Company ceased to sell crypto-mining equipment
since January 1, 2023. 

The
following tables present summary information by segments for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023: 

For the Year Ended June 30, 2024 

Freight Logistics Services 
 Sales of Crypto Mining Machines 
 Total 
 
 Net revenues 
 3,136,681 
 - 
 3,136,681 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 3,614,947 
 - 
 3,614,947 
 
 Gross profit 
 (478,266 
 - 
 (478,266 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 131,125 
 1,070 
 132,195 
 
 Total capital expenditures 
 (589 
 - 
 (589 
 
 Gross margin 
 (15.2 
 - 
 (15.2 

For the Year Ended June 30, 2023 

Freight Logistics Services 
 Sales of Crypto Mining Machines 
 Total 
 
 Net revenues 
 3,806,158 
 732,565 
 4,538,723 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 3,990,654 
 - 
 3,990,654 
 
 Gross profit 
 (184,496 
 732,565 
 548,069 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 163,635 
 713 
 164,348 
 
 Total capital expenditures 
 (38,440 
 2,852 
 (35,588 
 
 Gross margin 
 (4.8 
 100 
 12.1 

Changes For the Years Ended 
June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Freight Logistics Services 
 Sales of Crypto Mining Machines 
 Total 
 
 Net revenues 
 (17.6 
 (100.0 
 (30.9 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 (9.4 
 N/A 
 (9.4 
 
 Gross profit 
 159.2 
 (100.0 
 (187.3 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 (19.9 
 50.1 
 (19.6 
 
 Total capital expenditures 
 (98.5 
 (100.0 
 (98.3 
 
 Gross margin 
 (10.4 
 (100.0 
 (27.3 

24 

Disaggregated
information of revenues by geographic locations are as follows: 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 PRC 
 2,686,303 
 2,529,449 
 
 U.S. 
 450,378 
 2,009,274 
 
 Total revenues 
 3,136,681 
 4,538,723 

Revenues 

Freight
Logistics Services 

Freight
logistics services primarily consist of cargo forwarding, brokerage, warehouse and other freight services. Revenues from freight logistics
services were 3,136,681 for the year ended June 30, 2024, a decrease of 669,477, or approximately 17.6 , as compared to 3,806,158
for the year ended June 30, 2023. The decrease in shipping revenue of approximately 826,331 from our U.S. subsidiary, Brilliant Warehouse
was due to the decline of business volume, offset in part to an increase of revenue from our PRC operation of approximately 156,854
was due to increase several new customers. 

Sales
of Crypto Mining Machines 

On January 10, 2022, Thor Miner entered into a purchase and sale agreement
with SOSNY, a wholly owned subsidiary of SOS Ltd. Pursuant to the agreement, Thor Miner agreed to sell to SOSNY certain cryptocurrency
mining hardware and other equipment. The total purchase price was 200,000,000 and the purchase was expected to be completed under separate
purchase orders. We recognized the sales of cryptocurrency mining equipment based on a net basis as the manufacturer of the products
was responsible for shipping and custom clearing for the products. The net revenue amounted to 732,565 for the years ended June 30, 2023.
We ceased to sell crypto-mining equipment since January 1, 2023. 

Cost
of Revenues 

Cost
of revenues for our freight logistics services segment mainly consisted of freight costs to various freight carriers, cost of labor,
warehouse rent and other overhead and sundry costs. Cost of revenues for our freight logistics services segment was 3,614,947 for the
year ended June 30, 2024, a decrease of 375,707, or approximately 9.4 , as compared to 3,990,654 for the year ended June 30, 2023 as
a result of reduced activity in our truck dispatch business. We determined to restrict this business to large customers in order improve
profitability. 

Our
gross margin was (15.2 and 12.1 for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This decrease in gross margin was mainly
due to decreased revenue from our freight logistics business and ceased to sell crypto-mining equipment since January 1, 2023. 

Operating
Costs and Expenses 

Operating
costs and expenses decreased by 10,074,632 or approximately 52.7 from 9,058,885 for the year ended June 30, 2024 compared to 19,133,517
for the year ended June 30, 2023. This decrease was mainly due to the decrease in general and administrative expenses, provision for
doubtful accounts, stock-based compensation and impairment loss of investment as more fully discussed below. 

Selling
Expenses 

Our
selling expenses consisted primarily of salaries, meals and entertainment and travel expenses for our sales representatives. For the
year ended June 30, 2024, we had 252,278 in selling expenses, as compared to 232,569 for the year ended June 30, 2023, which represents
an increase of 19,709 or approximately 8.5 . The increase was mainly due to an increase in salaries as we added to employees and
incurred increased marketing expenses for the freight logistics segment for our sales team. 

25 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

Our
general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and benefits, travel expenses for our administration department, office
expenses, and regulatory filing and professional service fees for auditing, legal and IT consulting. For the year ended June 30, 2024,
we had 5,031,852 of general and administrative expenses, as compared to 11,572,888 for the year ended June 30, 2023, representing a
decrease of 6,541,036 or approximately 56.5 . The decrease was mainly due to the decreased lawyer fees of 4,633,711 which mainly related
to legal fees relating to the Company s special committee s investigation of claims of alleged fraud, misrepresentation,
and inadequate disclosure raised in the Hindenburg Report and other related matters incurred in the last fiscal year. 

Impairment
Loss of Cryptocurrencies 

We
recorded an impairment loss of 72,179 and 18,279 for the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 respectively, for the cryptocurrencies held
by us as the ownership of the cryptocurrencies could not be verified. 

Impairment
Loss of Fixed Assets and Right of Use Assets 

We
recorded impairment losses of nil and 33,469 for the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

We
recorded no impairment charges related to fixed assets and right of use assets during the years ended June 30, 2024. 

Impairment
Loss of Investment 

The
Company recorded 128,369 for the year ended June 30, 2023 due to the impairment of the Company s investment in LSM Trading Ltd.
No impairment loss was recorded for the year ended June 30, 2024. 

Provision
for Doubtful Accounts, Net of Recovery 

Our
total bad debt expenses amounted to approximately 87,629 for the year ended June 30, 2024, mainly due to the bad debt provision of 50,000
due the early termination of a lease agreement in Jericho, New York. 

Our
total bad debt expenses amounted to approximately 2.8 million for the year ended June 30, 2023, mostly due to a 3 million wire transfer
made by our former COO, Jing Shan to Goalowen Inc. on May 5, 2023 without the Board s authorization, as payment for the transfer
by Goalowen to the Company of an operating income right to be derived from fishing activities. The Company has demanded the return of
the 3 million but has not been successful. As of June 30, 2023, the Company reviewed the unauthorized transfer, evaluated the collection
possibility, and decided to provide 100 allowance provision with amount of USD 3 million. 

Stock-based
Compensation 

Stock-based
compensation was nil and 329,778 for the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, and we did not issue any stock compensation to employees
and directors in the fiscal year of 2024. 

26 

Loss
from disposal of subsidiaries and VIE 

On
October 24, 2023, February 19, 2024 and April 17, 2024, the Company dissolved its subsidiaries of Ningbo Saimeinuo Web Technology Ltd.,
Thor Miner Inc. and Blumargo It Solution Ltd., respectively. Total gain from the three disposals was 359,781. 

Since
these entities did not have any active operations prior to their disposal, the disposal did not represent a strategic change in the Company s
business. As such, the disposal was not presented as a discontinued operation. 

Lawsuit
settlement expenses 

We
recorded 8.4 million in lawsuit settlement expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to nil in lawsuit settlement expenses
for the year ended June 30, 2024. The expenses were related to the lawsuits in connection with the Securities Purchase
Agreement and the Financial Advisory Agreement described in Item 1. Business Litigation. 

Other
Expenses, Net 

Other
income, net was 90,649 for the year ended June 30, 2024, which mainly consisted of interest income of 185,626 and exchange loss of
 119,992, as compared to 74,989 for the year ended June 30, 2023, which mainly consisted of interest expense for our convertible debt
of approximately 250,000 and the gain on disposal of right of use assets and fixed assets of 190,897 . 

Taxes 

Our
income tax expenses amounted to nil and 135,855 for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

We
have incurred a cumulative U.S. federal net operating loss NOL of approximately 41,700,000 as of June 30, 2023, which
may reduce future federal taxable income. The NOL generated for the year ended June 30, 2024 amounted to approximately 5,500,000. The
Tax benefit derived from this NOL was approximately 1,155,000. As of June 30, 2024, our cumulative NOL amounted to approximately 47,200,000. 

Our
operations in China have incurred a cumulative NOL of approximately 1,703,000 as of June 30, 2023, which was mainly from net losses.
During the year ended June 30, 2024, we generated an additional NOL of approximately 359,000 due to increased third party service cots
as a result of our special committee s investigation. Our PRC subsidiaries cumulative NOL amounted to approximately 2,062,000
as of June 30, 2024, which may reduce future taxable income and will expire by 2026. 

We
periodically evaluate the likelihood of the realization of our deferred tax assets and reduce the carrying amount of the deferred tax
assets by a valuation allowance to the extent we believe a portion will not be realized. Management considers new evidence, both positive
and negative, that could affect our future realization of deferred tax assets including our recent cumulative earnings experience, expectation
of future income, the carry forward periods available for tax reporting purposes and other relevant factors. We determined that it is
more likely than not our deferred tax assets would not be realized due to uncertainty on future earnings as a result of the Company s
reorganization and venture into new businesses. We provided a 100 allowance for deferred tax assets as of June 30, 2024. The net increase
in valuation for the year ended June 30, 2024 amounted to approximately 1,196,000 based on management s reassessment of the amount
of our deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized. 

Net
Loss 

As
a result of the foregoing, we had a net loss of 5,471,774 for the year ended June 30, 2024, compared to a net loss of 23,098,342 for
the year ended June 30, 2023. After the deduction of non-controlling interest, net loss attributable to us was 5,108,528 for the year
ended June 30, 2024, compared to 22,996,846 for the same period in 2023. Comprehensive loss attributable to us was 5,039,492 for the
year ended June 30, 2024, as compared to 22,952,349 for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

27 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Cash
Flows and Working Capital 

As
of June 30, 2024, we had 14,641,967 in cash (including cash on hand and cash in bank) and 3,094,092 in restricted cash. Our cash position
improved in the year ended June 30, 2024 due to the receipt of 9.8 million from the year-end private placement. The majority of our
cash is in banks located in the Djibouti a country in East Africa and the restricted cash is in banks located in U.S. 

The
following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods as indicated: 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (4,408,691 
 (33,643,405 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 75,580 
 (2,225,708 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 4,456,576 
 (2,125,420 
 
 Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash 
 222,438 
 (448,593 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 345,903 
 (38,443,126 
 
 Cash at the beginning of period 
 17,390,156 
 55,833,282 
 
 Cash at the end of period 
 17,736,059 
 17,390,156 

The
following table sets forth a summary of our working capital: 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Variation 

Total Current Assets 
 18,247,523 
 18,192,716 
 54,807 
 0.3 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 5,343,001 
 5,031,769 
 311,232 
 6.2 
 
 Working Capital 
 12,904,522 
 13,160,947 
 (256,425 
 (1.9 
 
 Current Ratio 
 3.42 
 3.62 
 (0.20 
 (5.5 

In
assessing the liquidity, we monitor and analyze our cash on-hand and our operating and capital expenditure commitments. Our liquidity
needs are to meet our working capital requirements, operating expenses and capital expenditure obligations. As of June 30, 2024, our
working capital was 12,904,522 and we had cash and restricted cash of approximately 17,736,059 (including 14,641,967 in cash and 3,094,092
in restricted cash). We believe our current working capital is sufficient to support our operations and debt obligations as they become
due within one year from the date of this Report. 

28 

Operating
Activities 

Our
net cash used in operating activities was approximately 4.4 million for the year ended June 30, 2024. The operating cash outflow for
the year ended June 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to our net loss of approximately 5.5 million. 

Our
net cash used in operating activities was approximately 33.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2023. The operating cash outflow for
the year ended June 30, 2023 was primarily attributable to our net loss of approximately 23.1 million which included a 8.4 million
lawsuit settlement. Our cash outflow also included deferred revenue of approximately 6.9 million where we realized revenue from the
sale of crypto mining equipment and a decrease in refund payable of 13.0 million as a result of the settlement payment to SOSNY, offset
by cash inflow consisting of advance to a related party supplier of approximately 6.2 million which we realized as the cost for the
sale of cryptocurrency equipment. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by investing activities was 0.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2024 due to repayments from related parties from Zhejiang
Jinbang, which is owned by Mr. Qinggang Wang. 

Net
cash used in investing activities was approximately 2.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2023. This is mainly due to an amount of
 3.0 million paid to Goalowen Inc. with an operating income right transfer contract. We also had cash inflows from repayment of a loan
receivable of approximately 0.5 million from Qinggang Wang and Lei Cao, who are related parties, and 0.09 million from the sale of
property and equipment, and repayments from related parties of approximately 0.3 million. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended June 30, 2024 was 4.5 million due to proceeds from issuance of common stock
of 9.9 million and the repayment of 5 million of convertible notes and accrued interest of 0.4 million. 

Financing
activities for the year ended June 30, 2023 was mainly payment of 2.1 million for fair value of shares to be cancelled in our legal
settlement. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and the
Company s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the Company s management to make
judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
of the notes to the financial statements included elsewhere in this Report describe the significant accounting policies and methods used
in the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements. There have been no material changes to the Company s
critical accounting estimates since the date of this Report. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

29 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The
Company s financial statements and the related notes, together with the report of Audit Alliance LLP, are set forth following the
signature pages of this Report. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

As
of June 30, 2024, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision of and with the participation of its management, including
the Company s Chief Operating Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures. Based on the foregoing evaluation, the Chief Operating Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective to ensure that the information
required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the applicable rules and forms due to ineffective internal controls over financial
reporting as more fully described below. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company s internal control over financial reporting
is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets; 

provide reasonable assurance
 that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that
 the Company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of its management and directors;
 and 

provide reasonable assurance
 regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could
 have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management
conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set
forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013
framework). Based on the Company s assessment, management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was
not effective due to the following material weaknesses for the year ended and as of June 30, 2024: 

Lack of segregation of
 duties for accounting personnel who prepared and reviewed the journal entries in some of the subsidiaries within the consolidation,
 lack of supervision, coordination and communication of financial information between different entities within the Group; 

Lack of a full time U.S.
 GAAP personnel in the accounting department to monitor the recording of the transactions which led to error in revenue recognition
 in previously issued financial statements; 

Lack of resources with
 technical competency to address, review and record non-routine or complex transactions under U.S. GAAP; 

Lack of management control reviews of the budget against
 actual with analysis of the variance with a precision that can be explained through the analysis of the accounts; 

Lack of proper procedures
 in identifying and recording related party transactions which led to restatement of previously issued financial statements (See Note
 1 of the accompanying consolidated financial statement footnotes); 

Lack of proper procedures
 to maintain supporting documents for accounting record; and 

Lack of proper oversight
 for the Company s cash disbursement process that led to misuse of the Company funds by its former executive. 

30 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, within the meaning of PCAOB Auditing Standard AS 2201, in internal
control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual
or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

In
order to remediate the material weaknesses stated above, we intend to implement the following measures, policies and procedures: 

Hiring additional accounting
 staff to report the internal financial timely; 

Reporting other material
 and non-routine transactions to the Board and obtain proper approval; 

Recruiting additional qualified
 professionals with appropriate levels of U.S. GAAP knowledge and experience to assist in resolving accounting issues in non-routine
 or complex transactions; 

Developing and conducting
 U.S. GAAP knowledge, SEC reporting and internal control training to senior executives, management personnel, accounting departments
 and the IT staff, so that management and key personnel understand the requirements and elements of internal control over financial
 reporting mandated by the U.S. securities laws; 

Setting up budgets and
 developing expectations based on understanding of the business operations, compare the actual results with the expectations periodically
 and document the reasons for the fluctuations with further analysis. This should be done by CFO and reviewed by CEO upon their communications
 with the Board; 

Strengthening our corporate
 governance; 

Setting up policies and
 procedures for the Company s related party identification to properly identify, record and disclose related party transactions;
 and 

Setting up proper procedures
 for the Company s fund disbursement process to ensure that cash is disbursed only upon proper authorization, for valid business
 purposes, and that all disbursements are properly recorded. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2024 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

During
the quarter ended June 30, 2024, director or Section 16 officer adopted or terminated any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or non-Rule
10b5-1 trading arrangements. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

31 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions
 Held 
 
 Ziyuan Liu 
 
 35 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board 
 
 Ying Cao 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Xu Zhao 
 
 38 
 
 Director 
 
 Jia Yang 
 
 30 
 
 Director, Vice President 
 
 Zhongliang Xie 
 
 53 
 
 Director 
 
 Yangyang Xu 
 
 39 
 
 Director 

Ziyuan
Liu 

Mr.
Ziyuan Liu has been our Chief Executive Officer since April 2023 and a director and chairman of the Board since May 2023. Before joining
the Company, Mr. Liu served as the manager of the North American market development department in Fulongma Group Co., Ltd., a comprehensive
environmental sanitation solutions provider in China, from July 2022 to April 2023. Prior to that, he worked for Ningbo Shunxiang Group
Co., Ltd., a polyester film manufacturer in China, as the chief operating officer from July 2019 to July 2022. From July 2018 to June
2019, he served as the project manager for Shouhang New Energy, a solar photovoltaics and energy storage solutions supplier in China.
Prior to that, he worked for Hongkun Group, a real estate developer based in China, as the general manger for the Shenzhen area from
July 2015 to June 2018. Mr. Liu graduated from Wuhan Institute of Technology with a major in project management. 

Ying
Cao 

Mr.
Ying Cao has been our Chief Financial Officer since August 2023. He has served as the department
manager and quality control manager at Shaanxi Huaqiang Certified Public Accountants Co., Ltd. since 2015. Prior to that, he served as
a project manager in Sigma Accounting Firm from 2007 to 2014. Mr. Cao obtained his bachelor s degree in accounting from Xi an
University of Finance and Economics. Mr. Ying Cao is a Certified Public Accountant in China. 

Xu
Zhao 

Mr.
Xu Zhao has been a director since September 2023. Mr. Zhao has worked as the president of Shijiazhuang Juminhui Technology Co., Ltd.,
a Chinese trading company since March 2023. He was the regional manager for Hebei Province of Jiangsu Hengrui Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.,
a Chinese pharmaceutical company from September 2009 to July 2022. Mr. Zhao received his bachelor s degree in marketing from Nankai
University Binhai College in 2009. 

Jia
Yang 

Ms.
Jia Yang has served as a vice president of the Company and a director of the Board since August 2024. Ms. Yang was the chief operating
office at Beijing Angda Yingchuang Innovative Materials Technology Co., Ltd. since January 2023. Prior to that, she was an executive
officer at Zhongjian Tianxia Beijing Investment Management Co., Ltd. from October 2021 to December 2022. From November 2019 to November
2021, Ms. Yang was the executive assistant to hotel manager/marketing executive at The Ritz-Carlton Xi an. Ms. Yang graduated from
Xi an International Studies University in 2016 with a major in English education. 

32 

Zhongliang
Xie 

Mr.
Zhongliang Xie has been a director since July 2023. He has served as the General Manager of Zhongxing Cai Guanghua Certified Public Accountants,
Shaanxi Branch since January 2019. He has also served as the vice president of Shanxi NEEQ Federation since January 2017, and an Internal
Committee member of Shanxi Provincial Equity Exchange Center since August 2021. From April 2008 to December 2018, he worked as the General
Manager of Beijing Xinghua Certified Public Accountants, Xi an Branch. From May 2005 to April 2008, he was the Controller of Zhongyi
Far East Import Export Co., Ltd. Mr. Xie graduated from Bao Ji University majoring in Enterprise Management. He is a Certified
Public Accountant, Certified Public Valuer and Registered Cost Engineer in China. 

Yangyang
Xu 

Ms.
Yangyang Xu has served as an independent director of the Company since October 2023. Ms. Xu was as a senior customer manager at Beijing
Sensetime Technology Development Co., Ltd., a leading AI software company focused on innovating for a better AI-empowered future, from
May 2018. Prior to that, from February 2011 to April 2018, she served as the general manager of communications at Bus Online Technology
Co., Ltd., a company primarily involved in the manufacture and distribution of electronic components. Before that, Ms. Xu held managerial
positions with Beijing Sumavision Technology Co., Ltd, and Beijing Gallop Horse Film and Culture Development Group. Ms. Xu received a
bachelor s degree in management from Harbin University of Commerce in 2006. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
the best of our knowledge, none of our current directors or executive officer has been convicted in a criminal proceeding, excluding
traffic violations or similar misdemeanors, or has been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding during the past ten years
that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject
to, federal or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of federal or state securities or commodities laws, any laws respecting
financial institutions or insurance companies, any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud in connection with any business entity
or been subject to any disciplinary sanctions or orders imposed by a stock, commodities or derivatives exchange or other self-regulatory
organization, except for matters that were dismissed without sanction or settlement. 

Board
Diversity Matrix 

Pursuant
to the Nasdaq s Board Diversity Rules, below is the Company s board diversity matrix outlining diversity statistics regarding
our Board. 

Board
 Diversity Matrix as of October 15, 2024 
 
 Total Number
 of Directors 
 
 5 

Female 

Male 

Non-Binary 

Did
 Not 
 Disclose 
 Gender 

Part I: Gender Identity 

Directors 
 
 2 

3 

Part II: Demographic
 Background 

Asian 

5 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of our common
stock, file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten percent stockholders
are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on our review of the copies of the
forms received by us and written representations from certain reporting persons that they have complied with the relevant filing requirements,
we believe that, during the year ended June 30, 2024, all of our executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten percent stockholders
complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements, except that, due to administrative errors, the following forms were filed late: 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including those officers
responsible for financial reporting. The code of business conduct and ethics is available at our website at www.singularity.us .
We expect that any amendments to the code, or any waivers of its requirement, will be disclosed on our website. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
Board has three standing committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.
The composition and function of each committee are described below. 

33 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee consists of Zhongliang Xie, Yangyang Xu and Xu Zhao, who are each independent. Mr. Xie chairs the Audit Committee and
qualifies as the audit committee financial expert. Our Audit Committee has adopted a written charter, and a copy of this charter is posted
on the Company s website, at www.singularity.us . Under such charter, our Audit Committee is authorized to: 

prepare and publish an
 annual Committee report as required by the SEC to be included in the Company s annual proxy statement; 

discuss with management
 and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements, including the Company s
 disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and other
 matters required to be reviewed under applicable legal, regulatory, professional or NASDAQ requirements; 

discuss with management
 and the independent auditor, as appropriate, any audit problems or difficulties and management s response; 

discuss with management
 the Company s risk assessment and risk management policies, including the Company s major financial risk exposure and
 steps taken by management to monitor and mitigate such exposure; 

review the Company s
 financial reporting and accounting standards and principles, significant changes in such standards or principles or in their application
 and the key accounting decisions affecting the Company s financial statements, including alternatives to, and the rationale
 for, the decisions made; 

review and approve the
 internal corporate audit staff functions, including: (i) purpose, authority and organizational reporting lines; (ii) annual audit
 plans, budget and staffing; and (iii) concurrence in the appointment, termination, compensation and rotation of the audit staff;

review, with such members
 of management as the Committee deems appropriate, the Company s internal system of audit and financial controls and the results
 of internal audits; 

obtain and review at least
 annually a formal written report from the independent auditor delineating: the auditing firms internal quality-control procedures;
 any material issues raised within the preceding five years by the auditing firms internal quality-control reviews, by peer reviews
 of the firm, or by any governmental or other inquiry or investigation relating to any audit conducted by the firm. The Committee
 will also review steps taken by the auditing firm to address any findings in any of the foregoing reviews. Also, in order to assess
 auditor independence, the Committee will review at least annually all relationships between the independent auditor and the Company; 

set policies for the hiring
 of employees or former employees of the Company s independent auditor and, at least annually, evaluate the qualifications,
 performance and independence of the independent auditors, including an evaluation of the lead audit partner; and to assure the regular
 rotation of the lead audit partner at our independent auditors and consider regular rotation of the accounting firm serving as our
 independent auditors; 

review and investigate
 any matters pertaining to the integrity of management, including conflicts of interest, or adherence to standards of business conduct
 as required in the policies of the Company. This should include regular reviews of the compliance processes in general. In connection
 with these reviews, the Committee will meet, as deemed appropriate, with the general counsel and other Company officers or employees; 

retain such outside counsel,
 experts and other advisors as the Committee may deem appropriate in its sole discretion; 

review at least annually
 the adequacy of this charter and recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval and assume additional responsibilities
 and take additional actions as may be delegated to it by the Board; 

establish procedures for
 the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints on accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, as well as for
 confidential, anonymous submissions by Company employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; 

conduct any investigation
 appropriate to fulfilling its responsibilities contained in this charter, communicate directly with the independent audit firm and
 any employee of the Company, and conduct its activities in accordance with the policies and principles contained in the Company s
 Corporate Governance Principles. 

34 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee is composed of three independent directors including Zhongliang Xie, Yangyang Xu and Xu Zhao. Ms. Yangyang Xu
serves as the chairwoman of the Compensation Committee. Our Compensation Committee has adopted a written charter, and a copy of this
charter is posted on our website, at www.singularity.us . Our Compensation Committee is authorized to: 

review and determine the
 compensation arrangements for management; 

establish and review general
 compensation policies with the objective to attract and retain superior talent, to reward individual performance and to achieve our
 financial goals; 

review and determine our
 stock incentive and purchase plans; 

oversee the evaluation
 of the board of directors and management; and 

review the independence
 of any compensation advisers. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is composed of three independent directors including Zhongliang Xie, Yangyang Xu and Xu
Zhao. Xu Zhao serves as the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
has adopted a written charter, and a copy of this charter is posted on our website, at www.singularity.us. The functions of our
Governance Committee, among other things, include: 

identifying individuals qualified to become board members
 and recommending directors; 

nominating board members for committee membership; 

developing and recommending to our board corporate
 governance guidelines; 

reviewing and determining the compensation arrangements
 for directors; and 

overseeing the evaluation of our Board and its committees
 and management. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of the members of our Compensation Committee, at any time has at any time, been one of our officers or employees, or, during the last
two fiscal years, a participant in a related-party transaction that is required to be disclosed. None of our executive officers currently
serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of our Board or Compensation Committee of any entity that has one or more executive
officers on our Board or Compensation Committee. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
 following table shows the annual compensation paid by us to Mr. Lei Cao, our former Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman, Ms. Yang Jie, our former Chief Executive Officer and director, Ms. Tuo Pan, our former Chief Financial Officer,
Mr. Zhikang Huang, our former Vice President, Mr. Jing Shan, our former Chief Operating Officer, Ziyuan Liu, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman, Dianjiang Wang, our former Chief Financial Officer, and Ying Cao, our Chief Financial Officer for the years ended June
30, 2023 and 2024 . 

35 

Name 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Securities- based Compensation 
 All other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Lei Cao, 
 2024 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer (1)(6) 
 2023 
 261,364 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 261,364 

Tuo Pan, 
 2024 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Former Chief Financial Officer (2)(7) 
 2023 
 66,667 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 66,667 

Zhikang Huang, 
 2024 
 50,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 50,000 
 
 Former Vice President and Director (3)(8) 
 2023 
 150,000 
 666 
 - 
 - 
 150,666 

Jing Shan, 
 2024 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Former Chief Operating Officer (4) 
 2023 
 223,185 
 92,332 
 - 
 - 
 315,517 

Yang Jie, (5) 
 2024 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer and director (9) 
 2023 
 52,536 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 52,536 

Ziyuan Liu 
 2024 
 180,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 180,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (10) 
 2023 
 49,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 49,000 

Dianjiang Wang 
 2024 
 7,391 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,391 
 
 Former Chief Financial Officer (11) 
 2023 
 10,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10,000 

Ying Cao 
 2024 
 46,957 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 46,957 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (12) 
 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 According to the Employment
 Agreement dated January 1, 2019, Mr. Cao s annual salary was 260,000, effective January 1, 2019. According to the Employment
 Agreement dated November 1, 2021, Mr. Cao s annual salary was 500,000, effective November 1, 2021. 

(2) 
 According to the Employment
 Agreement dated January 1, 2019, Ms. Pan s annual salary was 100,000, effective January 1, 2019. According to the Employment
 Agreement dated November 1, 2021, Ms. Pan s annual salary was 400,000, effective November 1, 2021. 

(3) 
 According to the Employment
 Agreement dated January 1, 2019, Mr. Huang s annual salary was 150,000, effective January 1, 2019. 

(4) 
 According to the Employment
 Agreement dated August 5, 2021, Ms. Shan s annual salary was 120,000, effective August 5, 2021. According to the Employment
 Agreement dated February 8, 2022, Ms. Shan s annual salary was 200,000, effective February 8, 2022 and was raised to 250,000
 since August 15, 2022. Pursuant to the cancellation agreement entered into on December 28, 2022, Ms. Shan agreed to return to the
 Company for cancellation 100,000 shares of common stock of the Company granted to her for her services as an officer of the Company.
 The shares are being cancelled. 

(5) 
 Pursuant to the cancellation
 agreement entered into on December 19, 2022, Mr. Jie agreed to return to the Company for cancellation 300,000 shares of common stock
 of the Company granted to him for his services as an officer of the Company. The shares have been cancelled. 

(6) 
 On November 1, 2021, Mr.
 Cao, retired from his position as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Cao resigned from the Board on January 9, 2023.
 Pursuant to the separation agreement entered into on January 9, 2023, Mr. Cao agreed to forfeit and return to the Company for cancellation
 600,000 shares of common stock of the Company granted to him on August 13, 2021 under the terms of the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan
 of the Company. The shares are being cancelled. 

(7) 
 On August 31, 2022, Ms.
 Pan was terminated for cause as an employee and Chief Financial Officer of the Company and from any other position at any subsidiary
 of the Company to which she has been appointed. Ms. Pan was terminated for cause in accordance with the terms of her Employment Agreement
 dated November 9, 2021 and did not receive any salary or benefits from the Company except those earned through August 31, 2022. 

(8) 
 On November 1, 2021, Mr.
 Huang resigned from his position as a member of the Board of the Company. 

(9) 
 On August 9, 2022, Mr.
 Jie resigned as Chief Executive Officer and director, following the Board s decision on August 8, 2022, which adopted the Special
 Committee s recommendation that Mr. Jie be suspended immediately. 

(10) 
 According to the Employment
 Agreement dated April 18, 2023, Mr. Liu s compensation consists of an annual base salary of 240,000 in cash and a discretionary
 annual bonus, effective April 18, 2023. 

(11) 
 According to the Employment Agreement dated May 1,
 2023, Mr. Wang s compensation consists of an annual base salary of 60,00, and a discretionary annual bonus, effective May
 1, 2023. Mr. Wang resigned as Chief Financial Officer on August 21, 2023. 

(12) 
 According to the Employment Agreement dated August
 21, 2023, Mr. Cao s compensation consists of an annual base salary of 60,00, and a discretionary annual bonus, effective August
 21, 2023. 

36 

Outstanding
Equity Awards of Named Executive Officers at Fiscal Year-End 

None. 

Director
Compensation 

The
table below sets forth the compensation received by our directors in the year ended June 30, 2024. 

Name (1) 
 Fees earned or paid in cash ) 
 Stock awards ) 
 Option awards ) 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Zhongliang Xie 
 45,968 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 45,968 
 
 Xu Zhao 
 38,333 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 38,333 
 
 Yangyang Xu 
 36,944 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 36,944 
 
 Jia Yang 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Heng Wang (2) 
 11,250 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 11,250 
 
 Tieliang Liu (3) 
 403 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 403 
 
 Ling Jiang (4) 
 12,222 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 12,222 
 
 Haotian Song (5) 
 52,667 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 52,667 

(1) 
 This table does not include
 Mr. Ziyuan Liu, our Chief Executive Officer and director whose compensation is fully reflected in the Summary Compensation Table. 

(2) 
 On September 21, 2023,
 Mr. Heng Wang resigned as a director. 

(3) 
 On July 3, 2023, Mr. Tieliang
 Liu resigned as a director. 

(4) 
 On September 28, 2023,
 Ms. Ling Jiang resigned as a director. 

(5) 
 On July 31, 2024, Mr. Haitian
 Song resigned as a director. 

Employment
Agreements 

The
Company has an employment agreement with Mr. Ziyuan Liu, our Chief Executive Officer. The employment agreement began on April 18, 2022,
with a term of one year. The term shall automatically be extended for a one-year period in the absence of notice of non-renewal provided
at least 30 days prior to the anniversary date of the employment agreement. Under the terms of the employment agreement, Mr. Liu will
receive an annual base salary of 240,000 in cash, and a discretionary annual bonus. 

The
Company had an employment agreement with Mr. Dianjiang Wang, our Former Chief Financial Officer. The employment agreement began on May
1, 2023, with a term of one year. Mr. Dianjiang Wang resigned in August 2023. 

The
Company has an employment agreement with Mr. Ying Cao, our Chief Financial Officer. The employment agreement began on August 21, 2023,
with a term of one year. The term shall automatically be extended for a one-year period in the absence of notice of non-renewal provided
at least 30 days prior to the anniversary date of the employment agreement. Under the terms of the employment agreement, Mr. Cao will
receive an annual base salary of 60,000 in cash, and a discretionary annual bonus. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The following table sets forth
certain information regarding our shares of common stock beneficially owned as of October 15, 2024, for (i) each named executive officer
and director, and (ii) all executive officers and directors as a group. As of October 15, 2024, there was no stockholder known to be the
beneficial owner of 5 or more of our outstanding shares of common stock. A person is considered to beneficially own any shares: (i) over
which such person, directly or indirectly, exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or (ii) of which such person has the right
to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days through an exercise of stock options or warrants. Unless otherwise indicated,
voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the table for our directors and executive officers is exercised solely by
the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the owner s spouse or children. In the table below, percentage ownership is based
on 3,503,492 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of October 15, 2024. 

37 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Shares of Common Stock 
 
 Ziyuan Liu 
 - 

Ying Cao 
 - 
 - 
 
 Yangyang Xu 
 - 

Jia Yang 
 - 

Zhongliang Xie 
 - 

Xu Zhao 
 - 

All directors and executive officers as a group (Six individuals) 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 The individual s
 address is c/o Singularity Future Technology, Ltd., 98 Cutter Mill Road, Suite 311, Great Neck, New York 11021. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance to Our Officers, Directors, Employees and Consultants under Equity Compensation Plans 

The below table reflects,
as of October 15, 2024, the number of shares of common stock authorized by our stockholders to be issued (directly or by way of issuance
of securities exercisable for or convertible into) as incentive compensation to our officers, directors, employees and consultants. 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans under the 2008 Incentive Plan approved by security holders 
 2,000 
 10.05 
 47,781 (1) 

Equity compensation plans under the 2014 Incentive Plan approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 110,000 (1) 

Equity compensation plans under the 2021 Incentive Plan approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 9,800,000 (1) 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Pursuant
 to our 2008 Incentive Plan, we are authorized to issue options to purchase 60,581 shares of our common stock. The 2,000 outstanding
 options disclosed in the above table are taken from the 2008 Incentive Plan. Pursuant to our 2014 Incentive Plan, we are authorized
 to issue, in the aggregate, 2,000,000 shares of common stock or other securities convertible or exercisable for common stock. We
 granted options to purchase an aggregate of 30,000 shares of common stock under the 2014 Incentive Plan in July 2016, among which,
 options to purchase 15,000 shares of common stock have been exercised. In addition, we have issued, in the aggregate, 120,000 shares
 of common stock to consultants to our Company in 2014, 132,000 shares of common stock to our officers and directors in 2016, 132,000
 shares of common stock to our officers and directors in 2018, 26,000 to three employees in 2017 and 316,000 shares of common stock
 to employees in 2018. On September 2021, the board granted 1,020,000 shares of common stock to our officers and directors under the
 2014 Incentive Plan. 
 
 Accordingly,
 we may issue options to purchase 47,781 shares under the 2008 Incentive Plan, and we may issue 110,000 and 9,800,000 shares of common
 stock or other securities convertible or exercisable for common stock under the 2014 Incentive Plan and the 2021 Incentive plan respectively.
 Pursuant to certain agreements, the 600,000 shares issued to Lei Cao under the 2014 Incentive Plan, and the 300,000 and 100,000 shares
 issued to Yang Jie and Jing Shan, respectively, under the 2021 Incentive Plan, have been canceled. 

38 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Related
Transactions 

Set
forth below are our transactions with related persons for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2024. 

Due
from Related Party 

As
of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, the outstanding amounts due from related parties consist of the following: 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Zhejiang Jinbang Fuel Energy Co., Ltd (1) 
 382,949 
 458,607 
 
 Shanghai Baoyin Industrial Co., Ltd (2) 
 1,066,003 
 1,068,014 
 
 LSM Trading Ltd (3) 
 570,000 
 570,000 
 
 Rich Trading Co. Ltd (4) 
 103,424 
 103,424 
 
 Lei Cao 
 - 
 13,166 
 
 Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 
 (2,122,376 
 (2,138,276 
 
 Total 
 - 
 74,935 

(1) 
 As of June 30, 2024 and
 2023, the Company advanced 382,949 and 458,607 to Zhejiang Jinbang Fuel Energy Co., Ltd Zhejiang Jinbang which is 30 owned by Mr. Wang Qinggang, CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Shanghai. The advance is non-interest
 bearing and due on demand. The Company provided allowances of 382,949 and 383,672 for the balance of the receivable as
 of June 30, 2024 and 2023. The amount of the allowance changed as a result of changes in exchange rates. 

(2) 
 As of June 30, 2024 and
 2023, the Company advanced 1,066,003 and 1,068,014 to Shanghai Baoyin Industrial Co., Ltd. which is 30 owned by Qinggang Wang,
 CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Logistic Shanghai Ltd. The advance is non-interest bearing and due on demand. The Company
 provided full credit losses for the balance of the receivable. 

(3) 
 As of June 30, 2024 and
 2023, the Company advanced 570,000 to LSM Trading Ltd, which is 40 owned by the Company. The advance is non-interest bearing and
 due on demand. The Company evaluated the collection possibility and decided to provide full credit losses for the balance of the
 receivable. 

(4) 
 On November 16, 2021, the
 Company entered into a project cooperation agreement with Rich Trading Co. Ltd USA Rich Trading for the trading of
 computer equipment. Rich Trading s bank account was controlled by now-terminated members of the Company s management
 and was, at the time, an undisclosed related party. According to the agreement, the Company was to invest 4.5 million in the
 trading business operated by Rich Trading and the Company would be entitled to 90 of profits generated by the trading business.
 The Company advanced 3,303,424 for this project, of which 3,200,000 has been returned to the Company. The Company filed
 a complaint to recover the remainder of the funds advanced. The Company provided an allowance of 103,424 for the balance of
 the receivable as of June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

39 

Accounts
payable- related parties 

As
of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had accounts payable to Rich Trading Co. Ltd of 63,434. 

Other
payable - related party 

As
of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had accounts payable to Qinggang Wang, CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Shanghai,
of 25,997 and 104,962. These payments were made on behalf of the Company for the daily business operational activities. 

As
of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had accounts payable to 199,034 and nil to Zhejiang Jinbang Fuel Energy Co., Ltd Zhejiang
Jinbang which is 30 owned by Mr. Wang Qinggang, CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Shanghai. 

Revenue
- Related Party 

The
company had no revenue from a related party for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2024. 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board has determined that each of Zhongliang Xie, Yangyang Xu and Xu Zhao is an independent director as defined by the
applicable SEC rules and Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Set
forth below are the aggregate fees billed by Audit Alliance LLP, our independent registered accounting firm, for the fiscal years ended
June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 for services rendered by them as our independent registered accounting firm for such years. 

Fiscal 2024 
 Fiscal 2023 
 
 Audit fees 
 376,000 
 390,100 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Audit Audit-related fees 
 376,000 
 390,100 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total fees 
 376,000 
 390,100 

Audit
fees consist of fees billed for services rendered for the audit of our financial statements and review of our financial statements included
in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services provided in connection with other statutory or regulatory filings. 

Audit-related
fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of our financial statements and not reported under Audit fees. No such fees were billed in fiscal 2024 or 2023. 

Tax
fees consist of fees billed for professional services related to the preparation of our U.S. federal and state income tax returns and
tax advice. No such fees were billed by Audit Alliance LLP in fiscal 2024 or 2023. The Audit Committee pre-approved all Audit-related
fees. After considering the provision of services encompassed within the above disclosures about fees, the Audit Committee has determined
that the provision of such services is compatible with maintaining Audit Alliance s independence. 

The
Audit Committee s policy is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval
is generally provided for up to one year, and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is
generally subject to a specific budget. The independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to periodically
report to the full Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in
accordance with this pre-approval and the fees for the services performed to date. 

40 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

Number 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Singularity Future Technology, Ltd. (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (2) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (3) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Bylaws of Singularity Future Technology, Ltd. (4) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Certificate for Common Stock (4) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between Mr. Ziyuan Liu and the Company, dated May 1, 2023 (5) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Mr. Ying Cao and the Company, dated August 21, 2023 (6) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Ms. Jia Yang and the Company, dated August 6, 2024 (7) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics of the Company (8) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries of the Company 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Audit Alliance LLP 
 
 31 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 32 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 97.1 
 
 Clawback Policy 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

(1) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2014. 

(2) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2022. 

(3) 
 Incorporated herein by
 reference to exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2022. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration Nos. 333-150858 and 333-148611. 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2023. 

(6) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on August 21, 2023. 

(7) 
 Incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2024. 

(8) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB filed on September 29, 2008 (File No. 001-34024). 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

We
have elected not to include a summary pursuant to this Item 16. 

41 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY, LTD. 

October 15, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Ziyuan
 Liu 

Ziyuan Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Ziyuan Liu 
 
 Director,
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 October 15, 2024 
 
 Ziyuan Liu 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Yangyang Xu 
 
 Director 
 
 October 15, 2024 
 
 Yangyang Xu 

/s/
 Zhongliang Xie 
 
 Director 
 
 October 15, 2024 
 
 Zhongliang Xie 

/s/ Jia Yang 
 
 Director, Vice President 
 
 October 15, 2024 
 
 Jia Yang 

/s/
 Xu Zhao 
 
 Director 
 
 October 15, 2024 
 
 Xu Zhao 

/s/
 Ying Cao 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 October 15, 2024 
 
 Ying Cao 
 
 (Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 

42 

Index
to Financial Statements 

Pages 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 3487) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated balance sheets as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated statements of shareholders equity 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the
 Company as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders 
equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements and schedule (collectively,
the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial positions
of the Company as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2024 and
2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
Audit Alliance LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since October 28, 2020 

) 

October 15, 2024 

F- 2 

SINGULARITY
FUTURE TECHNOLOGY, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Restricted cash 
 
 -

Cryptocurrencies 
 -

Accounts receivable, net 

Other receivables, net 

Advances to suppliers - third parties 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Due from related party 
 -

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets 

Other long-term assets deposits 

Total Assets 

Current Liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable related party 

Lease liabilities current 

Taxes payable 

Due to related party 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Lease liabilities - noncurrent 

Convertible notes 
 -

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Equity 

Preferred stock, shares authorized, no par value, no shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, shares authorized, no par value; and shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2024 and June 30,2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total Stockholders Equity attributable to controlling shareholders of the Company 

Non-controlling Interest 

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

SINGULARITY
FUTURE TECHNOLOGY, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross (loss)/profit 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment loss of investment 
 -

Impairment loss of cryptocurrencies 

Impairment loss of fixed assets and intangible assets 
 -

Provision for doubtful accounts, net 

Stock-based compensation 
 -

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Gain/(loss) from disposal of subsidiary and VIE 

Lawsuit settlement expenses 
 -

Other income (expenses), net 

Net loss before provision for income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 -

Net loss 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net loss attributable to controlling shareholders of the Company. 

Comprehensive loss 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive income - foreign currency 

Comprehensive loss 

Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive loss attributable to controlling shareholders of the Company. 

Loss per share 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares used in computation 

Basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

SINGULARITY
FUTURE TECHNOLOGY, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Shares to be 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated other comprehensive 
 Noncontrolling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 cancelled 
 deficit 
 loss 
 interest 
 Total 
 
 BALANCE, June 30, 2022 
 - 
 -

-

Stock based compensation to consultants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Cancellation of stock compensation 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Cancellation of shares due to settlement 
 - 
 -

-

-
 
 -
 
 -

Foreign currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

BALANCE, June 30, 2023 
 - 
 -

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Shares to be 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated other comprehensive 
 Noncontrolling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 cancelled 
 deficit 
 loss 
 interest 
 Total 
 
 BALANCE, June 30, 2023 
 - 
 -

Issuance of common stock to private investors 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Cancellation of shares due to settlement 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Disposal of subsidiaries 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Foreign currency translation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

BALANCE, June 30, 2024 
 - 
 -

-

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SINGULARITY
FUTURE TECHNOLOGY, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 
 -

Depreciation and amortization 

Non-cash lease expense 

Provision for doubtful accounts, net 

Impairment loss of fixed assets and intangible asset 
 -

Gain on disposal of ROU 
 -

Loss (gain) on disposal of fixed assets 

(Gain) loss on disposal of subsidiaries 

Impairment loss of investment 
 -

Impairment loss of cryptocurrencies 

Investment loss from unconsolidated subsidiary 
 -

Interest expenses related to convertible notes 
 
 -

Changes in assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivables 

Advances to suppliers third parties 

Advances to suppliers related party 
 -

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other long-term assets deposits 

Deferred revenue 

Refund payable 
 -

Accounts payable 

Taxes payable 

Lease liabilities 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Investing Activities 

Acquisition of property and equipment 

Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment 
 -

Loan receivable related parties 
 -

Advance to related parties 
 -

Repayment from related parties 

Amount paid to Goalowen 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Financing Activities 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 
 -

Repayment of convertible notes 
 
 -

Payment of accrued interest related to convertible notes 
 
 -

Payment of legal settlement to cancel shares 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase(decrease) in cash and restricted cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash and restricted cash 

Cash and restricted cash at end of period 

Representing: 

Cash, end of period 

Restricted cash, end of period 
 
 -

Total cash and restricted cash, end of period 

Supplemental information 

Income taxes paid 
 -
 
 -

Interest paid 
 -
 
 -

Non-cash transactions of operating and investing activities 
 -
 
 -

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

SINGULARITY
FUTURE TECHNOLOGY, LTD. AND AFFILIATES 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 7 

Sino-Global Shipping HK Ltd. SGS HK Trans Pacific Shipping Ltd. Trans Pacific Beijing Trans Pacific Logistic Shanghai Ltd. Trans Pacific Shanghai Gorgeous Trading Ltd Gorgeous Trading Brilliant Warehouse Service Inc. Brilliant Warehouse Phi Electric Motor In. Phi SG Shipping Risk Solution Inc( SGSR SG Link LLC SG Link New Energy Tech Limited New Energy Singularity(Shenzhen) Technology Ltd. SGS Shenzhen 

F- 8 

of Sino-China s net income. 

million
for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

. 

F- 9 

1USD: AUD 

1USD: HKD 

and
 , respectively, were maintained at financial institutions in the PRC. and of these balances are not
covered by insurance as the deposit insurance system in China only insured each depositor at one bank for a maximum of approximately
 (RMB ). As of, June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, cash balances of and , respectively, were
maintained at U.S. financial institutions. Nil and of these balances are not covered by insurance, as each U.S. account
was insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or other programs subject to limitations. The Hong Kong Deposit
Protection Board pays compensation up to a limit of HKD (approximately if the bank with which an individual/a
company holds its eligible deposit fails. As of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, cash balances of and , respectively,
were maintained at financial institutions in Hong Kong, and nil and of these balances are not covered by insurance.
As of June 30, 2024, a cash balance of was maintained in financial institutions in Djibouti which are uninsured. As of June
30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, amount of deposits the Company had covered by insurance amounted to and , respectively. 

million. The restricted was required by East West Bank to secure a letter of credit
that was used to provide a guarantee to the Company s business partner Solarlink Group Inc. Solarlink ), a North
Las Vegas based advanced 3.6G photovoltaic solar panel manufacturer and solar power service provider, for Solarlink s rental obligations
for a leased warehouse in North Las Vegas. The term of the warehouse lease is one year, upon the expiration of which the letter of credit
will terminate unless the letter of credit is used to pay rent under the warehouse lease. Management believes that Solarlink s
business is very promising and hopes to actively participate in its future. Management believes that the guarantee provided to Solarlink
will not result in substantial losses to Singularity in the future. Based on such expectations, the management believes its restricted
cash account stated in the notes is not exposed to any significant risks. The deposit started on November 13, 2023 and will mature on
 with an annual interest rate of . The interest proceeds generated as of June 31, 2024 was million. 

F- 10 

-

1-2 years 

2-3 years 
 -

-

>3 years 
 -

-

Total 

F- 11 

years 
 
 Motor vehicles 
 - years 
 
 Computer and office equipment 
 - years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 - years 
 
 System software 
 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

Mining equipment 
 years 

for the years ended June 30, 2023. And
no impairments were recorded for the years ended June 30, 2024. 

to ,
and other factors, such as representation on the board of directors, voting rights and the impact of commercial arrangements, are considered
in determining whether the equity method of accounting is appropriate. Under this method of accounting, the Company records its proportionate
share of the net earnings or losses of equity method investees and a corresponding increase or decrease to the investment balances. Dividends
received from the equity method investments are recorded as reductions in the cost of such investments. The Company generally considers
an ownership interest of or higher to represent significant influence. The Company accounts for the investments in entities
over which it has neither control nor significant influence, and no readily determinable fair value is available, using the investment
cost minus any impairment, if necessary. 

equity interest.
Mr. Shanming Liang subsequently transferred his shares to Guanxi Golden Bridge Industry Group Co., Ltd in October 2021. For the year
ended June 30, 2023, the Company invested and recorded investment loss in LSM. The joint venture has not started
its operations due to COVID-19.As we could not get the financial information of the investee, we determined to provide full impairment
of our equity investment. The Company recorded impairment loss for the year ended June 30, 2023. And no impairments were
recorded for the years ended June 30, 2024. 

F- 12 

F- 13 

and for the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Freight logistics services 

Total 

U.S. 

Total revenues 

F- 14 

based on the duration of lease
terms. 

F- 15 

. Sino-China and Trans Pacific Beijing were incorporated in the PRC and are subject to the Enterprise Income
Tax Laws of the PRC. 

to . Entities that are VAT general
taxpayers are allowed to offset qualified VAT paid to suppliers against their VAT liability. Net VAT liability is recorded in taxes payable
on the consolidated balance sheets. 

 and
education surcharges based on the net VAT payments. 

F- 16 

F- 17 

million
for the year ended June 30, 2023. On October 24, 2023, February 19, 2024 and April 17, 2024, the Company dissolved its subsidiaries of
Ningbo Saimeinuo Web Technology Ltd., Thor Miner Inc. and Blumargo It Solution Ltd., respectively. Total gain from the three disposals
was approximately . 

F- 18 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

Total current liabilities 

Total net assets 

Noncontrolling interests 

Exchange rate effect 

Total (gain) on disposal 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

Total current liabilities 
 -
 
 -

Total net assets 

Exchange rate effect 

Total loss on disposal 

F- 19 

Impairment loss 

Ending balance 
 -

The
Company recorded nil and impairment loss for the year ended June 30, 2024, respectively. A impairment loss was recorded
for the year ended June 30, 2023. As ownership rights of the cryptocurrencies could not be verified, full impairment was recognized for
the year ended June 30, 2024. 

Less: allowances for expected credit losses 

Accounts receivable, net 

Provision for expected credit losses, net of recovery 
 
 -

Less: write-off 
 
 -

Exchange rate effect 

Ending balance 

For
the years ended June 30, 2024, the provision for doubtful accounts and write-off was and respectively. There was no provision
for doubtful accounts and write-off for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

F- 20 

Employee business advances 

Total 

Less: allowances for doubtful accounts 

Other receivables, net 

and on May 5, 2023, Ms. Shan made a wire transfer of to Goalowen. Such contract was signed and payment was made by the Company s former COO, Jing Shan, without the authorization of the board of directors of the Company. The payment was recorded as an advance to a customer. The Company filed a complaint against Jing Shan accusing her of the unauthorized transfers in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York and has brought a lawsuit against Goalowen to recover the million. As of June 30, 2023, the Company evaluated the collection possibility, and decided to provide a allowance provision in the amount of , and there was no change in the fiscal year 2024. 

Increase 

Less: write-off 
 
 -

Exchange rate effect 

Ending balance 

F- 21 

Less: allowances for doubtful accounts 

Advances to suppliers-third parties, net 

Other (including prepaid professional fees, rent, listing fees) 

Total 

Less: allowances for deposits 

Other long-term assets- deposits, net 

F- 22 

Provision for expected credit
 losses, net of recovery 
 
 - 
 
 Less: write-off 
 
 - 
 
 Exchange
 rate effect 

Ending balance 

Computer equipment 

Office equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

System software 

Leasehold improvements 

Mining equipment 

Total 

Less: Impairment reserve 

Less:
 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Depreciation
and amortization expenses for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. Impairment loss amounted
to nil and for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Professional fees and other
 expense payable 

Interest payable 

Others 

Total 

. 

F- 23 

annually and may be converted into shares of the Company s common stock, no par value
per share at a conversion price of per share, the closing price of the common stock on December 17, 2021. The Convertible
Notes are unsecured senior obligations of the Company, and the maturity date of the Convertible Notes is December 18, 2023. The Company
may repay any portion of the outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest, without penalty for early repayment. The Company may
make any repayment of principal and interest in (a) cash, (b) common stock at the conversion price or (c) a combination of cash or common
stock at the conversion price. 

On
March 8, 2022, the Company issued amended and restated the terms of the notes and issued the Amended and Restated Senior Convertible
Notes (the Amended and Restated Convertible Notes to the investors to change the principal amount of the Convertible Notes
to an aggregate principal amount of . There other terms of the notes remained unchanged. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, interest expenses related to the aforementioned convertible notes amounted to and
 , respectively. 

On
August 8, 2023, upon the unanimous consent of the board of directors of the Company, the Company prepaid the outstanding balance
of the 2022 Notes, along with the accrued interest of . The Company was not subject to any prepayment penalties. 

and (including from lease liabilities current portion and
 from lease liabilities non-current portion), respectively and weighted average discount rate was approximately . 

The
Company s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. The leases
generally do not contain options to extend at the time of expiration and the weighted average remaining lease terms are years. 

For
the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, rent expense amounted to approximately and , respectively. 

As
of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the impairment of ROU asset amounted to and . 

The
Company terminated several lease agreements and resulting in a gain on disposal of ROU assets of nil and for the years
ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

F- 24 

2026 

2027 

Total lease payments 

Less:
 Interest 

Present
 value of lease liabilities 

reverse stock split of its common stock in order to satisfy
continued listing requirements of its common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market. The reverse stock split was approved by the Company s
board of directors and stockholders and was intended to allow the Company to meet the minimum share price requirement of per
share for continued listing on the NASDAQ Capital Market. As a result, all common stock share amounts included in this filing have been
retroactively reduced by a factor of five, and all common stock per share amounts have been increased by a factor of five. Amounts affected
include common stock outstanding, including those that have resulted from the stock options, and warrants exercisable for common stock. 

Stock
issuances: 

On
September 17, 2020, the Company entered into certain securities purchase agreement with certain non-U.S. Persons as defined
in Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to which the Company sold an aggregate of shares
of the Company s common stock, no par value, and warrants to purchase shares at a per share purchase price of
 . The net proceeds to the Company from such offering were approximately million. The warrants became exercisable on March
16, 2021 at an exercise price of per share. The warrants may also be exercised on a cashless basis if at any time after March
16, 2021, there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the warrant
shares. The warrants will expire on March 16, 2026. The warrants are subject to anti-dilution provisions to reflect stock dividends
and splits or other similar transactions. The warrants contain a mandatory exercise right for the Company to force exercise of the warrants
if the Company s common stock trades at or above for 20 consecutive trading days, provided, among other things, that the
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are registered or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 and the daily trading volume exceeds
 shares of common stock per trading day on each trading day in a period of 20 consecutive trading days prior to the applicable
date. 

On
November 2 and November 3, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
(the Series A Preferred Stock ), each convertible into one share of common stock, no par value, of Company, upon the terms
and subject to the limitations and considerations set forth in the Certificate of Designation of the Series A Preferred Stock, and warrants
to purchase up to shares of common stock. The purchase price for each share of Series A Preferred Stock and accompanying
warrants is . The net proceeds to the Company from this offering was approximately million, not including any proceeds
that may be received upon cash exercise of the warrants. The warrants became exercisable six (6) months following the date of issuance
at an exercise price of per share. The warrants may also be exercised on a cashless basis if at any time after the six-month
anniversary of the issuance date, there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the
resale of the warrant Shares. The warrants will expire five and a half ) years from the date of issuance. The warrants are subject
to anti-dilution provisions to reflect stock dividends and splits or other similar transactions. The warrants contain a mandatory exercise
right for the Company to force exercise of the warrants if the closing price of the common stock equals or exceeds for twenty
(20) consecutive trading days, provided, among other things, that the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are registered or
may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 and the daily trading volume exceeds shares of common stock per trading day on each
trading day in a period of consecutive trading days prior to the applicable date. In February 2021, the shareholders approved
the preferred shareholders right to convert shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares
of common stock in the Company s annual meeting of shareholders. As of June 30, 2022, the Series A Preferred Stock have been fully
converted to common stock on a one-for-one basis. 

F- 25 

shares
of the common stock of the Company, no par value per share, at a purchase price of per share, and warrants to purchase up
to an aggregate of shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share, for aggregate
gross proceeds to the Company of . The warrants are initially exercisable beginning on December 11, 2020 and will expire three
and a half ) years from the date of issuance. The exercise price and the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants are subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits or dividends, or other similar transactions, but not as a result
of future securities offerings at lower prices. 

On
January 27, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain non-U.S. investors thereto pursuant to which
the Company sold to the investors, and the investors purchased from the Company, an aggregate of shares of common
stock, no par value, and warrants to purchase shares. The net proceeds to the Company from this offering were approximately
 million. The purchase price for each share of common stock and five warrants is , and the exercise price per warrant is
 . The warrants became exercisable at any time during the period beginning on or after July 27, 2021 and ending on or prior on January
27, 2026 but not thereafter; provided, however, that the total number of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common
stock, multiplied by the NASDAQ official closing bid price of the common stock shall equal or exceed billion for a three consecutive
month period prior to an exercise. 

On
February 6, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain investors pursuant to which the Company sold
to the investors, and the investors purchased from the Company, in a registered direct offering, an aggregate of shares
of the common stock of the Company, no par value per share, at a purchase price of per share. Net proceeds to the Company
from the sale of the shares and the warrants, after deducting estimated offering expenses and placement agent fees, were approximately
 million. The Company also sold to the investors warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common
stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants are exercisable upon issuance and expire five and a half ) years
from the date of issuance. The exercise price and the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are subject
to adjustment in the event of stock splits or dividends, or other similar transactions, but not as a result of future securities offerings
at lower prices. 

On
February 9, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain investors pursuant to which the Company sold
to the investors, and the investors purchased from the Company, in a registered direct offering, an aggregate of shares
of the common stock of the Company, no par value per share, at a purchase price of per share. Net proceeds to the Company
from the sale of the shares and the warrants, after deducting estimated offering expenses and placement agent fees, were approximately
 million. The Company also sold to the investors warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common
stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants are exercisable upon issuance and expire five and a half ) years
from the date of issuance. The exercise price and the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are subject
to adjustment in the event of stock splits or dividends, or other similar transactions, but not as a result of future securities offerings
at lower prices. 

On
December 14, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with non-U.S. investors
and accredited investors pursuant to which the Company sold to the investors, and the investors agreed to purchase from the Company,
an aggregate of shares of common stock, no par value, and warrants to purchase shares. The purchase
price for each share of common stock and one and a half warrants was , and the exercise price per warrant is . The Company
received net proceed of and issued shares and warrants. In connection with the
issuance, the Company issued shares to a consultant in assisting the Company in finding potential investors. 

F- 26 

for a three consecutive month period prior to an exercise. 

The
Company s outstanding warrants are classified as equity since they qualify for exception from derivative accounting as they are
considered to be indexed to the Company s own stock and require net share settlement. The fair value of the warrants was recorded
as additional paid-in capital from common stock 

On
January 6, 2022, the Company entered into Warrant Purchase Agreements with certain warrant holders (the Sellers pursuant
to which the Company agreed to buy back an aggregate of warrants (the Warrants from the Sellers, and
the Sellers agreed to sell the Warrants back to the Company. These Warrants were sold to these Sellers in three previous transactions
that closed on February 11, 2021, February 10, 2021, and March 14, 2018. The purchase price for each Warrant is . Following announcement
of the Warrant Purchase Agreements on January 6, 2022, the Company agreed to repurchase an additional warrants from
other Sellers on the same terms as the previously announced Warrant Purchase Agreements. The aggregate number of warrants repurchased
under the Warrant Purchase Agreements was . 

On
January 7, 2022, the Company wired the purchase price to each Seller. Each Seller has agreed to deliver the Warrant to the Company for
cancellation as soon as practicable following the closing date, but in no event later than January 13, 2022. The Warrants are deemed
cancelled upon the receipt by the Sellers of the purchase price. 

On
November 15, 2023, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with ten individual investors, under which the Company agreed to
sell an aggregate of shares of its Common Stock and warrants, with each warrant initially exercisable to purchase
one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share, at an aggregate price of US in a private placement. On December
13, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock to the investors. The company received US 
but subsequently returned the funds to the investors because the warrants, issuable as part of the transaction, could not be
issued timely due to certain outstanding warrant terms. The investors returned the funds to the Company on January 4, 2024 after the
warrant terms were finalized. On January 26, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment to the subscription agreement which provides,
among other things, that Nasdaq s authorization must be obtained for the issuance of the securities under the subscription agreement
and the Company stockholders approval shall be obtained before the warrants are issued to the investors. Nasdaq has
authorized the issuance of the Common Stock and the conditional issuance of the warrants. As of the date of this report, the issuance
of the warrants is still awaiting approval from the Company s stockholders. 

Issued 

Exercised 

Repurchased 

Warrants outstanding, as
 of June 30, 2024 

Warrants exercisable, as
 of June 30, 2024 

F- 27 

years 2021 warrants - years 

Stock-based
compensation: 

The shares were valued at an aggregate
of based on the grant date fair value of such shares. 

On
November 18, 2021, Mr. Jing Wang retired from his position as a member of the Board, the Chairperson of the Committee, a member of Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee, and a member of the Audit Committee. In connection with Mr. Wang s retirement, the Company granted Mr. Wang shares
of common stock under the Company s 2021 stock incentive plan, which shares were valued at based on the grant date
fair value. 

On
February 4, 2022, 

On
February 16, 2022, the Company s Board approved a consulting agreement pursuant to which the Company will pay the consultant a
monthly fee of and shares of the Company s common stock. The shares were valued at at
grant date with a grant date fair value of to be amortized through October 31, 2022. Stock compensation expenses for this
contract were for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

In
connection with the purchase order between SOSNY and Thor Miner (see note 2), the Company issued restricted shares
to Future Tech Business Consulting Future Tech pursuant to an Advisory Agreement under which Future Tech was to assist
to the Company to find suitable buyers for cryptocurrency mining machines sold by Thor Miner. The shares were valued at approximately
 million and the Company recorded the full amount as stock compensation expense for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

During
the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, nil and were recorded as stock-based compensation expense, respectively. 

Stock
Options: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled,
 forfeited or expired 
 
 - 

Options outstanding, as
 of June 30, 2024 
 - 
 - 

Options exercisable, as
 of June 30, 2024 
 - 
 - 

F- 28 

Thor Miner Inc. 
 -

Brilliant Warehouse Service, Inc. 

Total 

in
crypto mining rigs, which SOSNY claims was breached by the Defendants. 

SOSNY
and Defendants entered into a certain settlement agreement and general mutual release with an Effective Date of December 28, 2022 Settlement
Agreement ). Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, Thor Miner agreed to pay a sum of thirteen million in U.S. dollars (the Settlement Payment to SOSNY in exchange for SOSNY dismissing the lawsuit with prejudice as to the settling Defendants
and without prejudice as to all others. The full Settlement Payment was received by SOSNY on December 28, 2022. SOSNY dismissed the lawsuit
with prejudice against the Company (and other Defendants) on December 28, 2022. 

The
Company and Thor Miner further covenanted and agreed that if they receive additional funds from HighSharp (Shenzhen Gaorui) Electronic
Technology Co., Ltd. HighSharp related to the PSA, they will promptly transfer such funds to SOSNY in an amount not to
exceed forty million, five hundred sixty thousand, five hundred sixty-nine dollars (which is the total amount paid by
SOSNY pursuant to the PSA less the price of the machines actually received by SOSNY pursuant to the PSA). The Settlement Payment and
any payments subsequently received by SOSNY from HighSharp shall be deducted from the total amount of forty million, five hundred sixty
thousand, five hundred sixty-nine dollars previously paid by, and now due and owing to SOSNY. In further consideration
of the Settlement Agreement, Thor Miner agreed to execute and provide to SOSNY, within seven (7) business days after SOSNY s receipt
of the Settlement Payment, an assignment of all claims it may have against HighSharp or otherwise to the proceeds of the PSA. 

F- 29 

and . 

On
March 23, 2023, SG Shipping Risk Solution Inc. an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of SGLY entered into an operating income right
transfer contract with Goalowen pursuant to which Goalowen agreed to transfer its rights to receive income from operating a tuna fishing
vessel to SG Shipping for and on May 5, 2023, Ms. Shan made a wire transfer of to Goalowen . Such contract
was signed and payment was made by the Company s former COO, Jing Shan, without the authorization of the board of directors of
the Company. The payment was recorded as an advance to a customer. The Company filed a complaint against Jing Shan accusing her of the
unauthorized transfers in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York and has brought a lawsuit against Goalowen
to recover the million. As of June 30, 2023, the Company evaluated the collection possibility, and decided to provide a 
allowance provision in the amount of . The Company filed a complaint against Jing Shan accusing her of the unauthorized transfers
in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York and has brought a lawsuit against Goalowen to recover the million. 

Lawsuits
in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement 

On
September 23, 2022, Hexin Global Limited and Viner Total Investments Fund filed a lawsuit against the Company and other defendants in
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the Hexin lawsuit ). On December 5, 2022, St. Hudson
Group LLC, Imperii Strategies LLC, Isyled Technology Limited, and Hsqynm Family Inc. filed a lawsuit against the Company and other defendants
in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the St. Hudson lawsuit, and together with the
Hexin lawsuit, the Investor Actions ). The plaintiffs in the Investor Actions are investors that entered into a securities
purchase agreement Securities Purchase Agreement with the Company in late 2021. Each of these plaintiffs asserts causes
of action for, among other things, violations of federal securities laws, breach of fiduciary duty, fraudulent inducement, breach of
contract, conversion, and unjust enrichment, and seeks monetary damages and specific performance to remove legends from certain securities
sold pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Hexin lawsuit claims monetary damages of at least million, 
plus interest, costs, fees, and attorneys fees. The St. Hudson lawsuit claims monetary damages of at least million, 
plus interest, costs, fees, and attorneys fees. 

Lawsuit
in connection with the Financial Advisory Agreement 

On
October 6, 2022, Jinhe Capital Limited Jinhe filed a lawsuit against the Company in the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York, asserting causes of actions for, among other things, breach of contract, breach of the covenant
of good faith and fair dealing, conversion, quantum meruit, and unjust enrichment, in connection with a financial advisory agreement
entered into by and between Jinhe and the Company on November 10, 2021. Jinhe claims monetary damages of at least 
and potentially exceeding million, plus interest, costs, and attorneys fees. 

On
January 10, 2023, St. Hudson lawsuit was consolidated with this lawsuit and Hexin lawsuit and on February 24, 2023, all three consolidated
actions were dismissed without prejudice by the court, in furtherance of the parties having reached an agreement in principle to settle
their disputes. The Company, Yang Jie, Jing Shan, and the plaintiffs of the above three actions entered into a certain settlement agreement
and general mutual release with an effective date of March 10, 2023, pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay the sum of .
Plaintiffs in the actions agreed to discharge and forever release the defendants in the actions from all claims that were or could have
been raised in those actions, as well as dismissal of each of the actions with prejudice. The Company has no role or knowledge as to
how the settlement payment will be allocated between and among the plaintiffs. The Company paid the settlement payment on March 14, 2023. 

In
addition, the plaintiffs agreed to irrevocably forfeit shares of Common Stock they hold. The cancellation of shares
has been completed, while the cancellation of the remaining shares is still in processing for the year ended June 30,
2023. The fair value of the shares was at March 10, 2023, the settlement amount over the fair value of the shares to
be cancelled is recorded as other expenses in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. The cancellation of shares
completed on July 8, 2023 

F- 30 

contemplated in Section 6.3 of the Employee Agreement, his two months salary of for the months of November and December
2023 and the incentive-based bonus to which he is entitled pursuant to paragraph 4.2 of the Employee Agreement. 

F- 31 

PRC 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 income tax expenses 
 - 

for the year ended June 30, 2023 and
2022 to the Company s effective tax rate are as follows: 

Permanent difference 

Change in valuation allowance 

Rate
 differential in foreign jurisdiction 

- 

PRC 

Net operating loss 

U.S. 

PRC 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation
 allowance 

Deferred
 tax assets, net - long-term 
 - 
 - 

We
have incurred a cumulative U.S. federal net operating loss NOL of approximately as of June 30, 2023, which
may reduce future federal taxable income. The NOL generated for the year ended June 30, 2024 amounted to approximately . The
Tax benefit derived from this NOL was approximately . As of June 30, 2024, our cumulative NOL amounted to approximately . 

Our
operations in China have incurred a cumulative NOL of approximately as of June 30, 2023, which was mainly from net losses.
During the year ended June 30, 2024, we generated an additional NOL of approximately due to increased third party service cots
as a result of our special committee s investigation. Our PRC subsidiaries cumulative NOL amounted to approximately 
as of June 30, 2024, which may reduce future taxable income and will expire by . 

The
Company s operations in the U.S. incurred a cumulative U.S. federal net operation loss NOL of approximately
 as of June 30, 2022, which may reduce future federal taxable income. During the year ended June 30, 2023, approximately
 of NOL was generated and the tax benefit derived from such NOL was approximately . As of June 30, 2023, the
Company s cumulative NOL amounted to approximately which may reduce future federal taxable income. 

F- 32 

as of June 30, 2022. During the year ended
June 30, 2023, additional NOL of approximately was generated. As of June 30, 2023, the Company s cumulative
NOL amounted to approximately which may reduce future taxable income which will expire by . 

The
Company periodically evaluates the likelihood of the realization of deferred tax assets DTA and reduces the carrying
amount of the deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance to the extent it believes a portion will not be realized. Management considers
new evidence, both positive and negative, that could affect the Company s future realization of deferred tax assets including its
recent cumulative earnings experience, expectation of future income, the carry forward periods available for tax reporting purposes and
other relevant factors. The Company determined that it is more likely than not its deferred tax assets could not be realized due to uncertainty
on future earnings as a result of the company s reorganization and venture into new businesses. The Company provided a 
allowance for its DTA as of June 30, 2024. The net decrease in valuation for the year ended June 30, 2024 amounted to approximately
 , based on management s reassessment of the amount of the Company s deferred tax assets that are more likely than
not to be realized. 

Corporate income tax payable 

Others 

Total 

of the Company s gross revenues. As of June 30, 2024,three
customers accounted for , and of the Company s accounts receivable, net. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, two customers accounted for and of the Company s gross revenues. As of
June 30, 2023, two customers accounted for and of the Company s accounts receivable, net. 

Major
Suppliers 

For
the year ended June 30, 2024, two suppliers accounted for approximately and of the total gross purchases. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, two suppliers accounted for approximately and of the total gross purchases, respectively. 

segment, freight
logistics services, which had operations in both the United States and PRC. For the nine months ended March 31, 2024, the Company did
not sell crypto-mining machines. 

F- 33 

-

Cost of revenues 
 
 -

Gross profit 
 
 -

Depreciation and amortization 

Total capital expenditures 
 
 -

Gross margin 
 
 -

Cost of revenues 
 
 -

Gross (loss) profit 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total capital expenditures 

Gross margin 

Total
assets as of: 

Sales
 of crypto-mining machines 
 - 

Total
 Assets 

The
Company s operations are primarily based in the PRC and U.S, where the Company derives all of its revenues. Management also reviews
consolidated financial results by business locations. 

U.S. 

Total
 revenues 

F- 34 

Shanghai
 Baoyin Industrial Co., Ltd (2) 

LSM
 Trading Ltd (3) 

Rich
 Trading Co. Ltd (4) 

Lei
 Cao 
 - 

Less:
 allowance for doubtful accounts 

Total 
 - 

and to Zhejiang Jinbang Fuel Energy Co., Ltd Zhejiang Jinbang which is owned by Mr. Wang Qinggang, CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Shanghai. The advance is non-interest bearing and due on demand. The Company provided allowances of and for the balance of the receivable as of June 30, 2024 and 2023. The amount of the allowance changed as a result of changes in exchange rates. 

and to Shanghai Baoyin Industrial Co., Ltd. which is owned by Qinggang Wang, CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Logistic Shanghai Ltd. The advance is non-interest bearing and due on demand. The Company provided full credit losses for the balance of the receivable. 

to LSM Trading Ltd, which is owned by the Company. The advance is non-interest bearing and due on demand. The Company evaluated the collection possibility and decided to provide full credit losses for the balance of the receivable. 

million in the trading business operated by Rich Trading and the Company would be entitled to of profits generated by the trading business. The Company advanced for this project, of which has been returned to the Company. The Company filed a complaint to recover the remainder of the funds advanced. The Company provided an allowance of for the balance of the receivable as of June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Accounts
payable- related parties 

As
of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had accounts payable to Rich Trading Co. Ltd of . 

Other
payable - related party 

As
of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had accounts payable to Qinggang Wang, CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Shanghai,
of and . These payments were made on behalf of the Company for the daily business operational activities. 

As
of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had accounts payable to and nil to Zhejiang Jinbang Fuel Energy Co., Ltd Zhejiang
Jinbang which is owned by Mr. Wang Qinggang, CEO and legal representative of Trans Pacific Shanghai. 

F- 35 

(or its equivalent in foreign or composite currencies) on terms to be determined at the time of offering. 

Joint
Venture Company Established 

On
August 22, 2024, the Company s subsidiary in New York, New Energy Tech Ltd. entered into a joint venture agreement with a Wyoming
company, Market One Services Corporation Market One ). The Company owns of the equity interest while Market One owns
 . New Energy and Market One intend to collaborate on developing the solar panel commodity trade business. 

F- 36 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ea021730401ex21-1_singular.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit 21.1 

List of subsidiaries of the Company 

Subsidiaries 

Entity Name in English 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 
 Parent/Ownership 

Sino-Global Shipping New York Inc. 
 
 New York, U.S. 
 
 Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (100 Owned) 

Gorgeous Trading Ltd. 
 
 Texas, U.S. 
 
 Sino-Global Shipping USA Ltd. (100 Owned) 

Brilliant Warehouse Service Inc. 
 
 Texas, U.S. 
 
 Sino-Global Shipping New York Inc. (51 Owned) 

Phi Electric Motor Inc. 
 
 New York, U.S. 
 
 Sino-Global Shipping New York Inc. (51 Owned) 

SG Shipping Risk Solution Inc. 
 
 New York, U.S. 
 
 Sino-Global Shipping USA Ltd. (100 Owned) 

SG Link LLC 
 
 New York, U.S. 
 
 SG Shipping Risk (100 Owned) 

Sino-Global Shipping (HK) Ltd. 
 
 Hong Kong, PRC 
 
 Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (100 Owned) 

Trans Pacific Shipping Ltd. 
 
 Beijing, PRC 
 
 Sino-Global Shipping USA Ltd. (100 Owned) 

Trans Pacific Logistics Shanghai Ltd. 
 
 Shanghai, PRC 
 
 Trans Pacific Shipping Ltd. (90 Owned) 

Singularity (Shenzhen) Technology Ltd. SGS Shenzhen 
 
 Shenzhen, PRC 
 
 Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (100 Owned) 

New Energy Tech Limited New Energy 
 
 New York, U.S. 
 
 Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (100 Owned) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ea021730401ex23-1_singular.htm
 CONSENT OF AUDIT ALLIANCE LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

AUDIT ALLIANCE LLP 

A Top 18 Audit Firm 

10 Anson Road, #20-16 International Plaza, Singapore
 079903. 

UEN: T12LL1223B GST Reg No: M90367663E Tel: (65) 6227 5428 

Website: www.allianceaudit.com 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-282006) and Form S-8 (No. 333-259130) of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. of our
report dated October 15, 2024, relating to the financial statements which appears in this Form 10-K. 

We also consent to the reference to us under the
heading Experts in the Registration Statements. 

/s/ Audit Alliance LLP 

Singapore 

October 15, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31>
 4
 ea021730401ex31_singular.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31 

CERTIFICATIONS REQUIRED BY 

 RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ziyuan Liu, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Singularity
Future Technology Ltd. (the registrant for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditor and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 15, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Ziyuan Liu 

Ziyuan Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

CERTIFICATIONS REQUIRED BY 

 RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ying Cao, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (the registrant for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditor and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 15, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Ying Cao 

Ying Cao 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 ea021730401ex32_singular.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Ziyuan Liu, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, based on my knowledge,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: October 15, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Ziyuan Liu 

Ziyuan Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Ying Cao, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, based on my knowledge,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: October 15, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Ying Cao 

Ying Cao 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-97.1>
 6
 ea021730401ex97-1_singular.htm
 CLAWBACK POLICY

Exhibit 97.1 

SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY LTD. 

INCENTIVE-BASED COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY 

EFFECTIVE OCTOBER 10, 2024 

1. Policy Purpose . The purpose of this Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (the Company Incentive-Based Compensation Recovery Policy (this Policy is to enable the Company to recover Erroneously Awarded
Compensation in the event that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement. This Policy is intended to comply with the
requirements set forth in Listing Rule 5608 of the corporate governance rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market (the Listing Rule and shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. Unless otherwise defined in this Policy, capitalized terms shall
have the meaning ascribed to such terms in Section 7 . 

2. Policy Administration . This Policy shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board
(the Committee unless the Board determines to administer this Policy itself. The Committee has full and final authority
to make all determinations under this Policy, in each case to the extent permitted under the Listing Rule and in compliance with (or pursuant
to an exemption from the application of) Section 409A of the Code. All determinations and decisions made by the Committee pursuant to
the provisions of this Policy shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons, including the Company, its affiliates, its stockholders
and Executive Officers. Any action or inaction by the Committee with respect to an Executive Officer under this Policy in no way limits
the Committee s actions or decisions not to act with respect to any other Executive Officer under this Policy or under any similar
policy, agreement or arrangement, nor shall any such action or inaction serve as a waiver of any rights the Company may have against any
Executive Officer other than as set forth in this Policy. 

3. Policy Application . This Policy applies to all Incentive-Based Compensation received by a person:
(a) after beginning service as an Executive Officer; (b) who served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period
for such Incentive-Based Compensation; (c) while the Company had a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national
securities association; and (d) during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the Accounting Restatement Date. In addition
to such last three completed fiscal years, the immediately preceding clause (d) includes any transition period that results from a change
in the Company s fiscal year within or immediately following such three completed fiscal years; provided , however ,
that a transition period between the last day of the Company s previous fiscal year end and the first day of its new fiscal year
that comprises a period of nine to twelve months shall be deemed a completed fiscal year. For purposes of this Section 3 , Incentive-Based
Compensation is deemed received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive-Based
Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of the Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period.
For the avoidance of doubt, Incentive-Based Compensation that is subject to both a Financial Reporting Measure vesting condition and a
service-based vesting condition shall be considered received when the relevant Financial Reporting Measure is achieved, even if the Incentive-Based
Compensation continues to be subject to the service-based vesting condition. 

4. Policy Recovery Requirement . In the event of an Accounting Restatement, the Company must recover,
reasonably promptly, Erroneously Awarded Compensation, in amounts determined pursuant to this Policy. The Company s obligation to
recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not dependent on if or when the Company files restated financial statements. Recovery under
this Policy with respect to an Executive Officer shall not require the finding of any misconduct by such Executive Officer or such Executive
Officer being found responsible for the accounting error leading to an Accounting Restatement. In the event of an Accounting Restatement,
the Company shall satisfy the Company s obligations under this Policy to recover any amount owed from any applicable Executive Officer
by exercising its sole and absolute discretion in how to accomplish such recovery, to the extent permitted under the Listing Rule and
in compliance with (or pursuant to an exemption from the application of) Section 409A of the Code. The Company s recovery obligation
pursuant to this Section 4 shall not apply to the extent that the Committee, or in the absence of the Committee, a majority of
the independent directors serving on the Board, determines that such recovery would be impracticable and: 

a. The direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to
be recovered. Before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on expense
of enforcement, the Company must make a reasonable attempt to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation, document such reasonable
attempt(s) to recover, and provide that documentation to the Stock Exchange; or 

b. Recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly
available to employees of the registrant, to fail to meet the requirements of Section 401(a)(13) or Section 411(a) of the Code. 

5. Policy Prohibition on Indemnification and Insurance Reimbursement . The Company is prohibited from
indemnifying any Executive Officer or former Executive Officer against the loss of Erroneously Awarded Compensation. Further, the Company
is prohibited from paying or reimbursing an Executive Officer for purchasing insurance to cover any such loss. 

6. Required Policy-Related Filings . The Company shall file all disclosures with respect to this Policy
in accordance with the requirements of the federal securities laws, including disclosures required by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
filings. 

7. Definitions . 

a. Accounting Restatement means an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance
of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct
an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result
in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 

b. Accounting Restatement Date means the earlier to occur of: (i) the date the Board,
a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if the Board action is not required,
concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement; and (ii) the date a
court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 

c. Board means the board of directors of the Company. 

d. Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Any reference to a
section of the Code or regulation thereunder includes such section or regulation, any valid regulation or other official guidance promulgated
under such section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation or regulation amending, supplementing, or superseding such
section or regulation. 

e. Erroneously Awarded Compensation means, in the event of an Accounting Restatement,
the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation previously received that exceeds the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that otherwise
would have been received had it been determined based on the restated amounts in such Accounting Restatement, and must be computed without
regard to any taxes paid by the relevant Executive Officer; provided , however , that for Incentive-Based Compensation based
on stock price or total stockholder return, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation
directly from the information in an Accounting Restatement: (i) the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation must be based on a reasonable
estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or total stockholder return upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation
was received; and (ii) the Company must maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation
to the Stock Exchange. 

2 

f. Executive Officer means the Company s president, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the controller), any vice-president of the Company in charge
of a principal business unit, division, or function (such as sales, administration, or finance), any other officer who performs a policy-making
function, or any other person who performs similar policy-making functions for the Company. An executive officer of the Company s
parent or subsidiary is deemed an Executive Officer if the executive officer performs such policy making functions for the
Company. 

g. Financial Reporting Measure means any measure that is determined and presented in
accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measure that is derived
wholly or in part from such measure; provided , however , that a Financial Reporting Measure is not required to be presented
within the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to qualify as
a Financial Reporting Measure. For purposes of this Policy, Financial Reporting Measure includes, but is not
limited to, stock price and total stockholder return. 

h. Incentive-Based Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned, or vested
based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. 

i. Stock Exchange means the U.S. national stock exchange on which the Company s
shares of common stock are listed (e.g., Nasdaq.) 

8. Acknowledgement . Each Executive Officer shall sign and return to the Company, within 30 calendar
days following the later of (i) the effective date of this Policy first set forth above or (ii) the date the individual becomes an Executive
Officer, the Acknowledgement Form attached hereto as Exhibit A , pursuant to which the Executive Officer agrees to be bound by,
and to comply with, the terms and conditions of this Policy. 

9. Severability . The provisions in this Policy are intended to be applied to the fullest extent of
the law. To the extent that any provision of this Policy is found to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such provision
shall be applied to the maximum extent permitted, and shall automatically be deemed amended in a manner consistent with its objectives
to the extent necessary to conform to any limitations required under applicable law. 

10. Amendment; Termination . The Board may amend this Policy from time to time in its sole and absolute
discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to reflect the Listing Rule, to comply with (or maintain an exemption from
the application of) Section 409A of the Code. The Board may terminate this Policy at any time. 

11. Other Recovery Obligations; General Rights . To the extent that the application of this Policy would
provide for recovery of Incentive-Based Compensation that the Company recovers pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or other
recovery obligations, the amount the relevant Executive Officer has already reimbursed the Company will be credited to the required recovery
under this Policy. This Policy shall not limit the rights of the Company to take any other actions or pursue other remedies that the Company
may deem appropriate under the circumstances and under applicable law, in each case to the extent permitted under the Listing Rule and
in compliance with (or pursuant to an exemption from the application of) Section 409A of the Code. Nothing contained in this Policy shall
limit the Company s ability to seek recoupment, in appropriate circumstances (including circumstances beyond the scope of this Policy)
and as permitted by applicable law, of any amounts from any individual, in each case to the extent permitted under the Listing Rule and
in compliance with (or pursuant to an exemption from the application of) Section 409A of the Code. 

12. Successors . This Policy is binding and enforceable against all Executive Officers and their beneficiaries,
heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 

3 

EXHIBIT A 

SINGULARITY FUTURE TECHNOLOGY LTD. 

INCENTIVE-BASED COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY 

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT FORM 

By signing below, the undersigned acknowledges
and confirms that the undersigned has received and reviewed a copy of Singularity Future Technology Ltd. (the Company Incentive-Based Compensation Recovery Policy (the Policy ). 

By signing this Acknowledgement Form, the undersigned
acknowledges and agrees that the undersigned is and will continue to be subject to the Policy and that the Policy will apply both during
and after the undersigned s employment with the Company. Further, by signing below, the undersigned agrees to abide by the terms
of the Policy, including, without limitation, by returning any Erroneously Awarded Compensation (as defined in the Policy) to the Company
to the extent required by, and in a manner consistent with, the Policy. 

The undersigned further acknowledges that the
Company has advised him or her that he or she may consult an attorney before signing this Acknowledgement Form and that he or she has
been afforded an opportunity to do so. 

By: 

Position: 

Date: 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 sgly-20240630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 sgly-20240630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 sgly-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 sgly-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 sgly-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

