<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241024_10-K_edgar_data_923120_0000950170-24-117047.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23640150</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>811718</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5628478</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8457616</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2890519</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5163548</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-24-117047.hdr.sgml : 20241024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241024160529
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-24-117047
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		158
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241024

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GREENBRIER COMPANIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000923120
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RAILROAD EQUIPMENT [3743]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				930816972
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13146
		FILM NUMBER:		241392638

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE CENTERPOINTE DR
		STREET 2:		STE 200
		CITY:			LAKE OSWEGO
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97035
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5036847000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE CENTERPOINTE DR
		STREET 2:		STE 200
		CITY:			LAKE OSWEGO
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97035

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-24-117047.txt : 20241024

10-K
 1
 gbx-20240831.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549-1004 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 
 or 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 for the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of Incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class without par value 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive- based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 	 
 Aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates as of February 28, 2024 (based on the closing price of such shares on such date was . 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock on October 18, 2024 wa s withou t par value. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 3 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 12 

Item 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 26 

Item 1C. 
 
 CYBERSECURITY 
 
 26 

Item 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 28 

Item 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 28 

Item 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 28 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 29 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 30 

Item 6. 
 
 RESERVED 
 
 31 

Item 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 32 

Item 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 47 

Item 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 50 

Item 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 80 

Item 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 80 

Item 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 84 

Item 9C. 
 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 84 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 85 

Item 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 85 

Item 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS 
 
 85 

Item 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 85 

Item 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 85 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 86 

Item 16. 
 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 90 

SIGNATURES 
 
 91 

2 

Forward-Looki ng Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 Many of these risks and other factors are beyond our ability to control or predict. Words such as "ability," allow, anticipate, believe, committed, can, continue, could, designed, estimate, expect, foreseeable , future, goal, "impact," intend, likely, may, periodically, plan, potential, provide, result, seek, should, strategy, "target," will, would, and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. In addition, statements regarding expectations of cost savings or our ability to navigate current challenges, or any other statements that explicitly or implicitly draw trends in our performance or the markets in which we operate, or characterize future events or circumstances, are forward-looking statements. 
 These risks and uncertainties, as well as other risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ significantly from management s expectations, are described in greater detail in Item 1A, Risk Factors, Item 1, Business Backlog, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls. Forward-looking statements are based on currently available operating, financial and market information and are inherently uncertain. Investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual future results and trends may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise required by law, we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 

3 

PART I 
 Item 1. B USINESS 
 Introduction 
 We are one of the leading designers, manufacturers and marketers of railroad freight car equipment and services in North America, Europe, and South America and may enter other geographies as opportunities arise. We offer railcar management, regulatory compliance and leasing services to railcar owners or other users of railcars in North America. We are a leading provider of freight railcar wheel services, maintenance and parts in North America. Through unconsolidated affiliates we produce rail and industrial components and have an ownership stake in a railcar manufacturer in Brazil. 
 We operate an integrated business model in North America that combines freight car manufacturing, wheel services, railcar maintenance, component parts, leasing and fleet management services. Our model is designed to provide customers with a comprehensive set of freight car product and service solutions by utilizing our substantial engineering, mechanical and technical capabilities as well as our experienced commercial personnel. Our integrated model allows us to develop cross-selling opportunities and synergies among our reportable segments thereby enhancing our margins. We believe our integrated model is difficult to duplicate and provides greater value for our customers and investors. 
 We operate in three reportable segments: Manufacturing; Maintenance Services; and Leasing Management Services. Financial information about our reportable segments as well as geographic information is located in Note 18 - Segment Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Company, Greenbrier, we, us and our refer to The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. All references to years refer to the fiscal years ended August 31st unless otherwise noted. 
 The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., is incorporated in Oregon. Our principal executive offices are located at One Centerpointe Drive, Suite 200, Lake Oswego, Oregon 97035. Our telephone number is (503) 684-7000 and our Internet website is located at http://www.gbrx.com. Information contained on our website is not part of or incorporated into this Form 10-K or any other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
 Products and Services 
 Manufacturing Segment 
 North American Railcar Manufacturing - We manufacture most freight railcar types currently in use in the North American market (other than coal cars) and we continue to expand our product features and functionality. We have demonstrated an ability to capture high market shares in many of the car types we produce. The primary products we produce for the North American market are: 
 Freight Railcars - We produce a variety of covered hopper cars for food grade products, grain, fertilizer, cement, minerals and plastic pellets as well as gondolas and open top hoppers for steel, metals, scrap and aggregates. We also produce a wide range of boxcars, which are used in the transport of paper products, perishables and general merchandise. Our flat car products include center partition cars for the forest products industry and heavy-duty flat cars. 
 Tank Cars - We produce a variety of tank cars, including general purpose, pressurized, coiled, lined, insulated and stainless steel. These are designed for the transportation of hazardous and non-hazardous commodities such as petroleum products, ethanol, liquefied petroleum gas, petrochemicals, caustic soda, chlorine, fertilizers, vegetable oils, bio-diesel and various other products. 
 Intermodal Railcars - We manufacture a comprehensive portfolio of intermodal railcars. Our most popular intermodal product is our double-stack railcars called Maxi-Stack I and Maxi-Stack IV. The double-stack railcar is designed to 
 4 

transport containers stacked two-high on a single platform and provides significant operating and capital savings over other types of intermodal railcars. 
 Automotive - We manufacture a full line of railcar equipment specifically designed for the transportation of light vehicles. Our automotive offerings include the Auto-Max II, Multi-Max TM and Multi-Max Plus TM products, which are designed to carry automobiles, CUVs, SUVs, trucks and high sided vans efficiently. 
 Sustainable Conversions TM - We are a leading provider of sustainable conversions, which repurposes existing railcars into new equipment service. Our sustainable conversions are an efficient and cost-savings option for railcar owners looking to diversify and optimize their fleets. We rebody or stretch covered hoppers into larger cubic service, re-rack or perform deck conversion on auto racks, and perform tank car retrofits to help customers manage pending regulations. 
 European Railcar Manufacturing - Our European manufacturing operations produce a variety of freight wagon types, including box, car carrier, covered, flat, hopper, intermodal, steel products and specialty wagons. In addition, our European manufacturing operations produce a comprehensive line of pressurized tank wagons for liquid petroleum, liquefied petroleum gas, chlorine and ammonia and non-pressurized tank cars for light oil, chemicals and other products, and are a leading manufacturer of bogies and other key components. We offer a full range of leasing options for a variety of freight and tank wagons that we produce, along with wagon repair and maintenance services. 
 Maintenance Services Segment 
 Wheel Services - We operate a wheel services network in North America. Our wheel shops provide complete wheel services including reconditioning of wheels and axles in addition to new axle machining, finishing and downsizing. 
 Railcar Maintenance - We operate a railcar maintenance network in North America including shops certified by the Association of American Railroads (AAR). Our shops perform routine railcar maintenance for third parties and for our leased and managed railcar fleets. 
 Component Parts Manufacturing - Our component parts facilities recondition and manufacture railcar cushioning units, couplers, yokes, side frames, bolsters and various other parts. 
 In September 2024, the Company combined the Maintenance Services segment within the Manufacturing segment. 
 Leasing Management Services Segment 
 Leasing - We operate a railcar leasing business in North America. Our relationships with financial institutions and operating lessors combined with our ownership of a lease fleet of approximately 15,500 railcars enables us to offer flexible leases to our customers including operating leases of varied intervals and per diem leases. The percentage of owned units on lease was 98.5 at August 31, 2024 with an average remaining lease term of 4.0 years and an average age of 6.5 years. We also originate leases of railcars, which are either newly built or refurbished by our operations. These may be held in the fleet or sold with attached leases to financial institutions or other investors, typically with multi-year management services agreements. As an equipment owner and an originator of leases, we participate principally in the operating lease segment of the market. Assets from our owned lease fleet are periodically sold to accommodate customer demand, manage risk and maintain liquidity. 
 Management Services - Our North American management services business offers a broad array of software and services that include railcar maintenance management, railcar accounting services (such as billing and revenue collection, car hire receivable and payable administration), total fleet management (including railcar tracking using proprietary software), fleet logistics, administration and railcar re-marketing. We currently provide management services for a fleet of railcars for railroads, shippers, carriers, institutional investors and other leasing and transportation companies in North America. In addition, our Regulatory Services Group offers regulatory, engineering, process consulting and advocacy support to the tank car owner and shipper community, among other services. Our management services business is responsible for the maintenance and administration of our fleet of railcars. 
 5 

Unconsolidated Affiliates 
 United States (U.S.) Axle Manufacturing - We have a 41.9 interest in Axis, LLC (Axis), a joint venture that manufactures and sells axles to its joint venture partners for use and distribution both domestically and internationally. 
 Brazilian Railcar Manufacturing - We have a 60 ownership interest in Greenbrier Maxion-Equipamentos e Servi os Ferrovi rios S.A. (Greenbrier-Maxion), a leading railcar manufacturer in South America, based in Hortolandia, Brazil. Greenbrier-Maxion also assembles bogies and offers a range of aftermarket services including railcar overhaul and refurbishment. We do not consolidate Greenbrier-Maxion for financial reporting purposes and account for our interest under the equity method of accounting as the entity s governance provisions require that all significant decisions of Greenbrier-Maxion are subject to shared consent of its shareholders. 
 Brazilian Castings and Component Parts Manufacturing - We have a 29.5 ownership interest in Amsted-Maxion Fundi o e Equipamentos Ferrovi rios S.A. (Amsted-Maxion) based in Cruzeiro, Brazil. Amsted-Maxion is a manufacturer of various castings and wheel components for railcars and other heavy industrial equipment. Amsted-Maxion has a 40 ownership position in Greenbrier-Maxion and is integrated with the operations of our Brazilian railcar manufacturer. 
 Other Unconsolidated Affiliates - We have other unconsolidated affiliates which primarily include joint ventures that produce rail and industrial components, all of which are presented in Investment in unconsolidated affiliates on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Backlog 
 The following table depicts our reported railcar backlog subject to third-party sale or lease in number of railcars and estimated future revenue value attributable to such backlog, at the dates shown: 

August 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

New railcar backlog units 1 

26,700 

30,900 

29,500 

Estimated future revenue value (in millions) 2 

3,380 

3,810 

3,480 

1 Each platform of a railcar is treated as a separate unit. 
 2 Subject to change based on finalization of product mix. 
 Approximately 3 of backlog units and estimated value as of August 31, 2024 was associated with our Brazilian railcar manufacturing operations, which are accounted for under the equity method. 
 Based on current production schedules, approximately 18,600 units in the August 31, 2024 backlog are scheduled for delivery in 2025. The remaining balance of the production is scheduled for delivery in 2026 and beyond. 
 Our backlog includes approximately 590 million of railcars intended for syndication which are supported by lease agreements with external customers and may be syndicated to third parties or held in our lease fleet, depending on a variety of factors. 
 Our backlog of railcar units is not necessarily indicative of future results of operations. Certain orders in backlog are subject to customary documentation and completion of terms. Customers may attempt to cancel or modify orders in backlog. Historically, little variation has been experienced between the quantity ordered and the quantity actually delivered, though the timing of deliveries may be modified from time to time. 
 Customers 
 Customers across our reportable segments include railroads, leasing companies, financial institutions, shippers, carriers and transportation companies. We have strong, long-term relationships with many of our customers. We believe that our customers preference for high quality products, our technological leadership in developing innovative products, our focus on being highly responsive to our customers' needs and competitive pricing of our railcars have helped us maintain our long-standing relationships with our customers. 
 6 

In 2024, revenue from one customer accounted for approximately 10 of Consolidated Revenue which represented 11 of Manufacturing Revenue, 6 of Leasing Management Services Revenue and 1 of Maintenance Services Revenue. No other customers accounted for greater than 10 of Consolidated Revenue. 
 
 Raw Materials and Components 
 Our products require a supply of materials including steel and specialty components such as brakes, wheels and axles. Specialty components purchased from third parties represent a significant amount of the cost of most freight cars. Our customers often specify particular components and suppliers of such components. Although the number of alternative suppliers of certain specialty components has declined in recent years, there are at least two available suppliers for substantially all of our components. 
 Certain materials and components are periodically in short supply which could potentially impact production at our facilities. In an effort to mitigate shortages and reduce supply chain costs, we have entered into strategic alliances and multi-year arrangements for the global sourcing of certain materials and components. We operate a replacement parts business which aids in our vertical integration and we continue to pursue strategic opportunities to protect and enhance our supply chain. We periodically make advance purchases to avoid possible shortages of material due to capacity limitations of component suppliers, shipping and transportation delays and possible price increases. 
 In 2024, the top ten suppliers for all inventory purchases accounted for approximately 44 of total purchases. The top supplier accounted for 17 of total inventory purchases in 2024. No other suppliers accounted for more than 10 of total inventory purchases. We believe we maintain good relationships with our suppliers. 
 Competition 
 We believe we are currently one of the two largest railcar manufacturers in North America. There are also a handful of specialty builders who focus on niche markets. In Europe, we believe we are in the top tier of railcar manufacturers. Through our 60 ownership interest in Greenbrier-Maxion, we are a leading railcar manufacturer in South America. The railcar manufacturing industry is becoming more global as customers are purchasing railcars from manufacturers outside of their geographic region. In all railcar markets that we serve, we compete on the basis of quality, price, timeliness of delivery, innovative product design, reputation and customer service. 
 Competition in the Maintenance Services businesses is dependent on the type of product or service provided. There are many competitors in these businesses. We compete primarily on the basis of quality, timeliness of delivery, customer service, location of shops, price and engineering expertise. 
 There are at least twenty institutions in North America that provide railcar leasing and/or services similar to ours. Many of them are also customers that buy new railcars from our manufacturing facilities and used railcars from our lease fleet, as well as utilize our management and maintenance services. We compete primarily on the basis of quality, price, timeliness of delivery, reputation, service offerings and deal structuring and syndication ability. We believe our strong servicing capability and our ability to sell railcars with a lease attached (syndicate railcars), integrated with our manufacturing, maintenance shops, railcar specialization and expertise in particular lease structures provides a strong competitive advantage. 
 Marketing and Product Development 
 In North America, we leverage an integrated marketing and sales effort to coordinate relationships in our various segments. We provide our customers with a diverse range of equipment, services and financing alternatives designed to satisfy each customer s unique needs, whether the customer is buying new equipment, sustainable conversion of existing equipment or seeking to outsource the maintenance or management of equipment. These custom programs may involve a combination of railcar products, leasing, sustainable conversions and remarketing services. In addition, we provide customized maintenance management, equipment management, accounting and compliance services and proprietary software solutions. 
 
 In Europe and South America, we maintain relationships with customers through market-specific sales personnel. Our engineering and technical staff works closely with their customer counterparts on the design and certification of railcars. Many European railroads are state-owned and are subject to European Union (EU) regulations covering the 
 7 

tender of government contracts. In Brazil, the government grants long-term concession contracts to private companies to operate and invest in Brazil s freight rail network. 
 Through our research and customer relationships, insights are derived into the potential need for new products and services. Marketing and engineering personnel collaborate to evaluate opportunities and develop new products and services that exceed customers expectations. Research and development costs incurred during the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 were 5.2 million, 4.0 million and 5.4 million, respectively. 
 Human Capital 
 With the oversight of the Board, our Chief Executive Officer and senior leadership are thoughtfully invested in our global workforce. We regularly review our priorities and progress in each of the areas highlighted below. 
 We depend on a highly skilled workforce of approximately 14,200 employees of which approximately half reside in Mexico. Individuals across multiple locations who have technical skills, including experience in welding, engineering, and machine operating, are necessary for us to succeed. 
 Approximately 7,800 employees are represented by unions, primarily in Mexico and Europe. At our Maintenance Services locations, approximately 50 employees are represented by a union. We believe we have good union relations. 
 Safety Employee safety is a top priority and we remain dedicated to continuously improving our safety performance over time. We regularly demonstrate our commitment to maintaining a safe workplace through efforts such as a refreshed safety onboarding and continuous awareness and training process, empowering employees to speak up on safety matters, and enhancing our focus on leading indicators. Our Chief Executive Officer, senior leadership and our Board of Directors monitor our safety performance regularly. 
 Employee Engagement Building a successful human capital management strategy requires foresight, commitment and a willingness to embrace change. We are committed to creating a culture of feedback that reinforces our Core Value of Respect for People. 
 Employee engagement and satisfaction are essential to Greenbrier s success. We prioritize fostering connections, encouraging collaboration, and creating a culture of open dialogue and feedback. Employee surveys play a critical role in helping us understand the priorities of our workforce. In 2023, we expanded our employee engagement survey to include our Mexico facilities, and in 2024, we further expanded to include Europe. Feedback from our surveys continue to influence our approach to creating a culture of open dialogue and feedback. 
 We are dedicated to fostering an inclusive environment that represents the broader communities we serve. We maintain eight Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) sponsored and supported by leadership. Our ERGs aim to instill workplace values that inspire innovation and growth, keep employees engaged, contribute to personal and professional development, and support retention. 
 Communication and Recognition In 2024, Greenbrier enhanced GBX RailDepot, the communication platform launched in 2023 by adding GBXcellence. This recognition and rewards program enhances our workplace culture by empowering employees to acknowledge the outstanding contributions of their peers and leaders, while also celebrating milestones together. 
 Development and Training We understand that a talented and diverse workforce is essential to our success. That's why we focus on developing our employees through customized learning and training programs designed to enhance talent retention. Our personalized approach offers a range of training formats, equipping our team with the resources they need to grow and thrive professionally at Greenbrier. This empowers employees to take charge of their own learning journeys. 
 Compensation and Employee Well-Being To remain competitive globally, we regularly evaluate our compensation programs. This includes reviewing base pay levels for equity both internally and externally and assessing the effectiveness of our short and long-term incentive programs. In addition, we strive to provide competitive health and wellness programs to our employees. 
 8 

Benefits and Wellness We believe benefits programs are a key differentiator in attracting and retaining talent. We strive to provide competitive programs that meet the diverse needs of our employees and their families. This includes health and wellness as well as financial and income protection benefits. 
 Our 2024 Sustainability Update report provides additional information regarding our sustainability strategy and targets. It can be found on our website. Information contained on or accessible through our website is not incorporated into and does not constitute a part of this filing. 
 Patents and Trademarks 
 We have a proactive program aimed at protecting our intellectual property and the results from our research and development. We have obtained a number of U.S. and non-U.S. patents of varying duration, and pending patent applications, registered trademarks, copyrights and trade names. We believe that manufacturing expertise, the improvement of existing technology and the development of new products are important in addition to patent protection, in establishing and maintaining a competitive advantage in our market. 
 Environmental Matters 
 We are subject to national, state and local environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other matters, air emissions, wastewater discharge, solid and hazardous waste disposal and employee health and safety. Prior to acquiring facilities, we conduct investigations to evaluate the environmental condition of subject properties and may negotiate contractual terms for allocation of environmental exposure arising from prior uses. We operate our facilities in a manner designed to maintain compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Environmental studies have been conducted on certain of our owned and leased properties that indicate additional investigation and some remediation on certain properties may be necessary. 
 Portland Harbor Superfund Site 
 Our former Portland, Oregon manufacturing facility (the Portland Property) is located adjacent to the Willamette River. In December 2000, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) classified portions of the Willamette River bed known as the Portland Harbor, including the portion fronting the Portland Property, as a federal "National Priority List" or "Superfund" site due to sediment contamination (the Portland Harbor Site). Our company and more than 140 other parties have received a "General Notice" of potential liability from the EPA relating to the Portland Harbor Site. The letter advised us that we may be liable for the costs of investigation and remediation (which liability may be joint and several with other potentially responsible parties) as well as for natural resource damages resulting from releases of hazardous substances to the site. Ten private and public entities, including our company (the Lower Willamette Group or LWG), signed an Administrative Order on Consent (AOC) to perform a remedial investigation/feasibility study (RI/FS) of the Portland Harbor Site under EPA oversight, and several additional entities did not sign such consent, but nevertheless contributed financially to the effort. The EPA-mandated RI/FS was produced by the LWG and cost over 110 million during a 17-year period. We bore a percentage of the total costs incurred by the LWG in connection with the investigation. Our aggregate expenditure during the 17-year period was not material. Some or all of any such outlay may be recoverable from other responsible parties. The EPA issued its Record of Decision (ROD) for the Portland Harbor Site on January 6, 2017 and accordingly on October 26, 2017, the AOC was terminated. 
 Separate from the process described above, which focused on the type of remediation to be performed at the Portland Harbor Site and the schedule for such remediation, approximately 100 parties, including the State of Oregon and the federal government, are participating in a non-judicial, mediated allocation process to try to allocate costs associated with remediation of the Portland Harbor Site. We will continue to participate in the allocation process. Approximately 110 additional parties signed tolling agreements related to such allocations. On April 23, 2009, our company and the other AOC signatories filed suit against 69 other parties due to a possible limitations period for some such claims; Arkema Inc. et al v. A C Foundry Products, Inc. et al , U.S. District Court, District of Oregon, Case #3:09-cv-453-PK. All but 12 of these parties elected to sign tolling agreements and be dismissed without prejudice, and the case has been stayed by the court until January 14, 2025. 
 9 

The EPA's January 6, 2017 ROD identifies a clean-up remedy that the EPA estimates will take 13 years of active remediation, followed by 30 years of monitoring with an estimated undiscounted cost of 1.7 billion. The EPA typically expects its cost estimates to be accurate within a range of -30 to +50 , but this ROD states that changes in costs are likely to occur. The EPA has identified several work areas within the ROD cleanup area. One of the units, RM9W, includes the nearshore area of the river sediments offshore and downstream of the Portland Property. It also includes a portion of the Portland Property's riverbank. The ROD does not break down total remediation costs by Sediment Decision Unit. The EPA requested that potentially responsible parties enter AOCs during 2019 agreeing to conduct remedial design studies. Some parties have signed AOCs, including one party with respect to RM9W. We have not signed an AOC in connection with remedial design, but we are assisting in funding a portion of the RM9W remedial design. 
 The ROD does not address responsibility for the costs of clean-up, nor does it allocate such costs among the potentially responsible parties. Responsibility for funding and implementing the EPA's selected cleanup remedy will be determined at an unspecified later date. Based on the investigation to date, we believe that we did not contribute in any material way to contaminants of concern in the river sediments or the damage of natural resources in the Portland Harbor Site and that the damage in the area of the Portland Harbor Site adjacent to the Portland Property precedes our ownership of the Portland Property. Because these environmental investigations are still underway, sufficient information is currently not available to determine our liability, if any, for the cost of any required remediation or restoration of the Portland Harbor Site or to estimate a range of potential loss. Based on the results of the pending investigations and future assessments of natural resource damages, we may be required to incur costs associated with additional phases of investigation or remedial action, and may be liable for damages to natural resources. 
 On January 30, 2017 the Confederated Tribes and Bands of Yakama Nation sued 33 parties including our company as well as the federal government and the State of Oregon for costs it incurred in assessing alleged natural resource damages to the Columbia River from contaminants deposited in Portland Harbor. Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation v. Air Liquide America Corp., et al., U.S. Court for the District of Oregon Case No. 3i17-CV-00164-SB. The complaint does not specify the amount of damages the plaintiff will seek. The case has been stayed until January 14, 2025. 
 Oregon Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) Regulation of Portland Manufacturing Operations 
 We entered into a Voluntary Cleanup Agreement with the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) in which we agreed to conduct an investigation of whether, and to what extent, past or present operations at the Portland Property may have released hazardous substances into the environment. We have also signed an Order on Consent with the DEQ to finalize the investigation of potential onsite sources of contamination that may have a release pathway to the Willamette River. Our aggregate expenditure has not been material, however we could incur significant expenses for remediation. Some or all of any such outlay may be recoverable from other responsible parties. 
 Sale of Portland Property 
 We sold the Portland Property in May 2023, but remain potentially liable with respect to the above matters. Any of these matters could adversely affect our business and Consolidated Financial Statements. However, any contamination or exacerbation of contamination that occurs after the sale of the property will be the liability of the current and future owners and operators of the Portland Property. 
 10 

Regulation 
 We must comply with the rules of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the U.S. Department of Transportation (USDOT), and the administrative agencies it oversees, including the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA), the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA), in the U.S. and Transport Canada (TC) in Canada, each of which administer and enforce laws and regulations relating to railroad safety. Products sold and leased by us in North America must meet AAR, TC, PHMSA and FRA standards. More specifically, the transportation of hazardous materials by rail is subject to rigorous oversight by FRA, PHMSA, and DHS. Railroads, acting through the AAR, work in partnership with these and other local, state, and federal entities on hazardous materials-related issues, including train routing, security, tank car design and emergency response. Railroads also require compliance with certain industry best practices that sometimes exceed federal requirements for trains carrying hazardous materials. These regulations govern equipment and safety appliance standards for freight cars and other rail equipment used in interstate and international commerce throughout North America. The AAR promulgates rules and regulations governing the safety and design of equipment, relationships among railroads and other railcar owners with respect to railcars in interchange, and other matters. The AAR also certifies railcar builders and component manufacturers that provide equipment for use on North American railroads. These regulations require maintaining certifications with the AAR as a railcar builder and maintenance provider and component manufacturer. In the ensuing months, we expect new regulations related to recently passed laws that prescribe disclosure of the geographic origin of components of new railcars before new railcars are granted access to the rail interchange system in the United States. 
 Our operations are subject to health and safety regulations by the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and the Secretaria del Trabajo y Prevision Social (STPS) in Mexico. We believe that we employ appropriate precautions to protect our employees and others from workplace injuries and harmful exposure to materials handled and managed at our facilities. However, claims asserted against us for work-related illnesses or injury and the further adoption of occupational safety and health regulations in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions in which we operate could increase our operating costs. While we do not anticipate having to make material expenditures to remain in substantial compliance with health and safety laws and regulations, we are unable to predict the ultimate cost of compliance. 
 The regulatory environment in Europe consists of a combination of EU regulations and country-specific regulations, including a harmonized set of Technical Standards for Interoperability of freight wagons throughout the EU. The regulatory environment in Brazil is overseen by the Ministry of Transportation and the National Agency of Ground Transportation. In all other countries, we conform to country-specific regulations where applicable. 
 Additional Information 
 We are a public reporting company and file annual, quarterly, current and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Through a link on the Investor Relations section of our website, http://www.gbrx.com, we make available the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC: our Annual Report on Form 10-K; Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q; Current Reports on Form 8-K; and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All such filings are available free of charge. Copies of our Audit Committee Charter, Compensation Committee Charter, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics are also available on our website at http://www.gbrx.com. Information contained on our website is not part of or incorporated into this Form 10-K or any other filings with the SEC. In addition, each of the reports and documents listed above are available free of charge by contacting our Investor Relations Department at The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., One Centerpointe Drive, Suite 200, Lake Oswego, Oregon 97035. 
 11 

Item 1A.	 RI SK FACTORS 
 The following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and cash flows, prospects, and stock price. These risks do not identify all risks that we face; other factors, events, or uncertainties currently unknown to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our business or that emerge in the future could affect us adversely. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 An economic downturn and economic uncertainty may adversely affect demand for our products and services. 
 Our customers are often able to delay replacing rail equipment during economic downturns. Factors affecting the level of customer spending for our products and services include general economic conditions, such as inflation, and other factors such as business confidence in future economic conditions, fears of recession, and the availability and cost of efficient capital, among other factors. Worldwide economic conditions remain uncertain. As global economic conditions continue to be volatile or economic uncertainty increases, trends in business spending may become increasingly unpredictable and subject to reductions and fluctuations. Unfavorable economic conditions may lead our customers to delay or reduce purchases of our products and services, result in lower sales volumes, lower prices, lower lease utilization rates, and decreased revenues and profits. 
 Shortages of skilled labor, increased labor costs, or failure to maintain good relations with our workforce could adversely affect our operations. 
 We depend on skilled labor in all areas of our business. Some of our facilities are located in areas where demand for skilled labor often exceeds supply. A shortage of some types of skilled labor such as welders and machine operators would restrict our ability to maintain or increase production rates, lead to production inefficiencies and increase our labor costs. Due to the competitive nature of the labor markets in which we operate and the cyclical nature of the railcar industry, the resulting employment cycle increases our risk of not being able to recruit, train and retain the employees we require at efficient costs and on reasonable terms, particularly when competition for such skilled labor increases. If we lose our reputation as a leader in safety among our industry peers, we may become less competitive in our efforts to attract such skilled labor. Further, we are party to collective bargaining agreements with labor unions at some of our operating sites. Disputes with labor unions, could result in, among other things, strikes, work stoppages or other slowdowns which could cause a significant disruption of our operations and increase our ongoing labor costs. We cannot be assured that our relations with our workforce will remain positive. If we are unable to recruit, train and retain adequate numbers of qualified employees and third-party labor providers on a timely basis or at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Increases in the price of materials and components used in the production of our products could negatively impact our profit margin on the sale of our products. 
 A significant portion of our business depends on the adequate supply of steel, other raw materials, and energy, as well as numerous specialty parts and components, such as brakes, wheels, side frames, bolsters, and bearings for the railcar business, at cost-effective prices. The cost of steel and all other materials used in the production of our railcars represents more than half of our direct manufacturing costs per railcar. If we are not able to purchase materials and energy at competitive prices, our ability to produce and sell our products on a cost-effective basis could be adversely impacted which, in turn, could adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 

Disruptions in the supply of materials and components used in the production of our products could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 Certain materials for our products are currently available from a limited number of suppliers and, as a result, we may have limited control over pricing, availability, and delivery schedules. Additionally, factors beyond our control, including adverse political conditions, trade embargoes, increased tariffs or import duties, inclement weather, natural disasters, pandemics, terrorism and labor disputes may adversely impact our supply chain, particularly if these conditions or disputes result in work slowdowns, lockouts, strikes, facility closures, or related disruptions. The inability to purchase a sufficient quantity of materials on a timely basis could create disruptions in our production and result in delays while we attempt to engage alternative suppliers. Any such disruption or conditions could harm our 
 12 

business and adversely impact our results of operations. The loss of suppliers or their inability to meet our price, quality, quantity and delivery requirements could have an adverse effect on our ability to manufacture and sell our products on a cost-effective basis. 
 If we or our joint ventures fail to complete capital expenditure projects on time and within budget, or if these projects, once completed, fail to operate as anticipated, or fail to improve the efficiencies of our operations, or to generate additional revenue as anticipated, such failure could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 From time-to-time, we, or our joint ventures, undertake strategic capital projects in order to enhance, expand and/or upgrade facilities and operational capabilities including by insourcing production of certain components in our manufacturing operations. Our ability, and our joint ventures respective abilities, to complete these projects on time and within budget, and for us to realize the anticipated increased revenues or lower costs, as applicable, or otherwise realize acceptable returns on these investments or other strategic capital projects that may be undertaken are subject to a number of risks. Many of these risks are beyond our control, including a variety of market, operational, permitting, and labor related factors. In addition, the cost to implement any given strategic capital project ultimately may prove to be greater than originally anticipated. If we, or our joint ventures, are not able to achieve the anticipated results from the implementation of any of these strategic capital projects, or if unanticipated implementation costs are incurred, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, if we are unable to perform insourced functions better than, or at least as well as, our third-party providers, our business may be harmed. 
 Our business and financial results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted if we fail to adequately manage and respond to events that cause an interruption or interference in our business operations. 
 Business resiliency is important to our success. Natural and human-made events and circumstances may delay our ability to deliver products and services to our customers, increase our operating costs, decrease our margins, and adversely impact our results of operations. Such events include, but are not limited to, security breaches, disruptions or failures in our information-technology systems, physical damage to our facilities (including fires, structural failures, power outages or other events), the unavailability of labor, actions or non-action by governmental agencies that prevent or hinder us from operating our business, meeting our contractual obligations, and converting backlog to revenue. The impact of such disruptions to our business and results of operations may vary based on the length and severity of the disruption. Our failure to create and implement systems for monitoring, mitigating, managing, and recovering from such events could increase the length and severity of such disruptions, and could subject us to losses including penalties, cancellation of orders, and/or other losses. 
 We face risks related to cybersecurity threats and incidents that increase our costs and could disrupt our business and operations, damage our reputation, and result in material liabilities. 
 We face attempts by malicious hackers, state-sponsored organizations, intruders and potential terrorists, as well as by bad actor employees or third-party service providers, to gain unauthorized access into our physical facilities, or introduce malicious software to our network or those of our customers to, among other things: steal proprietary information related to our business, products, employees, and customers; interrupt our systems and services or those of our customers; corrupt the processes used to operate our businesses and to design and manufacture our products; or demand ransom to return control of such systems and services. Such attempts are increasing in number and in technical sophistication, and if successful, would expose us and the affected parties to risk of loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, and could significantly disrupt our business operations. Our information technology infrastructure also includes products and services provided by third parties, and these providers can experience breaches of their systems and products that affect the security of our systems and our proprietary or confidential information. Our reliance on information technology increases to the extent working remotely increases among our employees. 
 The theft, loss, or misuse of third-party data collected, used, stored, or transferred by us to run our business, and our attempts to address cybersecurity threats and incidents, whether or not successful, could result in our incurring significant costs related to, for example, disruptions in our operations, rebuilding internal systems, implementing additional threat protection measures, defending against litigation, responding to regulatory inquiries or actions, paying damages, or taking other remedial steps with respect to third parties, as well as reputational harm. In addition, 
 13 

these threats are constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of successfully defending against them or implementing adequate preventative measures. While we seek to detect and investigate unauthorized attempts and attacks against our network, products, and services, and to prevent their recurrence where practicable through changes to our internal processes and tools, we remain potentially vulnerable to additional known or unknown threats. In some instances, we, our customers, and the users of our products and services can be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. These risks can be further complicated by new and evolving government regulations and requirements for cybersecurity incident reporting, which can result in greater scrutiny of and demands on our incident detection, analysis, mitigation and remediation processes and procedures. 
 In addition, global privacy legislation, enforcement, and policy activity in this area are rapidly expanding and creating a complex regulatory compliance environment. Costs to comply with and implement these privacy-related and data protection measures could be significant, and noncompliance could expose us to significant monetary penalties, damage to our reputation, and even criminal sanctions. Even our inadvertent failure to comply with federal, state, or international privacy-related or data-protection laws and regulations could result in audits, regulatory inquiries, or proceedings against us by governmental entities or other third parties. 
 A material disruption in the movement of rail traffic could impair our ability to deliver railcars and other products to our customers in a timely manner which could prevent us from meeting customer demand, reduce our sales, and negatively impact our results of operations. 
 Once a railcar or other product is manufactured in one of our plants, it must be moved by rail to a customer delivery point. In many cases, the manufacturing plant and the delivery point are in different countries. Many different and unrelated factors could cause a delay in our ability to move our goods in a timely manner from the manufacturing plant to the delivery point including physical disruptions such as armed conflict, natural disasters and power outages, strikes, pandemics, labor stoppages or shortages hindering the operation of railroads and related transportation infrastructure, regulatory and bureaucratic inefficiency and unresponsiveness, uncertainty due to inconsistent treatment from regulators, and other causes. In addition, our manufacturing facilities often purchase raw materials from different countries. The same factors affecting the movement of our completed railcars can disrupt the movement of these raw materials to our manufacturing facilities. A material disruption in the movement of our completed cars or raw materials, especially between countries and across borders, could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 Equipment failures, technological failures, costs and inefficiencies associated with changing of production lines, or transfer of production between facilities, could lead to production, delivery, or service curtailments or shutdowns, loss of revenue or higher expenses. 
 We operate a substantial amount of equipment at our production facilities. An interruption in production capabilities or maintenance and repair capabilities at our facilities, as a result of equipment or technology failure, natural disasters, pandemics, terrorism, costs and inefficiencies associated with changing of production lines or transfer of production between facilities, could reduce or prevent our production, delivery, service, or repair of our products and increase our costs and expenses. A halt of production at any of our manufacturing facilities could severely affect delivery times to our customers. Any significant delay in deliveries not otherwise contractually mitigated could result in cancellation of all or a portion of our orders, the loss of future sales, and negatively affect our reputation and our results of operations. 

An inability to successfully manage, maintain, update, and secure our information systems, and utilize these systems to produce, disseminate, and store relevant and reliable data and information pertaining to our business, could adversely affect our business and competitive position in the market. 
 
 We rely on information technology infrastructure and architecture, including hardware, network, software, people, processes and other infrastructure to provide useful and confidential information to conduct our business. In the ordinary course of business, we collect and store sensitive data and information, including our proprietary and regulated business information, that of our customers, suppliers and business partners, and personally identifiable information about our employees, as well as internal communications and exchanges with customers, suppliers, legal counsel, governmental agencies, and consultants. We depend on our information systems to successfully manage our 
 14 

business. We have taken steps to maintain adequate data security by implementing security technologies, internal controls, and network and data center resiliency and recovery processes. 
 
 In addition, we continually evaluate and implement upgrades and changes to our information technology systems. We could experience problems in connection with such implementations, including compatibility issues, training requirements, higher than expected implementation costs and other integration challenges and delays. A significant problem with an implementation, integration with other systems or ongoing management and operation of our systems could negatively impact our business by disrupting operations. Such a problem could also have an adverse effect on our ability to generate and interpret accurate management and financial reports and other information on a timely basis, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial reporting system and internal controls and adversely affect our ability to manage our business. 
 Furthermore, despite our efforts, our information systems and processes, like those of other companies, are susceptible to damage or interruption due to natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, viruses, breaches of security, system upgrades or new system implementations, as well as the inability of these systems or processes to fulfill their intended purpose within our business. Any operational failure or breach of security could lead to the loss or disclosure of both our and our customers financial, product and other confidential information, result in regulatory actions and legal proceedings, and/or have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. 
 Our backlog is not necessarily indicative of the level of our future revenues. 
 Our manufacturing backlog represents future production for our customers and estimated potential revenue attributable to such production. Our backlog of railcar units is not necessarily indicative of future results of operations. Some orders are subject to customary documentation, conditions, or completion of terms which may not occur. If a customer cancels an order, we may be unable to recover the entire amount we anticipated receiving from the order. The timing of converting backlog to revenue is also materially impacted by our decision whether to lease railcars, sell railcars, syndicate railcars with a lease attached to an investor, or contribute railcars to our lease fleet. Actual revenue may not equal our anticipated revenues based on our backlog. 
 We operate in highly competitive industries. We may not be able to sustain our market leadership positions, which may impact our financial results. 
 We face significant competition serving the markets and geographies our customers operate in. We face competition with respect to price, quality, timing, product performance, technological innovation, warranties, reliability of delivery, customer service, and other factors. The effects of this competition could reduce our revenues and operating profits, increase our expenses, limit our ability to grow, and otherwise affect our financial results. 
 We rely on limited suppliers for certain components and services needed in our production. If we are not able to procure specialty components or services on commercially reasonable terms or on a timely basis, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 Our manufacturing operations depend in part on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of materials, components and services in acceptable quantities and quality from our suppliers. In 2024, the top ten suppliers for all inventory purchases accounted for approximately 44 of total purchases. The top supplier accounted for approximately 17 of total inventory purchases in 2024. No other suppliers accounted for more than 10 of total inventory purchases. Certain components of our products, particularly specialized components like castings, bolsters, trucks, wheels and axles, and certain services, such as lining capabilities, are currently only available from a limited number of suppliers. If any one or more of our suppliers cease to provide us with sufficient quantities of our components or services in a timely manner or on terms acceptable to us, or cease to provide services or manufacture components of acceptable quality, or go out of business, we could incur disruptions or be limited in our production of our products and may not be able to promptly identify alternative sources for these components or services. 
 In addition, we are increasing the number of components and services we manufacture or provide ourselves, directly or through joint ventures. If we are not successful at manufacturing such components or providing such services or have production problems after transitioning to self-produced supplies, we may not be able to replace such components or services from third-party suppliers in a timely manner. Any resulting disruption in our supply, or increase in the cost of specialized components and services, could harm our business and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 15 

The timing of our asset sales and related revenue recognition could cause significant differences in our quarterly results and liquidity. 
 We may build products in anticipation of a customer order, or lease railcars to a customer with the aim of selling such railcars on lease to a third-party. In such cases, the lag between production and sale results in uneven recognition of revenue and earnings over time. Our production during any given period may be concentrated in relatively few contracts, intensifying the amplitude and irregularity of our revenue streams. The timing of recognizing revenue on a railcar is also materially impacted by our decision whether to lease the railcar to a lessee, sell the railcar, or syndicate the railcar with a lease attached to an investor. In addition, we periodically sell railcars from our own lease fleet and the timing and volume of such sales are difficult to predict. As a result, comparisons of our Manufacturing or Leasing Management Services revenue, deliveries, quarterly net gain on disposition of equipment, income and liquidity between quarterly periods within one year and between comparable periods in different years may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as indicators of our future performance. 
 
 We depend on our senior management team and other key employees, and significant attrition within our management team or unsuccessful succession planning for members of our senior management team and other key employees, could adversely affect our business. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to attract, retain and motivate senior management and other key employees. Achieving this objective may be difficult due to many factors, including fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions, competitors hiring practices, cost reduction activities, and the effectiveness of our compensation programs. Competition for qualified personnel can be very intense. We must continue to recruit, retain and motivate senior management and other key employees sufficient to maintain our current business and support our future projects and growth objectives. We are vulnerable to attrition among our current senior management team and other key employees. Some members of our senior management team and other key employees are at or nearing retirement age. If we are unsuccessful in our succession planning efforts, the continuity of our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. A loss of any such personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We derive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers, the loss of or reduction of business from one or more of which could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 A significant portion of our revenue is generated from a few major customers. In 2024, revenue from one customer accounted for approximately 10 of Consolidated Revenue. No other customers accounted for greater than 10 of Consolidated Revenue. Although we have some long-term contractual relationships with our major customers, we cannot be assured that we will continue to have good relations with our customers, or that our customers will continue to purchase or lease our products or services, or will continue to do so at historical levels, or will renew their existing contracts with us. A reduction in the purchasing or leasing of our products, a termination of our services by one or more of our major customers, a decline in the financial condition of a major customer, or our failure to replace expiring customer contracts with new customer contracts on satisfactory terms could result in a loss of business and have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 Our business may be negatively impacted as a result of war in Ukraine, as well as civil unrest and armed conflict in other geographies. 
 In February 2022, the Russian Federation commenced a military invasion of Ukraine. We cannot predict the full impact of the ongoing war in Ukraine, the economic sanctions imposed on Russia, and the related economic and geopolitical instability, including instability in the manufacturing and freight rail markets. Some of our operations, particularly in Europe, have experienced higher energy costs, an increase in the price and decrease in the availability of steel and certain other materials and components, disruptions in transportation and supply chains, and higher manufacturing and borrowing costs. Not all of these costs are subject to escalation and related clauses which allow us to pass through costs to our customers, and there is a risk we will not be successful in renegotiating or managing the implementation of existing agreements to allow us to pass through these increased prices of manufacturing. These negative factors may continue to occur along with other risks to our business that may emerge which include, among others, prolonged heightened inflation, macroeconomic interventions in response to inflation, cyber disruptions or attacks, and disruptions in credit markets. These factors and others could disrupt our business directly and could disrupt the business of our customers thereby reducing or delaying orders of our goods and services. Prolonged civil unrest, 
 16 

political instability or uncertainty, military activities, or broad-based sanctions related to the war in Ukraine or civil unrest or armed conflict in other geographies could have an adverse effect on our operations and business outlook. 
 
 Our debt could have negative consequences to our business or results of operations. 
 We face several risks due to our debt and debt service obligations including: our potential inability to satisfy our financial obligations related to our consolidated indebtedness; potential breach of the covenants in our credit agreements (including our revolving credit facility, asset-backed facilities and other facilities); our ability to borrow additional amounts or refinance existing indebtedness in the future to fund operating needs may be limited or costly; our availability of cash flow may be inadequate because a portion of our cash flow is needed to pay principal and interest on our debt; we may be at a disadvantage relative to our competitors that have greater financial resources than us or more flexible capital structures than us; we face additional exposure to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest, which could result in higher interest expense in the event of an increase in interest rates; restrictions under debt agreements may adversely interfere with our financial and operating flexibility; and exposure to the possibility that we may suffer a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition if we are unable to service our debt or obtain additional financing, as needed. 
 We, our subsidiaries, and our joint ventures may incur additional indebtedness, including secured indebtedness, and other obligations and liabilities that do not constitute indebtedness. This could increase the risks associated with our debt. Some of our credit facilities and existing indebtedness use variable rates which may make the amount of interest we pay on such variable rate indebtedness difficult to predict. 
 A failure to design or manufacture products or technologies or to achieve timely certification or market acceptance of new products or technologies could have an adverse effect on our profitability. 
 We continue to introduce new railcar product innovations and technologies as well as develop and offer information-technology-based services. We occasionally accept orders prior to receiving railcar certification or proving our ability to manufacture a quality product that meets customer standards. We could be unable to successfully design or manufacture new railcar product innovations or technologies. Our software products and information-technology-based services may contain design defects, software errors, hardware failures or other computer system failures that are difficult to detect and correct. Our inability to develop and manufacture new products or technologies in a timely and profitable manner, or to obtain timely certification, or to achieve market acceptance, or to avoid quality problems in our new products, could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and results of operations and subject us to losses including penalties, cancellation of orders, rejection of railcars by a customer and/or other losses. 
 Our product and service warranties could expose us to significant claims. 
 We offer our customers limited warranties for many of our products and services. Accordingly, we may be subject to significant warranty claims in the future, such as multiple claims based on one defect repeated throughout our production or servicing processes, claims for which the cost of repairing the defective part is highly disproportionate to the original cost of the part, or defects in railcars or services which we discover in the future resulting in increased warranty costs or litigation. Warranty and product support terms may expand beyond those which have traditionally prevailed in the rail supply industry. These types of warranty claims could result in costly product recalls, customers seeking monetary damages, significant repair costs and damage to our reputation. If warranty claims attributable to actions of third-party component manufacturers are not recoverable from such parties due to their poor financial condition or other reasons, we could be liable for warranty claims and other risks for using these materials in our products. 
 17 

Insurance coverage could be costly, unavailable or inadequate. 
 The ability to insure our businesses, facilities and rail assets is an important aspect of our ability to manage risk. As there are only limited providers of this insurance to the railcar industry, there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available on a cost-effective basis in the future. In addition, we cannot be assured that our insurance carriers will be able to pay current or future claims. Additionally, the nature of our business subjects us to physical damage, business interruption and product liability claims, especially in connection with the repair and manufacture of products that carry hazardous or volatile materials. Although we maintain liability insurance coverage at commercially reasonable levels compared to similarly sized heavy equipment manufacturers, an unusually large physical damage, business interruption or product liability claim or a series of claims based on a failure repeated throughout our production process could exceed our insurance coverage and/or result in damage to our reputation, which could materially adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property or if third parties assert that our products or services infringe their intellectual property rights, our ability to compete in the market may be harmed, and our business and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 If our intellectual property rights are not adequately protected, we may not be able to commercialize our technologies, products or services and our competitors could commercialize them, which could result in a decrease in our sales and market share and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Conversely, third parties might assert that our products, services, technologies or other business activities infringe their patents or other intellectual property rights. Infringement and other intellectual property claims and proceedings brought against us, whether successful or not, could result in substantial litigation and judgment costs and harm our reputation. 
 Our financial performance and market value could cause write-downs of goodwill or intangibles or other long-lived assets in future periods. 
 We are required to perform an annual impairment test of goodwill and other indefinite lived assets which could result in an impairment charge if it is determined that the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. We perform a goodwill impairment test at the reporting unit level annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may exceed their fair value. In addition, we periodically review our intangible and other long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances, such as a divestiture, indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. 
 If indicators suggest it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value or that the carrying amount of intangible or long-lived assets may not be recoverable, it may result in an impairment. Impairment charges impact our results of operations in the period in which they are identified. Further, write-downs of goodwill and other assets could affect certain of the financial covenants under debt instruments and could restrict our financial flexibility. 
 Our business will suffer if we are unsuccessful in making, integrating, and maintaining acquisitions, joint ventures and other strategic investments. 
 We have acquired businesses and invested in or entered into joint ventures in past periods. We may in the future acquire other businesses or invest in or enter into other joint ventures. Our failure to identify future acquisition or joint venture opportunities, to complete potential acquisitions or joint ventures on favorable terms, or to realize anticipated benefits from such acquisitions or joint ventures, could hinder our ability to grow our business. These transactions create risks to our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing operations, the time and effort required to integrate new or acquired businesses into our existing business, and the challenges of coordinating geographically dispersed organizations, as well as risks to the new or acquired business, such as the retention of key personnel and unanticipated expenses. In addition, we might need to issue additional equity securities, spend our cash, or incur debt, contingent liabilities, or amortization expenses related to intangible assets in connection with effecting an acquisition or joint venture, any of which could reduce our profitability and harm our business or only be available on unfavorable terms, if at all. 
 
 18 

Risks Related to Market and Economic Factors 
 Inflation as well as monetary and other policy interventions by governments and central banks in response to inflation, including the increase of interest rates, as well as uncertainly about governmental macroeconomic policies, could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 General inflation in the U.S., Europe and other geographies has risen to levels not experienced in recent decades. General inflation also negatively impacts our business by decreasing the capital our customers have to deploy to purchase our goods and services. Inflation may cause our customers to reduce or delay orders for our goods and services thereby causing a decrease in our sales. The United States Federal Reserve, the European Central Bank, and several other central banks increased benchmark interest rates during 2024. Rising interest rates increases our borrowing costs potentially decreasing our profitability. Additionally, increased borrowing costs faced by our customers could result in decreased demand for our products. Monetary interventions also risk a sustained decline in aggregate demand, either globally or within one or more geographic markets. A decline in demand for our products would have a negative impact on our business and results of operations. 
 The types of rail equipment we sell and the services we provide significantly impact our revenue and our margin and are dependent on broad economic trends over which we have little or no control. 
 We manufacture, lease, maintain and refurbish a broad range of railcars and related rail equipment. The demand for specific types of railcars and the mix of repair and refurbishment work varies over time. Changes in the global economy and the industries and geographies that we serve cause shifts in demand for specific products and services. Demand for specific types of railcars increases and decreases with the demand for goods such as grains, metals, construction aggregates, fertilizer, perishables and general merchandise, plastic pellets, oil and gas, bio-fuels, chemicals, and automobiles, among others, which is beyond our control. These shifts in demand could affect our results of operations and could have an adverse effect on our revenue and our profitability. 
 Cyclical economic downturns in our industry usually result in decreased demand for our products and services and reduced revenue. 
 The industry in which we operate is subject to periodic economic cycles, and the purchasing trends of customers in our industry have a significant impact on demand for our products and services. As a result, during downturns, the rate at which we convert backlog to revenue usually decreases and we may slow down or halt production at some of our facilities. An economic downturn in our industry would impact the demand for our products and services, and would result in one or more of the following: lower sales volumes, lower prices, lower lease utilization rates and decreased revenues and profits. 
 Demand for our railcar equipment and services is dependent on the future of rail transportation and the manner in which railroads operate. 
 Demand for our rail equipment and services may decrease if freight rail decreases as a mode of freight transportation used by customers to ship their products, or if governmental policies favor modes of freight transportation other than rail. If rail freight transportation becomes more efficient or dwell times decrease, demand for our rail equipment and services may decrease. If the rail freight industry becomes oversupplied, prices for our railcars, lease rates, and demand for our products and services may decrease. The industries in which our customers operate are driven by dynamic market forces and trends, which are in turn influenced by economic, regulatory, and political factors. Features and functionality specific to certain railcar types could result in those railcars becoming obsolete as customer requirements for freight delivery change. 
 Risks related to our operations outside of the U.S. could adversely affect our operating results. 
 We own, lease, operate or have invested in businesses that have manufacturing facilities in Mexico, Brazil and Europe, and have customers and suppliers located outside the United States. Instability in the macroeconomic, political, military, legal, regulatory, trade, financial, labor or market conditions in or relating to the countries where we, or our customers or suppliers, operate could negatively impact our business activities and operations. Some foreign countries in which we operate or may operate have authorities that regulate railroad safety and rail equipment design and manufacturing. If we do not have appropriate certifications, we could be unable to market and sell our rail equipment 
 19 

in those markets. Adverse changes in foreign regulations or enforcement practices applicable to us or our customers, such as labor, environment, trade, tax, currency and price regulations, could limit our operations, make the manufacture and distribution of our products difficult, and delay or limit our ability to repatriate income derived from foreign markets. 
 Our business benefits from free trade agreements between the U.S. and foreign governments, and from various U.S. corporate tax provisions related to international commerce. Any changes in trade or tax policies by the U.S. or foreign governments in jurisdictions in which we do business, as well as any embargoes, quotas or tariffs imposed on our products and services, could adversely and significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Among the political risks we face outside the U.S. are governments nationalizing our business or assets, repudiating or renegotiating contracts with us, our customers or our suppliers, or revising their judicial or other governmental systems in a manner that decreases legal certainty. In our cross-border business activities, we could experience longer customer payment cycles, difficulty in collecting accounts receivable or an inability to protect our intellectual property. We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-corruption laws, which may conflict with local business customs in certain jurisdictions. The failure to comply with laws governing international business may result in substantial penalties and fines and reputational harm. Transactions with non-U.S. entities expose us to business practices, local customs, and legal processes with which we may not be familiar, as well as difficulty enforcing contracts and international political and trade tensions. If we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with our foreign and cross-border business activities, our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows could be negatively impacted. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could lead to increased costs and lower profitability. 
 Outside of the U.S., we primarily conduct business in Mexico, Europe and Brazil, and our non-U.S. businesses conduct their operations in local currencies. We also source materials worldwide. Fluctuations in exchange rates may affect demand for our products in foreign markets or our cost competitiveness and may adversely affect our profitability. Although we attempt to mitigate a portion of our exposure to changes in currency rates through currency rate hedge contracts and other activities, these efforts cannot fully eliminate the risks associated with foreign currencies. In addition, some of our borrowings are in foreign currencies, giving rise to risk from fluctuations in exchange rates. A material or adverse change in exchange rates could result in significant deterioration of profits or in losses for us. 
 The deterioration of conditions in the global capital markets, weakening of macroeconomic conditions and changes in the credit markets and the financial services industry could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 
 Our leasing subsidiaries' operations relies in large part upon banks and capital markets to fund their operations and contractual commitments and refinance existing debt. These markets can experience high levels of volatility and access to capital can be constrained for extended periods of time. In addition to conditions in the capital markets, a number of other factors could cause us to incur increased borrowing costs and have greater difficulty accessing public and private markets for both secured and unsecured debt. The credit markets and the financial services industry may experience volatility which can result in tighter availability of credit on more restrictive terms and limit our ability to sell railcar assets or to syndicate railcars to investors with leases attached. Our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted if our ability to borrow money to finance operations, obtain credit from trade creditors, obtain credit to maintain our hedging programs, offer leasing products to our customers or sell railcar assets were to be impaired. In addition, scarcity of capital could also adversely affect our customers ability to purchase, lease, or pay for products from us or adversely affect our suppliers ability to provide us with product. Any of these conditions or events could result in reductions in our revenues, increased price competition, or increased operating costs, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 20 

We could be unable to lease railcars at satisfactory rates, remarket leased railcars on favorable terms upon lease termination, or realize the expected residual values for end of life railcars due to changes in scrap prices, each of which could reduce our revenue and decrease our overall return or affect our ability to sell leased assets in the future. 
 The profitability of our railcar leasing business depends on our ability to lease railcars at satisfactory rates, sell railcars with sufficiently profitable leases to investors, and to remarket, sell or scrap railcars we own or manage upon the expiration of leases. The rent we receive during the initial railcar lease term typically covers only a small portion of the railcar acquisition or production costs. Thus, we are exposed to a remarketing risk throughout the life of the railcar because we must obtain lease rates or a sale price sufficient to cover our acquisition or production costs related to the railcar. Our ability to lease or remarket leased railcars profitably is dependent on several factors, including, but not limited to, market and industry conditions, cost of, and demand for, competing used or newer models, availability of credit and the credit-worthiness of potential customers, costs associated with the refurbishment of the railcars, the market demand or governmental mandates for refurbishment, customers not defaulting on their leases, as well as market perceptions of residual values and interest rates. A downturn in the industries in which our lessees operate and decreased demand for railcars could also increase our exposure to remarketing risks because lessees may demand shorter lease terms, requiring us to remarket leased railcars more frequently. Furthermore, the resale market for previously leased railcars has a limited number of potential buyers. Our inability to lease, remarket or sell leased railcars on favorable terms could result in an adverse impact to our operating results or affect our ability to sell leased railcars to investors in the future. Additionally, when the price of scrap steel declines, our revenues and margins in such businesses decrease. Notwithstanding the terms of the leases we enter into, our lessees may misuse, abuse, improperly install components or improperly or inadequately maintain or repair the railcars we have leased to them. These actions could result in a diminution in the value of the railcars, as well as our potential exposure to claims that could increase our costs and weaken our financial condition. 
 A limited availability of financing or higher interest rates could increase the cost of, or potentially deter, new leasing arrangements with our customers, reduce our ability to syndicate railcars under lease to financial institutions, or impact the sales price we may receive on such syndications, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Some of our competitors are owned or financially supported by foreign governments and may sell products below cost or otherwise compete unfairly. 
 The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive and we expect them to remain intensely competitive into the foreseeable future. Some of our competitors are owned or financially supported by foreign governments or sovereign wealth funds, and may potentially sell products and services below cost, or otherwise compete unfairly, in order to gain market share. The relative competitiveness of our manufacturing facilities and products affects our performance. A number of competitive factors challenge or affect our ability to compete successfully including the introduction of competitive products and new entrants into our markets, a limited customer base and price pressures from unfair competition and increases in raw materials and labor costs. If we do not compete successfully, our market share, margin and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Fires, natural disasters, pandemics, terrorism, or severe or unusual weather conditions could disrupt our business and result in loss of revenue or higher expenses or decreased demand. 
 Any serious disruption at any of our facilities due to pandemics, terrorism, fire, hurricane, earthquake, flood, other severe weather events or any other natural disaster could impair our ability to use our facilities and have a material adverse impact on our revenues and increase our costs and expenses. Disruptions can arise from damage to our facilities and operations from such events or from government, regulator or customer actions taken to respond to or mitigate such events. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted businesses globally, including our business, due to changes in consumer behavior, pandemic fears and market downturns, and the extraordinary actions taken by governmental authorities to contain and combat the outbreak and spread of COVID-19 in regions throughout the world. Such events can also materially disrupt the operations of our customers and suppliers. If there is a natural disaster or other serious disruption at any of our facilities, particularly at any of our Mexican or Arkansas facilities, it could impair our ability to adequately supply our customers, cause a significant disruption to our operations, cause us to incur significant costs to relocate or reestablish these functions and negatively impact our operating results. While 
 21 

we insure against certain business interruption risks, such insurance may not adequately compensate us for any losses incurred as a result of natural or other disasters. 
 
 Additionally, seasonal fluctuations in weather conditions may lead to greater variation in our quarterly operating results as unusually mild weather conditions will generally lead to lower demand for our wheel-related products and services. If occurring for prolonged periods, such weather could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, climate change could result in an increased frequency of severe weather events and/or greater variance in weather conditions, and rising sea levels that could affect operations at our manufacturing facilities, the price of insuring company assets, or other unforeseen disruptions of our operations, systems, property or equipment. 
 Risks Related to Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Matters 
 Train derailments or other accidents could subject us to legal claims that adversely impact our business, financial condition and our results of operations. 
 We provide a number of services which include the manufacture and supply of new railcars, wheels, new and refurbished axles, components and parts and the lease and maintenance of railcars for our customers that transport a variety of commodities, including tank railcars that transport hazardous materials such as crude oil, ethanol, chlorine, anhydrous ammonia and other products. In addition, we have a Regulatory Services Group that offers regulatory, engineering, and process consulting and advocacy support to the tank car and petrochemical rail shipper community, among other services. We could be subject to various legal claims, including claims of negligence, personal injury, physical damage and product or service liability, or in some cases strict liability, as well as potential penalties and liability under environmental laws and regulations, in the event of a derailment or other accident involving railcars, including tank railcars, whether resulting from natural disasters, human error, terrorism, or other causes. If we become subject to any such claims and are unable to successfully resolve them or maintain inadequate insurance for such claims, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected, and may also harm our reputation. 
 The products we manufacture are designed to work optimally when properly operated, installed, repaired, maintained and used to transport the intended cargo. Our products may be sold to third parties who may misuse, improperly install or improperly or inadequately maintain or repair such products, which may result in us being subjected to claims or litigation associated with product damage, injuries or property damage that could increase our costs and weaken our financial condition. 
 Risks related to potential misconduct by employees may adversely impact us. 
 Our employees may engage in misconduct, fraud or other improper activities, including noncompliance with our policies or regulatory standards and requirements, which could subject us to regulatory sanctions and reputational damage and materially harm our business. It is not always possible to deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses, including risks associated with harassment, as well as whistleblower complaints and litigation. There can be no assurance that we will succeed in preventing misconduct by employees in the future. In addition, the investigation of alleged misconduct disrupts our operations and may harm the public s perception of our company, which may be costly. Any such events in the future may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Changes in, or failure to comply with, applicable regulations may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our company and the other participants in our industry are subject to regulation by governmental agencies. These authorities establish, interpret, and enforce rules and regulations for the railcar industry. New rules and regulations and shifting enforcement priorities of regulators could increase our operating costs and the operating costs of our 
 22 

customers. Changes to the process for obtaining regulatory approval in Europe for the operation of new or modified railcars may make it more difficult for us to deliver products timely and to comply with our sales contracts. 
 We cannot guarantee that we or our suppliers will be in compliance at all times, compliance may prove to be more costly and limiting than we currently anticipate, and compliance requirements could increase in future years. If we or our suppliers fail to comply with applicable requirements and regulations, we could face sanctions and penalties that could negatively affect our financial results. 
 We have potential exposure to environmental liabilities, which could increase our operating costs or have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We are subject to extensive governmental regulations concerning, among other things, air emissions, water discharge, solid waste and hazardous substances handling and disposal and employee health and safety. These laws and regulations are complex and frequently change. We could incur unexpected costs, penalties and other civil and criminal liabilities if we, or in certain circumstances others, fail to comply with environmental laws or permits issued pursuant to those laws. We also could incur costs or liabilities related to off-site waste disposal or remediating soil or groundwater contamination at our properties, including as set forth in Item 3, Legal Proceedings. In addition, future environmental laws and regulations may require significant capital expenditures or changes to our operations, or may impose liability on us in the future for actions that complied with then applicable laws and regulations when the action was taken. 
 Business, regulatory, and legal developments regarding climate change may increase our operating costs, and may negatively affect the demand for our products or the ability of our critical suppliers to meet our needs. 
 Legislation and new rules to regulate emission of greenhouse gases (GHGs) have been introduced in numerous state legislatures, the U.S. Congress, and by the EPA, as well as in Europe and other geographies in which we operate. Some of these proposals would require industries to meet stringent new standards that may require substantial reporting of GHGs and other carbon intensive activities in addition to potentially mandating reductions in carbon emissions. While we cannot assess the direct impact of these or other potential regulations, we recognize that new climate change reporting or compliance protocols could increase our operating costs, decrease demand for our products and/or increase the price or decrease the availability of materials, input factors and manufactured components which could reduce our margins. 
 Changes in accounting standards, the implementation of new accounting standards, or inaccurate estimates or assumptions in the application of accounting policies, could adversely affect our financial results . 
 Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. Some of these policies require use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported value of our assets or liabilities and financial results and are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective, and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. Estimates, judgments and assumptions underlying the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill, income taxes and environmental costs, among others. If our accounting policies, methods, judgments, assumptions, estimates and allocations prove to be incorrect, or if circumstances change, our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, ability to pay dividends or stock price may be materially adversely affected. 
 Accounting standard setters and those who interpret the accounting standards (such as the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC, and independent registered public accounting firms) may amend or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, resulting in the revision of prior period financial statements. Changes in accounting standards can be hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. 
 23 

Some of our customers place orders for our products in reliance on their ability to utilize tax benefits or tax credits, any of which benefits or credits could be discontinued thereby reducing incentives for our customers to purchase our rail products. 
 There is no assurance that tax authorities will reauthorize, modify, or prevent the expiration of tax benefits, tax credits, or other policies aimed to incentivize the purchase of our products. If such incentives are discontinued or diminished, the demand for our products could decrease, thereby creating the potential for a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Risks Related to our Common Stock 
 Our stock price has been volatile and may continue to experience large fluctuations. 
 The price of our common stock has experienced rapid and significant price fluctuations. The price for our common stock is likely to continue to be volatile and subject to price and volume fluctuations in response to market and other factors, including the factors discussed elsewhere in these risk factors. A material decline in the price of our common stock may result in the assertion of certain claims against us, and/or the commencement of inquiries and/or investigations against us. A prolonged decline in the price of our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock, a reduction in our ability to raise capital, and the inability of investors to obtain a favorable selling price for their shares. Following periods of volatility in the market price of their stock, historically many companies have been the subject of securities class action litigation. If we became involved in securities class action litigation in the future, it could result in substantial costs and diversion of our management s attention and our resources and could harm our stock price, business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business and operations could be negatively affected if we become subject to shareholder activism, which could cause us to incur significant expense, hinder execution of our business strategy and impact our stock price. 
 In recent years, companies with a class of publicly-traded securities commonly face proxy contests, public information campaigns, and other forms of shareholder activism. Shareholder activism could result in substantial costs to the Company, give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future, adversely affect our relationships with suppliers, customers, and regulators, make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel, and adversely impact our stock price. 
 Our current shareholders could experience dilution. 
 We require substantial working capital to fund our business. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity securities or convertible securities, the percentage ownership held by our shareholders would be reduced and the equity securities we issue may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our common stock. Additionally, we have the option to settle outstanding convertible notes in cash, although if we opt not to or do not have the ability to settle outstanding convertible notes in cash, the conversion of some or all of our convertible notes may dilute the ownership interests of existing shareholders. Any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon the conversion of the notes could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the notes could depress the price of our common stock. 
 Certain provisions in our charter documents, Oregon law, and our debt instruments could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove members of our Board of Directors and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, Oregon law, and contracts and debt instruments to which we are a party, contain certain provisions that could delay, defer or prevent an acquisition proposal that some, or a majority, of our shareholders might believe to be in their best interests or in which shareholders might receive a premium for their common stock over the then-prevailing market price. These provisions could also dissuade shareholders or third parties from contesting director elections and could cause investors to view our securities as less attractive investments and reduce the market price of our common stock. Certain relevant provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, as well as Oregon law, are described in further detail in Description of the Registrant s Securities Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 included as Exhibit 4.3 to this Form 10-K. 
 24 

Payments of cash dividends on our common stock may be made only at the discretion of our Board of Directors and may be restricted by Oregon law. 
 Any decision to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our operating results, strategic plans, capital requirements, financial condition, provisions of our borrowing arrangements and other factors our Board of Directors considers relevant. Furthermore, Oregon law imposes restrictions on our ability to pay dividends. Accordingly, we may not be able to continue to pay dividends in any given amount in the future, or at all. 
 Although our share repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term shareholder value, we cannot provide assurance that this will occur, and this program may be suspended or terminated at any time. 
 The Board of Directors has authorized our company to repurchase our common stock through a share repurchase program. Our share repurchase program may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. Although the share repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term shareholder value, we cannot provide assurance that this will occur. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our financial condition and profitability, and we may take tax positions that the Internal Revenue Service or other tax authorities may contest. 
 We are subject to income taxes in both the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgments and estimates are required to be made in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. Changes in estimates of projected future operating results, loss of deductibility of items, recapture of prior deductions (including related to interest on convertible notes), limitations on our ability to utilize tax net operating losses in the future or changes in assumptions regarding our ability to generate future taxable income could result in significant increases to our tax expense and liabilities that could adversely affect our financial condition and profitability. 
 We have in the past and may in the future take tax positions that the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) or other U.S. or foreign tax authorities may contest. We are required by an IRS regulation to disclose particular tax positions to the IRS as part of our tax returns for that year and future years. If the IRS or other tax authorities successfully contests a tax position that we take, we may be required to pay additional taxes, interest or fines that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. We may face other legal or regulatory actions by U.S. or foreign tax authorities contesting our tax positions that may cause management distraction and require us to incur costs to respond regardless of their outcome. 
 The use of social and other digital media to disseminate false, misleading and/or unreliable or inaccurate data and information could create unwarranted volatility in our stock price and losses to our shareholders and could adversely affect our reputation, products, business, and operating results. 
 A substantial number of people are relying on social and other digital media to receive news, data, and information. Social and other digital media can be used by anyone to publish data and information without regard for factual accuracy. The use of social and other digital media to publish inaccurate, offensive, and disparaging data and information coupled with the frequent use of strong language and hostile expression, may influence the public s inability to distinguish between what is true and what is false and could obstruct an effective and timely response to correct inaccuracies or falsifications. Such use of social and other digital media could result in unexpected and unsubstantiated claims concerning our business in general or our products, our leadership or our reputation among customers and the public at large, thereby making it more difficult for us to compete effectively, and potentially having a material adverse effect on our business, operations, or financial condition. 
 
 25 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 Item 1C.	 CYBERSECURITY 
 Cybersecurity represents an important component of our overall approach to risk management. Our information security risk management (ISRM) policies, standards and practices are integrated into our overall enterprise risk management (ERM) approach, and cybersecurity risks are one of the business risks that are subject to oversight by our Board of Directors. Our ISRM policies, standards and practices follow industry trends, which align with frameworks established by the National Institute of Standards and Technology. We approach cybersecurity threats through a cross-functional approach which endeavors to: (i) identify, prevent and mitigate cybersecurity threats to us; (ii) preserve the confidentiality, security and availability of the information that we collect and store to use in our business; (iii) protect our intellectual property; (iv) maintain the confidence of our customers, clients and business partners; and (v) provide appropriate public disclosure of cybersecurity risks and incidents when required. 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 Our cybersecurity program focuses on the following areas: 
 Vigilance We maintain cybersecurity threat operations with the goal of proactively identifying, preventing and mitigating cybersecurity threats and responding to cybersecurity incidents in accordance with our established cybersecurity incident response procedure plan. We recognize that the sophistication of cyber-threats will continue to evolve as threat actors increase their use of artificial intelligence technologies. 

Systems Safeguards We implement layered systems safeguards to enable the protection of our information systems from cybersecurity threats. These safeguards include network security, vulnerability management, and threat detection. 

Collaboration We utilize collaboration mechanisms established with public and private entities, including intelligence and enforcement agencies, industry groups and third-party service providers, to identify, assess and respond to cybersecurity risks. 

Third-Party Risk Management We actively manage cybersecurity risks posed by third parties and their systems that could impact our operations. We monitor and assess the security posture of our third-party vendors. We require third-party service providers with access to sensitive information to maintain cybersecurity practices aligned with industry standards and applicable laws. In addition, we proactively monitor public information regarding our vendors for security incidents, investigate potential impacts, and take appropriate action to mitigate risk. 

Training We have implemented and maintain a comprehensive cybersecurity training program to educate personnel about evolving threats and reinforce security best practices. This program includes: 

i. Monthly phishing awareness campaigns with mandatory remedial training for those who fail. 

ii. Annual security and acceptable use awareness training. 

iii. Targeted training for high-risk groups such as finance and accounting, including phishing email response checks, to proactively mitigate threats like business email compromise. 

Incident Response and Recovery Planning We have established and maintain a cybersecurity incident response procedure plan that addresses our response to cybersecurity incidents and recovery from such incidents, and such plan is tested and evaluated periodically. 

Communication, Coordination and Disclosure We utilize a cross-functional approach to address the risk from cybersecurity threats, involving management personnel from our technology, operations, legal, 

26 

risk management and other key business functions, as well as the members of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, in an ongoing dialogue regarding cybersecurity threats and incidents, while also implementing controls and procedures for the escalation of cybersecurity incidents pursuant to established thresholds so that decisions regarding the disclosure and reporting of such incidents can be made by management in a timely manner. We have established an Incident Response Committee to quickly organize and execute an effective, productive, timely and compliance-conscious response to cybersecurity threats and incidents, as well as coordinate among the cross-functional groups. 

Governance The Board of Directors' oversight of cybersecurity risk management is supported by the Audit Committee, which regularly interacts with our experienced Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), the Incident Response Committee, which is chaired by our SVP Administration, and other members of management. 

We manage risks from cybersecurity threats through the assessment and testing of our processes and practices focused on evaluating the effectiveness of our cybersecurity measures. We engage third parties as appropriate to perform assessments of our cybersecurity measures. The results of such assessments and reviews are reported to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, and we adjust our cybersecurity policies, standards, processes and practices as necessary based on the information provided by the assessments, audits and reviews. We maintain cyber risk and related insurance policies as a measure of added protection. 
 Governance 
 The Board of Directors, in coordination with the Audit Committee, oversees the management of risks from cybersecurity threats, including the policies, standards, processes and practices that management implements to address risks from cybersecurity threats. The Audit Committee reviews cybersecurity on a quarterly basis. The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee each receive regular presentations and reports on cybersecurity risks, which address a wide range of topics including, for example, recent developments, evolving standards, vulnerability assessments, third-party reviews, the threat environment, technological trends and information security considerations arising with respect to our peers. The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee also receive prompt and timely information regarding any cybersecurity incident that meets established reporting thresholds, as well as ongoing updates regarding such incident until it has been addressed. On a regular basis, the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee discuss our approach to cybersecurity risk management with the CISO and other cyber team members, as well as senior leadership. 
 The CISO is principally responsible for overseeing our cybersecurity risk management program, in partnership with other business leaders across the Company. The CISO works in coordination with senior leadership, which includes our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Information Officer and Chief Legal Compliance Officer. The CISO has decades of experience in the cybersecurity and information security fields, including experience with both private and public companies and the military, as well as experience in the transportation and rail industry. In addition, the CISO has ISO 27001 Certification and completed W2CCA Cyber Combat Academy. 
 The CISO, in coordination with senior leadership, works collaboratively across the Company to implement a program designed to protect our information systems from cybersecurity threats and to promptly respond to any cybersecurity incidents. To facilitate the success of this program, multidisciplinary teams throughout the Company are deployed to address cybersecurity threats and to respond to cybersecurity incidents in accordance with our cybersecurity incident response procedure plan. Through the ongoing communications from these teams, the CISO and senior leadership monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents in real time, and report such incidents to the Audit Committee when appropriate. 
 To date, we have not experienced any risks from cybersecurity threats or incidents that have materially affected us or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 27 

Item 2. P ROPERTIES 
 We operate at the following primary facilities as of August 31, 2024: 

Description 
 Location 
 Status 

Manufacturing Segment 

Operating facilities: 
 4 locations in the U.S. 
 Owned 

3 locations in Mexico 
 Owned 2 locations Leased 1 location 

3 locations in Poland 
 Owned 

3 locations in Romania 
 Owned 

Administrative offices: 
 2 locations in the U.S. 
 Leased 

Maintenance Services Segment 

Operating facilities: 
 15 locations in the U.S. 
 Leased 8 locations Owned 7 locations 

Leasing Management Services Segment 

Corporate offices, railcar marketing and fleet management: 
 Lake Oswego, Oregon 
 Leased 

We believe that our facilities are in good condition and that the facilities, together with anticipated capital improvements and additions, are adequate to meet our operating needs for the foreseeable future. We continually evaluate our facilities in order to remain competitive and to take advantage of market opportunities. 
 Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 There is hereby incorporated by reference the information disclosed in Note 21 - Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Item 4. MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 28 

Information About Ou r Executive Officers 
 Current information regarding our executive officers is presented below. 
 Lorie L. Tekorius, 57, is Chief Executive Officer and President and serves on the Board of Directors. Ms. Tekorius has served as President since August 2019 and was promoted to Chief Executive Officer in March 2022. Ms. Tekorius was elected to the Board of Directors in March 2022. Ms. Tekorius has served in various management positions for the Company since 1995, most recently as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and prior to that, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
 Martin R. Baker, 68, is Senior Vice President, a position he has held since joining the Company in May 2008. From 2008 until January 2024, Mr. Baker also served as the Chief Legal Compliance Officer. Prior to Greenbrier, Mr. Baker served as General Counsel to Lattice Semiconductor Corporation, Altera Corporation and Vitelic Corporation. 
 Brian J. Comstock , 62, is Executive Vice President and President, The Americas, a position he has held since January 2024. Prior to this role, Mr. Comstock served as Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial and Leasing Officer since January 2021. Mr. Comstock has served in various management positions for the Company since 1998, most recently as Executive Vice President, Sales and Marketing. 
 Michael J. Donfris, 61, is Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and joined the Company in June 2024. Prior to Greenbrier, Mr. Donfris served as Chief Financial Officer for R.J. Corman Railroad Group since November 2020, Vice President Global Finance for Flowserve from 2018 to 2020, Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer for TrinityRail from 2015 to 2016, and has over 30 years of experience in other finance leadership roles. 
 Laurie Dornan, 54, is Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer, a position she has held since November 2020. Ms. Dornan has served in various human resources leadership positions since joining the Company in 2014. Prior to Greenbrier, she served in various leadership roles with Lattice Semiconductor Corporation, Nautilus, Inc. and Electro Scientific Industries. 
 Rick Galvan , 52, is Senior Vice President, Operations, Maintenance Services, a position he has held since January 2024. Prior to this role, Mr. Galvan served as the Senior Vice President of Operations for Greenbrier Rail Services since January 2021. Mr. Galvan has over 30 years of experience in the railroad industry serving in various management functions including positions at Canadian National Railway, Kansas City Southern, and Burlington Northern Santa Fe. 
 William Glenn , 63, is Senior Vice President and President, Europe, a position he has held since January 2024. Prior to this role, Mr. Glenn served as the Chair of the Management Board of Greenbrier Europe, managing operations in Poland and Romania. Mr. Glenn returned to the company in 2019 after serving as Chief Commercial Officer for Wells Fargo Rail from 2016 to 2019. Earlier Mr. Glenn worked in a range of roles at Greenbrier including sales, marketing and customer support, beginning in 2001. 
 William Krueger , 59, is Senior Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, The Americas, a position he has held since January 2024. Prior to this role, Mr. Krueger was Senior Vice President, President Greenbrier Manufacturing Operations (GMO) since September 2022 and was Senior Vice President GMO when he joined the Company in 2020. Prior to Greenbrier, Mr. Krueger held a number of operations roles in the automotive industry including positions at General Motors, Toyota, and Nissan. 
 Christian M. Lucky , 57, is Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary, a position he has held since January 2024. Mr. Lucky has served in various legal and management positions in the Company since 2015. 
 Matthew J. Meyer , 43, is Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Accounting Officer and joined the Company in February 2023. Prior to Greenbrier, Mr. Meyer was Chief Accounting Officer of Horizon Global Corporation from December 2019 to February 2023, and Corporate Controller from November 2018 to December 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Meyer has held various finance leadership roles. 
 Executive officers are designated by the Board of Directors. No director or executive officer has a family relationship with any other director or executive officer of the Company. 
 29 

PART II 
 Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STO CKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock has been traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol GBX since July 14, 1994. There were approximately 191 holders of record of common stock as of October 18, 2024. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The Board of Directors has authorized the Company to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock. The share repurchase program has an expiration date of January 31, 2025. The amount remaining for purchase was 45.1 million as of August 31, 2024. There were no share repurchases under this program during the three months ended August 31, 2024. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph demonstrates a comparison of cumulative total returns for the Company's Common Stock, the Dow Jones U.S. Industrial Transportation Index, the Standard Poor s (S P) 500 Index, and the S P SmallCap 600 Index. The S P SmallCap 600 is included as it is used in measuring the Company's relative total stockholder return for purposes of determining the performance of certain stock awards granted beginning in 2023. The graph assumes an investment of 100 on August 31, 2019 in each of the Company's Common Stock and the stocks comprising the indices. Each of the indices assumes that all dividends were reinvested and that the investment was maintained to and including August 31, 2024, the end of the Company s 2024 fiscal year. 
 30 

The comparisons in this table are required by the SEC, and therefore, are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our Common Stock. 
 
 Item 6. RESERVED 
 
 31 

Item 7.	MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Executive Summary 
 The financial results for 2024 reflect a successful year executing on our multi-year strategy outlined last year. The strategy has three basic tenets: 
 (1) Maintain our manufacturing leadership position across geographies; 

(2) Optimize our industrial footprint for efficiency and margin enhancement while addressing the needs of our customers; and 

(3) Increase our recurring revenue to reduce the impact of manufacturing cyclicality. 

Overall, demand in the marketplace remains steady for our products and services. We delivered strong results during the year, however, supply chain challenges, rail service congestion, inflation, high interest rates, labor shortages and foreign currency fluctuations continued to impact our business for the year ended August 31, 2024. Despite these challenges, we were able to deliver strong results and accomplish the following in 2024: 
 Achieved our second highest annual revenue in our company's history. 

Expanded our Margin as a percentage of Revenue from 11.2 in 2023 to 15.8 in 2024. 

Received new railcar orders for 21,700 units valued at approximately 2.8 billion. 

Increased our owned lease fleet by 2,100, representing a 15.7 increase from the prior year. 

Generated 330 million of Net cash provided by operating activities. 

We believe these results demonstrate the benefit of our continued focus on our strategic plan, and we remain focused on increasing recurring revenue, expanding our aggregate gross margin and raising our return on invested capital. Recurring revenue is defined as Leasing Management Services revenue excluding the impact of syndication transactions. 
 32 

Financial Highlights 
 Despite the challenging operating environment, we accomplished the following in 2024: 
 Margin as a percentage of Revenue improved by 4.6 to 15.8 for the year ended August 31, 2024. The increase from the prior year was driven by operating efficiencies and favorable product mix in our Manufacturing segment. 

Earnings from operations increased by 148.1 million or 84.0 compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily attributed to an increase in Margin in our Manufacturing and Leasing Management Services segments during the year ended August 31, 2024. The prior year also included 46.7 million in Asset impairment, disposal, and exit costs, net. 

Diluted Earnings per common share (EPS) increased by 162 to 4.96 for the year ended August 31, 2024. 

Net cash provided by operating activities increased 258.4 million compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily attributed to a change in Leased railcars for syndication and a 97.1 million increase in Net earnings for the year ended August 31, 2024. 

33 

Manufacturing Backlog 
 	 
 Our backlog remains strong at August 31, 2024 and includes a diverse portfolio of railcar types, highlighted by the following: 
 Our railcar backlog was 26,700 units with an estimated value of 3.4 billion as of August 31, 2024 with expected deliveries reaching 2026 and beyond. 

During 2024, we generated new railcar orders of 21,700 units valued at approximately 2.8 billion. 

Our backlog includes approximately 590 million of railcars intended for syndication which are supported by lease agreements with external customers and may be syndicated to third parties or held in our lease fleet depending on a variety of factors. Approximately 3 of backlog units and estimated value as of August 31, 2024 was associated with our Brazilian manufacturing operation which is accounted for under the equity method. 
 Our backlog of railcar units is not necessarily indicative of future results of operations. Certain orders in backlog are subject to customary documentation and completion of terms. Customers may attempt to cancel or modify orders in backlog. Historically, little variation has been experienced between the quantity ordered and the quantity actually delivered, though the timing of deliveries may be modified from time to time. 

34 

Financial Overview 
 
 Revenue, Cost of revenue, Margin and Earnings from operations (operating profit) presented below exclude intersegment activity that is eliminated in consolidation. 

Year Ended August 31, 

(In millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 2024 

2023 

Revenue: 

Manufacturing 

3,013.6 

3,357.7 

Maintenance Services 

298.8 

406.4 

Leasing Management Services 

232.3 

179.9 

3,544.7 

3,944.0 

Cost of revenue: 

Manufacturing 

2,648.9 

3,083.4 

Maintenance Services 

264.1 

364.0 

Leasing Management Services 

73.2 

55.5 

2,986.2 

3,502.9 

Margin: 

Manufacturing 

364.7 

274.3 

Maintenance Services 

34.7 

42.4 

Leasing Management Services 

159.1 

124.4 

558.5 

441.1 

Selling and administrative 

247.1 

235.3 

Net gain on disposition of equipment 

(13.1) 

(17.3) 

Asset impairment, disposal, and exit costs, net 

46.7 

Earnings from operations 

324.5 

176.4 

Interest and foreign exchange 

100.8 

85.4 

Earnings before income tax and earnings from unconsolidated affiliates 

223.7 

91.0 

Income tax expense 

(62.0) 

(24.6) 

Earnings before earnings from unconsolidated affiliates 

161.7 

66.4 

Earnings from unconsolidated affiliates 

11.0 

9.2 

Net earnings 

172.7 

75.6 

Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest 

(12.6) 

(13.1) 

Net earnings attributable to Greenbrier 

160.1 

62.5 

Diluted earnings per common share 

4.96 

1.89 

Performance for our reportable segments is evaluated based on operating profit. Corporate includes selling and administrative costs not directly related to goods and services and certain costs that are intertwined among segments due to our integrated business model. Management does not allocate Interest and foreign exchange or Income tax expense for either external or internal reporting purposes. 

Year Ended August 31, 

(In millions) 
 
 2024 

2023 

Operating profit (loss): 

Manufacturing 

281.6 

140.9 

Maintenance Services 

27.1 

36.9 

Leasing Management Services 

139.0 

103.3 

Corporate 

(123.2) 

(104.7) 

324.5 

176.4 

35 

Consolidated Results 

Year Ended August 31, 

2024 vs 2023 

(In millions) 
 
 2024 

2023 

Increase (Decrease) 

Change 

Revenue 

3,544.7 

3,944.0 

(399.3) 

(10.1) 

Cost of revenue 

2,986.2 

3,502.9 

(516.7) 

(14.8) 

Margin ) 

15.8 

11.2 

4.6 

Net earnings attributable to Greenbrier 

160.1 

62.5 

97.6 

156.2 

Not meaningful 
 
 Through our integrated business model, we provide a broad range of custom products and services in each of our reportable segments, which have various selling prices and margins. The demand for and mix of products and services delivered changes from period to period, which causes fluctuations in our financial results. 
 The 10.1 decrease in Revenue for the year ended August 31, 2024 as compared to the prior year was primarily due to a 10.2 decrease in Manufacturing Revenue. The decrease in Manufacturing Revenue was primarily attributed to a 10.4 decrease in deliveries. 
 The 14.8 decrease in Cost of revenue for the year ended August 31, 2024 as compared to the prior year was primarily due to a 14.1 decrease in Manufacturing Cost of revenue. The decrease in Manufacturing Cost of revenue was primarily attributed to a 10.4 decrease in deliveries during the year ended August 31, 2024. 
 Margin as a percentage of Revenue was 15.8 and 11.2 for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Margin as a percentage of Revenue was positively impacted by an increase in Manufacturing Margin percentage from 8.2 to 12.1 primarily attributed to operating efficiencies and favorable product mix during the year ended August 31, 2024. 
 
 The 97.6 million increase in Net earnings attributable to Greenbrier for the year ended August 31, 2024 as compared to the prior year was primarily due to the following: 
 117.4 million increase in Margin for the year ended August 31, 2024 primarily due to operating efficiencies and a favorable product mix within our Manufacturing segment and an increase in rents associated with a larger lease fleet and improved lease rates in our Leasing Management Services segment. 

46.7 million in Asset impairment, disposal and exit costs, net for the year ended August 31, 2023 primarily related to the sale and closure of our Gunderson Facility. 

These were partially offset by the following: 
 37.4 million increase in Income tax expense associated with higher pre-tax earnings during the year ended August 31, 2024. 

15.4 million increase in Interest and foreign exchange primarily attributed to an increase in interest expense from higher borrowings and interest rates for the year ended August 31, 2024. 

11.8 million increase in Selling and administrative expense was primarily attributed to an increase in employee related costs including higher long-term incentive compensation for the year ended August 31, 2024. 

For discussion related to the results of operations and changes in financial condition for 2023 compared to 2022 refer to Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2023 Form 10-K, which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on October 25, 2023. 
 
 36 

Manufacturing Segment 

Year Ended August 31, 
 2024 vs 2023 

(In millions, except deliveries) 
 
 2024 

2023 

Increase (Decrease) 

Change 

Revenue 

3,013.6 

3,357.7 

(344.1) 

(10.2) 

Cost of revenue 

2,648.9 

3,083.4 

(434.5) 

(14.1) 

Margin ) 

12.1 

8.2 

3.9 

Operating profit ) 

281.6 

140.9 

140.7 

99.9 

Operating profit ) 

9.3 

4.2 

5.1 

Deliveries 

22,300 

24,900 

(2,600) 

(10.4) 

Not meaningful 
 Our Manufacturing segment primarily generates revenue from manufacturing a wide range of railcars and from the conversion of existing or in-service railcars through our facilities in North America and Europe. 
 Manufacturing Revenue decreased 344.1 million or 10.2 for the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to the prior year. The decrease in Revenue was primarily attributed to a 10.4 decrease in deliveries during the year ended August 31, 2024. 
 Manufacturing Cost of revenue decreased 434.5 million or 14.1 for the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to the prior year. The decrease in Cost of revenue was primarily attributed to a 10.4 decrease in the volume of deliveries and favorable product mix during the year ended August 31, 2024. 
 Manufacturing Margin as a percentage of Revenue increased 3.9 for the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to the prior year. The increase in Margin percentage was primarily attributed to operating efficiencies and favorable product mix during the year ended August 31, 2024. 
 Manufacturing Operating profit increased 140.7 million or 99.9 for the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to the prior year. The increase in Operating profit was primarily attributed to an increase in Margin during the year ended August 31, 2024 as well as the prior year including 46.7 million of charges related to the sale and closure of our Gunderson Facility during the year ended August 31, 2023. 
 
 37 

Maintenance Services Segment 

Year Ended August 31, 

2024 vs 2023 

(In millions) 
 
 2024 

2023 

Increase (Decrease) 

Change 

Revenue 

298.8 

406.4 

(107.6) 

(26.5) 

Cost of revenue 

264.1 

364.0 

(99.9) 

(27.4) 

Margin ) 

11.6 

10.4 

1.2 

Operating profit ) 

27.1 

36.9 

(9.8) 

(26.6) 

Operating profit ) 

9.1 

9.1 

-- 

Not meaningful 
 Our Maintenance Services segment primarily generates revenue from railcar component manufacturing and servicing, providing railcar maintenance services and scrapping wheels and other components. 
 Maintenance Services Revenue decreased 107.6 million or 26.5 for the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to the prior year. The decrease was primarily attributed to 11.6 lower volumes in our wheels business due to lower demand, a change in product mix and a 9.1 million decrease due to lower scrap metal volume and pricing. 
 Maintenance Services Cost of revenue decreased 99.9 million or 27.4 for the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to operating at lower volumes and a change in product mix during the year ended August 31, 2024. 
 Maintenance Services Margin as a percentage of Revenue increased 1.2 for the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to the prior year. The increase in Margin percentage was primarily attributed to a favorable change in product mix during the year ended August 31, 2024. This was partially offset by a decrease in scrap metal pricing during the year ended August 31, 2024. 
 Maintenance Services Operating profit decreased 9.8 million or 26.6 for the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to the prior year. The decrease in Operating profit was primarily attributed to operating at lower volumes and a decrease in scrap metal pricing and volume during the year ended August 31, 2024. 
 
 38 

Leasing Management Services Segment 

Year Ended August 31, 
 2024 vs 2023 

(In millions) 
 
 2024 

2023 

Increase (Decrease) 

Change 

Revenue 

232.3 

179.9 

52.4 

29.1 

Cost of revenue 

73.2 

55.5 

17.7 

31.9 

Margin ) 

68.5 

69.1 

(0.6) 

Operating profit ) 

139.0 

103.3 

35.7 

34.6 

Operating profit ) 

59.8 

57.4 

2.4 

Not meaningful 
 
 Our Leasing Management Services segment generates revenue from leasing railcars from our lease fleet, providing various management services, syndication revenue associated with leases attached to new railcar sales, interim rent on leased railcars for syndication and the sale of railcars purchased from third parties with the intent to resell. 
 Leasing Management Services Revenue increased 52.4 million or 29.1 for the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily attributed to an increase of 19.7 million in rents associated with a larger lease fleet and higher lease rates, an 8.9 million increase in the sale of railcars which were purchased from third parties with the intent to resell and a 9.7 million increase in interim rent on leased railcars for syndication during the year ended August 31, 2024. 
 Leasing Management Services Cost of revenue increased 17.7 million or 31.9 for the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to higher costs from an increase in the volume of railcars sold that we purchased from third parties and a larger lease fleet during the year ended August 31, 2024. 
 Leasing Management Services Margin as a percentage of Revenue decreased 0.6 for the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to the prior year. Margin as a percentage of Revenue for the year ended August 31, 2024 was negatively impacted by higher sales of railcars that were purchased from third parties which have lower margin percentages. 
 Leasing Management Services Operating profit increased 35.7 million or 34.6 for the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily attributed to higher rents from a larger lease fleet and improved lease rates during the year ended August 31, 2024. 
 
 39 

Selling and Administrative 

Year Ended August 31, 
 2024 vs 2023 

(In millions) 
 
 2024 

2023 

Increase (Decrease) 

Change 

Selling and administrative 

247.1 

235.3 

11.8 

5.0 

Selling and administrative expense was 247.1 million or 7.0 of Revenue for the year ended August 31, 2024 and 235.3 million or 6.0 of Revenue for the year ended August 31, 2023. 
 
 The 11.8 million increase was primarily attributed to an increase in employee related costs including higher long-term incentive compensation during the year ended August 31, 2024. 
 Net Gain on Disposition of Equipment 
 Net gain on disposition of equipment typically includes the sale of assets from our lease fleet (Equipment on operating leases, net) and disposition of property, plant and equipment. Assets are periodically sold in the normal course of business in order to optimize our lease fleet and to manage risk and liquidity. 
 Net gain on disposition of equipment was 13.1 million and 17.3 million for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in Net gain on disposition of equipment was primarily attributed to fewer sales of assets from our lease fleet during the year ended August 31, 2024. 
 Asset Impairment, Disposal and Exit Costs, Net 
 Asset impairment, disposal, and exit costs, net was 46.7 million for the year ended August 31, 2023 related to charges associated with the Gunderson Facility and divestiture of Southwest Steel, partially offset by a gain on disposal of majority interest in the Rayvag joint venture. 
 Interest and Foreign Exchange 
 Interest and foreign exchange expense was composed of the following: 

Year Ended August 31, 

Increase (Decrease) 

(In millions) 
 
 2024 

2023 

2024 vs 2023 

Interest and foreign exchange: 

Interest and other expense 

93.8 

79.2 

14.6 

Foreign exchange loss, net 

7.0 

6.2 

0.8 

100.8 

85.4 

15.4 

The 15.4 million increase in Interest and foreign exchange expense during the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to the prior year was primarily attributed to an increase in interest expense from higher borrowings and interest rates. 
 
 40 

Income Tax 	 
 In 2024 our Income tax expense was 62.0 million on 223.7 million of pre-tax earnings for an effective tax rate of 27.7 . The rate was higher than the U.S statutory tax rate primarily due to the geographic mix of earnings, nondeductible expenses, increased valuation allowance, and U.S. taxes on profits in foreign jurisdictions, offset by a benefit for additional U.S. foreign tax credits carried forward to future periods. 
 In 2023 our income tax expense was 24.6 million on 91.0 million of pre-tax earnings for an effective tax rate of 27.0 . The rate was higher than the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to the geographic mix of earnings and U.S. taxes on profits in foreign jurisdictions, offset by net favorable impacts related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates for our U.S. Dollar denominated foreign operations. 
 The effective tax rate can fluctuate year-to-year due to discrete items and changes in the mix of foreign and domestic pre-tax earnings. It can also fluctuate with changes in the proportion of pre-tax earnings attributable to our Mexican railcar manufacturing joint venture. The joint venture is treated as a partnership for tax purposes and, as a result, the partnership s entire pre-tax earnings are included in Earnings before income taxes and earnings from unconsolidated affiliates, whereas only our 50 share of the tax is included in Income tax expense. 
 The EU Member States have formally adopted the Pillar Two Directive, which generally provides for a minimum effective tax rate of 15 , as established by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Pillar Two Framework. The OECD Pillar Two Framework must be adopted by each respective country into their tax laws, which are effective for us beginning on September 1, 2024. We continue to closely monitor additional guidance from the OECD and analyze potential impacts these law changes may have, however we do not expect a material change to our effective tax rate. 
 Earnings From Unconsolidated Affiliates 
 Through unconsolidated affiliates we produce rail and industrial components and have an ownership stake in a railcar manufacturer in Brazil. We record the results from these unconsolidated affiliates on an after-tax basis. 
 Earnings from unconsolidated affiliates were 11.0 million and 9.2 million for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase was primarily related to 5.2 million in higher earnings at our Brazil operations during the year ended August 31, 2024. This was partially offset by 4.5 million in lower earnings related to a temporarily idle facility during the year ended August 31, 2024. 
 Net Earnings Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest 
 Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest were 12.6 million and 13.1 million for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest primarily represents our joint venture partner's share in the results of operations of our Mexican railcar manufacturing joint ventures, adjusted for intercompany sales, and our European partner s share of the results of our European operations. 
 
 41 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Year Ended August 31, 

(In millions) 
 
 2024 

2023 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

329.6 

71.2 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(320.4) 

(280.0) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

86.2 

(76.2) 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

(29.5) 

28.6 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

65.9 

(256.4) 

We continue to be financed through cash generated from operations and borrowings. At August 31, 2024 Cash and cash equivalents and Restricted cash were 368.6 million, an increase of 65.9 million from 302.7 million at the prior year end. 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities 
 
 The 258.4 million increase in cash from operating activities for the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to the year ended August 31, 2023 was primarily due to a change in Leased railcars for syndication and a 97.1 million increase in Net earnings. 
 
 Cash Flows From Investing Activities 
 
 Cash used in investing activities primarily related to capital expenditures net of proceeds from the sale of assets and investment activity with our unconsolidated affiliates. The 40.4 million increase in cash used in investing activities for the year ended August 31, 2024 was primarily attributable to a 36.2 million increase in capital expenditures compared to the year ended August 31, 2023. 

Year Ended August 31, 

(In millions) 
 
 2024 

2023 

Capital expenditures: 

Leasing Management Services 

(277.0) 

(272.9) 

Manufacturing 

(102.8) 

(71.9) 

Maintenance Services 

(18.5) 

(17.3) 

Total capital expenditures (gross) 

(398.3) 

(362.1) 

Proceeds from sales of assets 

75.0 

78.8 

Total capital expenditures (net of proceeds) 

(323.3) 

(283.3) 

Capital expenditures primarily relate to additions to our lease fleet and on-going investments in the safety, productivity and improvements of our facilities. Proceeds from the sale of assets primarily relate to sales of railcars from our lease fleet within Leasing Management Services. Assets from our lease fleet are periodically sold in the normal course of business to accommodate customer demand and to manage risk and liquidity. Proceeds from sales of assets are expected to be approximately 90 million for 2025. 
 Gross capital expenditures for 2025 are expected to be approximately 360 million for Leasing Management Services, approximately 110 million for Manufacturing and approximately 10 million for Maintenance Services. Capital expenditures for 2025 primarily relate to additions to our lease fleet reflecting our leasing strategy and continued investments into the safety and productivity of our facilities. 
 
 Cash Flows From Financing Activities 
 
 The 162.4 million increase in cash flow from financing activities for the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to the year ended August 31, 2023 was primarily attributed to a 57.4 million increase in net proceeds from revolving notes, 52.8 million higher proceeds from the issuance of notes payable, net of repayments and a 55.6 million reduction in the repurchase of stock compared to the prior year. 
 
 During the year ended August 31, 2024 we issued 178.5 million of asset backed securities and used proceeds to pay down 139.9 million of our GBX Leasing warehouse facility. We also borrowed 196.6 million on the GBX Leasing 
 42 

warehouse facility to grow the lease fleet. In February 2024, we paid 47.7 million to retire our 2024 Convertible Notes. 
 Dividend Share Repurchase Program 
 
 A quarterly dividend of 0.30 per share was declared on October 16, 2024. 
 The Board of Directors has authorized our company to repurchase in aggregate up to 100.0 million of our common stock. The program may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time without prior notice and currently has an expiration date of January 31, 2025. Under the share repurchase program, shares of common stock may be purchased from time to time on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The timing and amount of purchases is based upon market conditions, securities law limitations and other factors. The program may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time without prior notice. The share repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares in any period. 
 During the year ended August 31, 2024, we purchased a total of 38 thousand shares for 1.3 million. During the year ended August 31, 2023, we purchased a total of 1.9 million shares for 56.9 million, of which 1.8 million shares for 53.6 million were purchased under the current authorization of the share repurchase program. As of August 31, 2024, the amount remaining for repurchase under the share repurchase program was 45.1 million. 
 Cash, Borrowing Availability and Credit Facilities 
 Our current cash balance is part of our strategy to maintain strong liquidity to respond to current uncertainties. As of August 31, 2024, we had 351.8 million in Cash and cash equivalents and 345.9 million in available borrowings. The available balance to draw under committed credit facilities includes 258.3 million on the North American credit facility, 31.6 million on the European credit facilities and 56.0 million on the Mexican credit facilities. 
 Our senior secured credit facilities, consisting of four components, aggregated to 1.4 billion as of August 31, 2024. 
 Nonrecourse Credit Facilities 
 GBX Leasing As of August 31, 2024, a 550.0 million nonrecourse warehouse credit facility existed to support the operations of GBX Leasing. Advances under the facility are secured by a pool of leased railcars and bear interest at the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus 1.85 plus 0.11 as a SOFR adjustment. As of August 31, 2024, interest rate swap agreements cover 74 of the outstanding balance to swap the floating interest rate to a fixed rate. The warehouse credit facility was amended in September 2024 to reduce the size of the credit facility by 100.0 million to 450.0 million and to extend the maturity date from August 2027 to September 2029. The warehouse credit facility currently converts to a term loan in September 2027. 
 Other Credit Facilities 
 North America As of August 31, 2024, a 600.0 million revolving line of credit existed to provide working capital and interim financing of equipment, principally for our U.S. and Mexican operations. The North America credit facility is secured by substantially all our U.S. assets not otherwise pledged as security for term loans, the warehouse credit facility or the railcar asset-backed securities. Available borrowings are generally based on defined levels of eligible inventory, receivables, property, plant and equipment and leased equipment, as well as total debt to consolidated capitalization and fixed charges coverage ratios. Advances bear interest at SOFR plus 1.50 plus 0.10 as a SOFR adjustment or Prime plus 0.50 depending on the type of borrowing. The North America credit facility matures in August 2026. 
 Europe As of August 31, 2024, lines of credit totaling 78.2 million, secured by certain of our European assets, were available for working capital needs of our European manufacturing operations. The European lines of credit include 33.1 million which are guaranteed by us. The European credit facilities have variable rates that range from Warsaw Interbank Offered Rate (WIBOR) plus 1.10 to WIBOR plus 1.45 and Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) plus 1.90 . The European credit facilities are regularly renewed and currently have maturities that range from October 2024 through September 2026. 
 43 

Mexico As of August 31, 2024, our Mexican railcar manufacturing operations had lines of credit totaling 166.0 million for working capital needs, 66.0 million of which we and our joint venture partner have each guaranteed 50 . Advances under these facilities bear interest at variable rates that range from SOFR plus 2.22 to SOFR plus 4.25 . The Mexican credit facilities have maturities that range from February 2025 through January 2027. 

As of August 31, 

(In millions) 
 
 2024 

2023 

Nonrecourse credit facility balances: 

GBX Leasing 

194.9 

139.9 

Other credit facility balances: 

North America 

Europe 

46.7 

47.2 

Mexico 

110.0 

110.0 

Total Revolving notes 

351.6 

297.1 

Outstanding commitments under the North American credit facility included letters of credit which totaled 5.9 million and 4.9 million as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Other Information 
 
 The revolving and operating lines of credit, along with notes payable, contain covenants with respect to us and our various subsidiaries, the most restrictive of which, among other things, limit our ability to: incur additional indebtedness or guarantees; pay dividends or repurchase stock; enter into financing leases; create liens; sell assets; engage in transactions with affiliates, including joint ventures and non U.S. subsidiaries, including but not limited to loans, advances, equity investments and guarantees; enter into mergers, consolidations or sales of substantially all our assets; and enter into new lines of business. The covenants also require certain maximum ratios of debt to total capitalization and minimum levels of fixed charges (interest plus rent) coverage. As of August 31, 2024, we were in compliance with all such restrictive covenants. 
 From time to time, we may seek to repurchase or otherwise retire or exchange securities, including outstanding convertible notes, borrowings and equity securities, and take other steps to reduce our debt, extend the maturities of our debt or otherwise improve our balance sheet. These actions may include open market repurchases, unsolicited or solicited privately negotiated transactions or other retirements, repurchases or exchanges. Such retirements, repurchases or exchanges of one note or security for another note or security (now or hereafter existing), if any, will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, prevailing market conditions, trading levels of our debt, our liquidity requirements and contractual restrictions, if applicable. The amounts involved in any such transactions may, individually or in the aggregate, be material and may involve all or a portion of a particular series of notes or other indebtedness which may reduce the float and impact the trading market of notes or other indebtedness which remain outstanding. 
 We have global operations that conduct business in their local currencies as well as other currencies. To mitigate the exposure to transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of each entity, we enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts with established financial institutions to protect the revenue or margin on a portion of forecasted foreign currency sales and expenses. Given the strong credit standing of the counterparties, no provision has been made for credit loss due to counterparty non-performance. 
 To mitigate the exposure to changes in interest rates, we have managed a portion of our variable rate debt with interest rate swap agreements, effectively converting 653.1 million of variable rate debt to fixed rate debt as of August 31, 2024. 
 We expect existing funds and cash generated from operations, together with proceeds from financing activities including borrowings under existing credit facilities and long-term financings, to be sufficient to fund expected debt repayments, working capital needs, planned capital expenditures, additional investments in our unconsolidated affiliates and dividends during the next twelve months. 
 44 

The following table shows our estimated future contractual cash obligations as of August 31, 2024: 

Year Ended August 31, 

(In millions) 
 
 Total 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Notes payable 1 

1,420.9 

42.8 

265.5 

312.4 

389.2 

14.6 

396.4 

Interest 2 

437.1 

70.9 

65.2 

50.6 

29.2 

17.9 

203.3 

Railcar operating leases 

72.9 

14.6 

13.5 

10.7 

9.8 

8.0 

16.3 

Revolving notes 

351.6 

154.4 

2.3 

194.9 

2,282.5 

282.7 

346.5 

568.6 

428.2 

40.5 

616.0 

1 The repayment of the 373.8 million of 2028 Convertible Notes due April 2028 is assumed to occur at the scheduled maturity instead of assuming an earlier conversion by the holders. 
 2 A portion of the estimated future cash obligation relates to interest on variable rate borrowings. Amounts are based on interest rates as of August 31, 2024. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not currently have off balance sheet arrangements that have or are likely to have a material current or future effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires judgment on the part of management to arrive at estimates and assumptions on matters that are inherently uncertain. These estimates may affect the amount of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities within the financial statements. Estimates and assumptions are periodically evaluated and may be adjusted in future periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Impairment of long-lived assets - We review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. When such events or changes in circumstances occur, a recoverability test is performed based upon estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to be realized over the remaining useful life of the asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment would be measured as the difference between the fair value of the asset group and the carrying amount of the asset group. 
 An asset group is generally established by identifying the lowest level of cash flows generated by a group of assets that are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets. Determining whether a long-lived asset is impaired requires various estimates and assumptions, including whether a triggering event has occurred, the identification of asset groups, and the determination of the fair value of real and personal property. Estimates of future cash flows are by nature highly uncertain and contemplate factors that may change over time. For further information, see Note 4 - Divestitures to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Goodwill - We evaluate goodwill for possible impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of our reporting units exceed their fair value. We test goodwill for impairment by either performing a qualitative or quantitative assessment. When we perform a qualitative assessment, we analyze macroeconomic and industry conditions, financial performance, and cost estimates associated with a particular reporting unit. This assessment requires subjectivity based on cumulative information available at the assessment date. If a qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its respective fair value, a quantitative assessment is performed. We performed a qualitative assessment for our annual goodwill impairment test during the third quarter of 2024 and determined that it was more likely than not that the fair values of all reporting units with goodwill exceeded their carrying values; therefore, we concluded that goodwill was not impaired. 
 When we perform a quantitative assessment, we exercise judgment to develop estimates of the fair values of our reporting units based on a weighting of income and market approaches. Under the income approach, we calculate the fair value of a reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash flows which incorporates forecasted revenues, long-term growth rate, gross margin percentages, operating expenses, and the use of discount rates. Under 
 45 

the market approach, we estimate the fair value based on observed market multiples for comparable businesses. If the fair value of a reporting unit is lower than its carrying value, an impairment to goodwill is recorded, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill in the reporting unit. In 2023, we performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test and determined that the estimated fair values of all reporting units with goodwill exceeded their carrying values. 
 We make certain estimates and assumptions to determine our reporting units and whether the fair value of each reporting unit is greater than its respective carrying value. The above highlighted judgments contemplated estimates and effects of macroeconomic trends that are inherently uncertain. Changes in these estimates, which may include the effects of inflation and policy reactions thereto, increases in pricing of materials and components, changes in demand, or potential macroeconomic events may cause future assessment conclusions to differ. For further information, see Note 7 - Goodwill to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Income taxes - The asset and liability method is used to account for income taxes. We are required to estimate the timing of the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities, make assumptions about the future deductibility of deferred tax assets and assess deferred tax liabilities based on enacted law and tax rates for each tax jurisdiction to determine the amount of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred income taxes are provided for the temporary effects of differences between assets and liabilities recognized for financial statement and income tax reporting purposes. Valuation allowances reduce deferred tax assets to an amount that will more likely than not be realized. We recognize a tax benefit from uncertain tax positions in the financial statements only when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by relevant tax authorities. 
 Our annual tax rate is based on our income, statutory tax rates, and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Judgment is required in determining our tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions, as tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by taxpayers and government taxing authorities. Our income tax rate is affected by the tax rates that apply to our foreign earnings and could be adversely impacted by higher or lower earnings than anticipated in a particular jurisdiction. In addition to local country tax laws and regulations, our income tax rate depends on the extent that our foreign earnings are taxed by the U.S. through provisions such as the global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI) tax and base erosion and anti-abuse tax (BEAT). We review our deferred tax assets and tax positions quarterly and adjust the balances as new information becomes available. For further information regarding income taxes, see Note 17 - Income Taxes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Environmental costs - At times we may be involved in various proceedings related to environmental matters. We estimate future costs for known environmental remediation requirements and accrue for them when it is probable that we have incurred a liability and the related costs can be reasonably estimated based on currently available information. Adjustments to these liabilities are made when additional information becomes available that affects the estimated costs to study or remediate any environmental issues or when expenditures for which reserves are established are made. 
 Judgments used in determining if a liability is estimable are subjective and based on known facts and our historic experience. If further developments in or resolution of an environmental matter result in facts and circumstances that differ from those assumptions used to develop these reserves, the accrual for environmental remediation could be materially misstated. Due to the uncertain nature of environmental matters, there can be no assurance that we will not become involved in future litigation or other proceedings or, if we were found to be responsible or liable in any litigation or proceeding, that such costs would not be material to us. For further information regarding our environmental costs, see Note 21 - Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 46 

Item 7A.	QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 We have global operations that conduct business in their local currencies as well as other currencies. To mitigate the exposure to transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of each entity, we enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to protect revenue or margin on a portion of forecasted foreign currency sales and expenses. At August 31, 2024 exchange rates, notional amounts of forward exchange contracts for the purchase of Polish Zlotys and the sale of Euros aggregated to 143.9 million. Because of the variety of currencies in which purchases and sales are transacted and the interaction between currency rates, it is not possible to predict the impact of a movement in a single foreign currency exchange rate would have on future operating results. 
 In addition to exposure to transaction gains or losses, we are also exposed to foreign currency exchange risk related to the net asset position of our foreign subsidiaries. At August 31, 2024, net assets of foreign subsidiaries aggregated to 164.7 million and a 10 strengthening of the U.S. Dollar relative to the foreign currencies would result in a decrease in equity of 16.5 million, or 1.2 of Total equity - Greenbrier. This calculation assumes that each exchange rate would change in the same direction relative to the U.S. Dollar. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We have managed a portion of our variable rate debt with interest rate swap agreements, effectively converting 653.1 million of variable rate debt to fixed rate debt. Notwithstanding these interest rate swap agreements, we are still exposed to interest rate risk relating to our revolving debt and a portion of term debt, which are at variable rates. At August 31, 2024, 84 of our outstanding debt had fixed rates and 16 had variable rates. At August 31, 2024, a uniform 10 increase in variable interest rates would result in approximately 1.4 million of additional annual interest expense. 

47 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors The Greenbrier Companies, Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended August 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended August 31, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated October 24, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Sufficiency of audit evidence within the North American manufacturing businesses 
 As discussed in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures, a material weakness was identified as of August 31, 2023 that was remediated during fiscal year 2024. The description of the material weakness stated that the Company did not effectively design and maintain controls over information technology (IT) general controls in one IT environment in its primary North America manufacturing businesses that are relevant to the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company did not (i) maintain change management controls to ensure 
 48 

configuration data changes affecting the IT application were appropriate (ii) design and maintain program development controls to ensure the data migration, program testing and approval of new software development is aligned with business and IT requirements and (iii) maintain user access controls to ensure segregation of duties in the Company s financial application. The control deficiencies resulted from incomplete risk assessment, inadequate training of personnel and ineffective control activities related primarily to the implementation of a new ERP system in the Company s primary North America manufacturing businesses. As a result, during the period of fiscal year 2024 in which the material weakness remained unremediated, process level automated controls that are dependent on the affected IT environment and manual controls that rely on system-generated data or reports from the affected IT environment were ineffective because they could have been adversely impacted. 
 We identified the evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence over the Company s primary North American manufacturing businesses as a critical audit matter. Evaluating the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained required especially subjective auditor judgment because of the pervasiveness of the material weakness noted above. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We applied auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed over the Company s primary North American manufacturing businesses including evaluating our scoping thresholds and control risk assessments considering the material weakness noted above. For relevant financial statement account balances at the North America manufacturing businesses, we: 
 increased the number of sample selections compared to what we would have otherwise made if the Company s controls were designed and operating effectively for the full fiscal year 

tested the underlying records of selected transaction data obtained from the impacted information technology system to support the use of the information in the conduct of the audit 

inspected supporting documentation and evidence of authorization for a selection of manual and automated journal entries. 

We evaluated the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained by assessing the results of procedures performed, including the appropriateness of the nature and extent of such evidence. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2011. 
 Portland, Oregon October 24, 2024 
 
 49 

Item 8.	FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 As of August 31, 

(In millions, except number of shares which are reflected in thousands) 
 
 2024 

2023 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Income tax receivable 

Inventories 

Leased railcars for syndication 

Equipment on operating leases, net 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Investment in unconsolidated affiliates 

Intangibles and other assets, net 

Goodwill 

Liabilities and Equity 

Revolving notes 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred income taxes 

Deferred revenue 

Notes payable, net 

Commitments and contingencies (Notes 20 21) 

Contingently redeemable noncontrolling interest 

Equity 

Greenbrier 

Preferred stock - without par value; shares authorized; outstanding 

Common stock - without par value; shares authorized; and outstanding at August 31, 2024 and 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total equity - Greenbrier 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 50 

Consolidated Stat ements of Income 
 Years ended August 31, 

(In millions, except number of shares which are reflected in thousands and per share amounts) 
 
 2024 

2023 

2022 

Revenue 

Manufacturing 

Maintenance Services 

Leasing Management Services 

Cost of revenue 

Manufacturing 

Maintenance Services 

Leasing Management Services 

Margin 

Selling and administrative 

Net gain on disposition of equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Asset impairment, disposal, and exit costs, net 

Earnings from operations 

Interest and foreign exchange 

Earnings before income tax and earnings from unconsolidated affiliates 

Income tax expense 

() 

() 

() 

Earnings before earnings from unconsolidated affiliates 

Earnings from unconsolidated affiliates 

Net earnings 

Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

() 

Net earnings attributable to Greenbrier 

Basic earnings per common share 

Diluted earnings per common share 

Weighted average common shares 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 51 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years ended August 31, 

(In millions) 
 
 2024 

2023 

2022 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Reclassification of derivative financial instruments recognized in net earnings 1 

() 

() 

Unrealized gain on derivative financial instruments 2 

Other (net of tax effect) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income 

Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income attributable to Greenbrier 

1 million , million and million for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 , respectively. 
 2 million , million and million for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 , respectively. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 52 

Consolidated Stat ements of Equity 

Attributable to Greenbrier 

(In millions) 
 
 Common Stock Shares 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Retained Earnings 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

Total Equity - Greenbrier 

Noncontrolling Interest 

Total Equity 

Contingently Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest 

Balance August 31, 2021 

() 

Cumulative effect adjustment due to adoption of ASU 2020-06 (See Note 2) 

() 

() 

() 

Net earnings 

() 

Other comprehensive loss, net 

() 

() 

() 

Noncontrolling interest adjustments 

() 

() 

Joint venture partner distribution declared 

() 

() 

Restricted stock awards (net of cancellations) 

Unamortized restricted stock 

() 

() 

() 

Stock based compensation expense 

Cash dividends per share) 

() 

() 

() 

Balance August 31, 2022 

() 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive income, net 

Noncontrolling interest adjustments 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Joint venture partner distribution declared 

() 

() 

Restricted stock awards (net of cancellations) 

Unamortized restricted stock 

() 

() 

() 

Stock based compensation expense 

Repurchase of stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Cash dividends per share) 

() 

() 

() 

Balance August 31, 2023 

() 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive loss, net 

() 

() 

() 

Noncontrolling interest adjustments 

() 

Joint venture partner distribution declared 

() 

() 

Restricted stock awards (net of cancellations) 

Unamortized restricted stock 

() 

() 

() 

Stock based compensation expense 

Repurchase of stock 

() 

() 

() 

Cash dividends per share) 

() 

() 

() 

Balance August 31, 2024 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 53 

Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 
 Years ended August 31, 

(In millions) 
 
 2024 

2023 

2022 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Deferred income taxes 

Depreciation and amortization 

Net gain on disposition of equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Stock based compensation expense 

Asset impairment, disposal, and exit costs, net 

Noncontrolling interest adjustments 

Other 

Decrease (increase) in assets: 

Accounts receivable, net 

() 

() 

Income tax receivable 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

Leased railcars for syndication 

() 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Proceeds from sales of assets 

Capital expenditures 

() 

() 

() 

Investment in and advances to unconsolidated affiliates 

() 

() 

Cash distribution from unconsolidated affiliates and other 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Net changes in revolving notes with maturities of 90 days or less 

() 

() 

Proceeds from revolving notes with maturities longer than 90 days 

Repayments of revolving notes with maturities longer than 90 days 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of notes payable 

Repayments of notes payable 

() 

() 

() 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase of stock 

() 

() 

Dividends 

() 

() 

() 

Cash distribution to joint venture partner 

() 

() 

() 

Tax payments for net share settlement of restricted stock 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

() 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Beginning of period 

End of period 

Balance Sheet Reconciliation 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash as presented above 

Cash (received) paid during the period for 

Interest 

Income taxes, net 

() 

Non-cash activity 

Transfer from Leased railcars for syndication and Inventories to Equipment on operating leases, net 

() 

() 

() 

Capital expenditures accrued in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Transfer from Property, plant and equipment, net to Intangibles and other assets, net for assets moved to Assets held for sale 

Change in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities associated with dividends declared 

() 

() 

Change in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities associated with cash distributions to joint venture partner 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements . 
 54 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 reportable segments: Manufacturing; Maintenance Services; and Leasing Management Services. The segments support the Company's integrated business model. The Manufacturing segment, which currently operates from facilities in the U.S., Mexico, Poland and Romania, produces double-stack intermodal railcars, tank cars, freight railcars, and automotive railcar products. The Maintenance Services segment performs wheel and axle servicing, railcar maintenance services and produces a variety of component parts for the rail industry in North America. The Leasing Management Services segment owns approximately railcars as of August 31, 2024. The Company also provides management services for railroads, shippers, carriers, institutional investors and other leasing and transportation companies in North America. Through unconsolidated affiliates the Company produces rail and industrial components and has an ownership stake in a railcar manufacturer in Brazil . 

million and million as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

As of August 31, 

(In millions) 
 
 2024 

2023 

2022 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Balance at beginning of period 

Additions, net of reversals 

Usage 

() 

() 

() 

Currency translation effect 

() 

Balance at end of period 

55 

. Management periodically reviews useful lives and salvage value estimates based on current scrap prices and what the Company expects to receive upon disposal. 
 interest in Greenbrier-Maxion, interest in Amsted-Maxion Cruzeiro (which owns of Greenbrier-Maxion) and interest in Axis. The Company does not consolidate Greenbrier-Maxion for financial reporting purposes and accounts for its interest under the equity method of accounting as the entity's governance provisions require that all significant decisions of Greenbrier-Maxion are subject to shared consent of its shareholders. 
 - 

Machinery and equipment 
 
 - 

Other 
 
 - 

. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized and are periodically evaluated for impairment. Other assets include operating lease right-of-use (ROU) assets, nonqualified savings plan investments, and revolving note fees which are capitalized and amortized as interest expense over the life of the related borrowings. Under the short term lease recognition exemption, the Company does not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities for qualifying leases with terms of less than twelve months. The Company does not separate lease and non-lease components. 
 million as impairment of long-lived assets for the year ended August 31, 2023. impairment of long-lived assets was recorded in the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2022 . See Note 4 - Divestitures to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

56 

impairment of goodwill was recorded in the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 . See Note 7 - Goodwill to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

interest in the joint venture. The financial results of this operation are consolidated for financial reporting purposes as the Company maintains a controlling interest as evidenced by the right to appoint the majority of the Board of Directors, control over accounting, financing, marketing and engineering and approval and design of products. The noncontrolling interest related to the partner s interest in the joint venture is included in Noncontrolling interest in the equity section of the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. Greenbrier-Astra Rail B.V. was formed in 2017 to combine the Company s existing European operations headquartered in Swidnica, Poland and Astra Rail Industries S.A., based in Arad, Romania. Greenbrier-Astra Rail B.V. is controlled by the Company with an approximate interest. Astra Holdings GmbH received a put option to sell its entire noncontrolling interest to the Company at an exercise price equal to the higher of fair value or a defined earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) multiple as measured on the exercise date. During 2022, the option was extended to be exercisable 30 business days prior to and up until June 1, 2026. The Company consolidates Greenbrier-Astra Rail B.V. for financial reporting purposes and includes the noncontrolling interest in the mezzanine section of the Consolidated Balance Sheet in Contingently redeemable noncontrolling interest. The carrying value of the noncontrolling interest cannot be less than the maximum redemption amount, which is the amount Greenbrier will settle the put option for if exercised. During the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a noncash million redemption value adjustment to Contingently redeemable noncontrolling interest and Retained earnings to reduce the carrying value to the maximum redemption amount. During 2023, the Company recorded a noncash million redemption value adjustment to Contingently redeemable noncontrolling interest and Retained earnings to increase the carrying value to the maximum redemption amount. The change in the maximum redemption amount in 2023 and 2024 was primarily attributed to industry and entity-specific indicators which impacted the estimated future cash flows of Greenbrier-Astra Rail B.V. Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Income represents the Company s partners share of results from operations. 

57 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Balance, August 31, 2024 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Revenue and Cost of revenue 

Interest rate swap contracts 

() 

() 

Interest and foreign exchange 

() 

() 

Total before tax 

() 
 
 Tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

Net of tax 

58 

Foreign exchange loss, net 

million, million and million, respectively, included in Selling and administrative expenses. 
 Convertible notes, and the treasury stock method associated with performance based restricted stock units subject to performance criteria. 

59 

this guidance effective on a modified retrospective basis and recorded a cumulative effect adjustment to increase Retained earnings by million. The impact of adoption also resulted in a reduction to Additional paid in capital of approximately million related to amounts attributable to conversion options that had previously been recorded in equity and the associated derecognition of related deferred tax liabilities of million. Additionally, the Company recorded an increase to its convertible notes balance by an aggregate amount of approximately million as a result of derecognizing the debt discount. The adoption of this guidance also decreased the amount of non-cash interest expense to be recognized in future periods as a result of eliminating the discount associated with the equity component. The Company did not incur any impact to liquidity or cash flows. Beginning September 1, 2021, when calculating net earnings attributable to Greenbrier per share of common stock, the Company uses the if-converted method as required under ASU 2020-06 to determine the dilutive effect of its convertible notes. 

60 

Contract assets 
 
 Inventories 

Contract liabilities 1 
 
 Deferred revenue 

1 
 For the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 the Company recognized million and million of revenue, respectively, that was included in Contract liabilities as of August 31, 2023 and 2022. Performance obligations As of August 31, 2024 , the Company has entered into contracts with customers for which revenue has not yet been recognized. 

Manufacturing Sustainable conversions 

Services 

Other 

Based on current production and delivery schedules and existing contracts, approximately billion of the Railcar sales amount is expected to be recognized in 2025 while the remaining amount is expected to be recognized in 2026 and beyond. Sustainable conversions represent orders to modify existing railcars and are expected to be recognized in 2025. Services includes management and maintenance services of which approximately are expected to be performed through 2029 and the remaining amount through 2037. 

 million and the fair value was million as of the impairment date. The Company concluded that an impairment charge was necessary and million was recorded within the Manufacturing segment as Asset impairment, disposal and exit costs, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended August 31, 2023. In May 2023, the Company sold its ownership interest in Gunderson Marine and the Gunderson Facility assets (which includes the Portland Property) and recognized a million loss on sale and million severance, which are recorded within the Manufacturing segment as Asset impairment, disposal, and exit costs, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended August 31, 2023. Southwest Steel In August 2023, the Company sold its ownership interest in Southwest Steel Castings Company, a steel foundry business in Longview, Texas, and recorded a million loss on sale, which is recorded within the Manufacturing segment as Asset impairment, disposal, and exit costs, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended August 31, 2023. 

 61 

ownership interest in Rayvag, a railcar manufacturing company based in Adana, T rkiye. The Company deconsolidated Rayvag and its noncontrolling interest and recorded a million gain on sale, which is recorded within the Manufacturing segment as Asset impairment, disposal, and exit costs, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended August 31, 2023. Total Asset impairment, disposal, and exit costs, net were million for the year ended August 31, 2023. There were Asset impairment, disposal, and exit costs, net for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2022. 

Work-in-process 

Finished goods 

Excess and obsolete adjustment 

() 

() 

Charge to cost of revenue 

Disposition of inventory 

() 

() 

() 

Currency translation effect 

() 

Balance at end of period 

Machinery and equipment 

Buildings and improvements 

Construction in progress 

Other 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Depreciation expense was million, million and million for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 , respectively. 

Translation and other adjustments 

() 

() 

Balance August 31, 2024 

62 

Accumulated goodwill impairment losses 

() 

Accumulated other reductions 

() 

Balance August 31, 2024 

The Company performed its annual goodwill impairment test during the third quarter of 2024. The Company utilized the qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its respective carrying value. This qualitative assessment may include, but is not limited to, reviewing factors such as macroeconomic considerations and industry indicators, financial performance, and cost estimates associated with a particular reporting unit. If, based on a review of qualitative factors, it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a quantitative impairment test is performed by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. Based on the qualitative assessment, the Company determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit with goodwill exceeded its respective carrying value and a quantitative impairment test was not necessary; therefore, the Company concluded that goodwill was not impaired. As of August 31, 2024 , the Manufacturing segment includes the North America Manufacturing reporting unit with a goodwill balance of million and the Europe Manufacturing reporting unit with a goodwill balance of million. The Maintenance Services segment had a goodwill balance of million related to the Wheels Parts reporting unit. 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Other intangible assets 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Intangible assets not subject to amortization 

Prepaid and other assets 

Operating lease ROU assets 

Nonqualified savings plan investments 

Debt issuance costs, net 

Assets held for sale 

Deferred tax assets 

Amortization expense for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was million, million and milli on, respectively. As of August 31, 2024 , amortizable intangible assets had a weighted-average remaining useful life of years. Amortization expense for the years ending August 31, 2025, 2026, 2027, 2028 and 2029 is expected to be million, million, million, million and million, respectively. 

 components, aggregated to billion as of August 31, 2024 . The Company had an aggregate of million available to draw down under credit facilities as of August 31, 2024 . 

 63 

million available on the North American credit facility, million on the European credit facilities and million on the Mexican credit facilities. Nonrecourse credit facilities: GBX Leasing As of August 31, 2024 , a million nonrecourse warehouse credit facility existed to support the operations of GBX Leasing. Advances under the warehouse credit facility are secured by a pool of leased railcars and bear interest at SOFR plus plus as a SOFR adjustment. As of August 31, 2024, interest rate swap agreements cover of the outstanding balance to swap the floating interest rate to a fixed rate. The warehouse credit facility was amended in September 2024 to reduce the size of the credit facility by million to million and to extend the maturity date from to . The warehouse credit facility currently converts to a term loan in September 2027. Other credit facilities: North America As of August 31, 2024 , a million revolving line of credit existed to provide working capital and interim financing of equipment, principally for the Company s U.S. and Mexican operations. The North America credit facility is secured by substantially all the Company s U.S. assets not otherwise pledged as security for term loans, the warehouse credit facility or the railcar asset-backed securities. Available borrowings are generally based on defined levels of eligible inventory, receivables, property, plant and equipment and leased equipment, as well as total debt to consolidated capitalization and fixed charges coverage ratios. Advances bear interest at SOFR plus plus as a SOFR adjustment or Prime plus depending on the type of borrowing. The North America credit facility matures in . Europe As of August 31, 2024 , lines of credit totaling million secured by certain of the Company s European assets, were available for working capital needs of the Company s European manufacturing operations. The European lines of credit include million which are guaranteed by the Company. The European credit facilities have variable rates that range from WIBOR plus to WIBOR plus and EURIBOR plus . European credit facilities are regularly renewed and currently have maturities that range from through . Mexico As of August 31, 2024 , the Company s Mexican railcar manufacturing operations had lines of credit totaling million for working capital needs, million of which the Company and its joint venture partner have each guaranteed . Advances under these facilities bear interest at variable rates that range from SOFR plus to SOFR plus . The Mexican credit facilities have maturities that range from through . 

Other credit facility balances: 

North America 

Europe 

Mexico 

Total Revolving notes 

million, million, and million for the years ending August 31, 2025, 2026, and 2027, respectively. In addition, outstanding commitments under the North American credit facility included letters of credit which totaled million and million as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. 

 64 

Other accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Accrued payroll and related liabilities 

Accrued warranty 

Charged to cost of revenue 

Payments 

() 

() 

() 

Currency translation effect 

() 

Balance at end of period 

Senior term debt 

Convertible senior notes, due 2028 

Convertible senior notes, due 2024 

Other notes payable 

Debt discount and issuance costs 

() 

() 

Leasing nonrecourse term loans include: N onrecourse senior term debt, secured by a pool of leased railcars. The debt bears a floating interest rate of SOFR plus plus as a SOFR adjustment, with principal of million paid quarterly in arrears and a balloon payment of million due upon maturity in . Interest rate swap agreements cover nearly of the principal balance to swap the floating interest rate to fixed rates. The principal balance as of August 31, 2024 was million . 

 Asset-backed term notes, as discussed below. The principal balance as of August 31, 2024 was million. 

 Senior term debt bears a floating interest rate of SOFR plus plus as a SOFR adjustment, with principal of million paid quarterly in arrears and a balloon payment of million due upon maturity in . Interest rate swap agreements cover approximately of the principal balance to swap the floating interest rate to fixed rates. The principal balance as of August 31, 2024 was million . The notes payable, along with the revolving and operating lines of credit, contain certain covenants with respect to the Company and various subsidiaries, the most restrictive of which, among other things, limit the ability to: incur additional indebtedness or guarantees; pay dividends or repurchase stock; enter into capital leases; create liens; sell assets; engage in transactions with affiliates, including joint ventures and non U.S. subsidiaries, including but not limited to loans, advances, equity investments and guarantees; enter into mergers, consolidations or sales of substantially all the Company s assets; and enter into new lines of business. The covenants also require certain maximum ratios of debt to total capitalization and minimum levels of fixed charges (interest and rent) coverage. 

 65 

2026 

2027 

2028 1 

2029 

Thereafter 

1 million of 2028 Convertible Notes due April 2028 is assumed to occur at the scheduled maturity instead of assuming an earlier conversion by the holders. 
 Convertible notes , paid in arrears on April 15 th and October 15 th . Issuance costs are amortized using the effective interest rate method through 2028 and the amortization expense is included in Interest and foreign exchange on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. As of August 31, 2024 , the effective interest rate was . The convertible notes mature on , unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. The convertible notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with other senior unsecured debt. The notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, at an initial conversion rate of shares of common stock per principal amount which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share. The conversion rate and the resulting conversion price are subject to adjustment in certain events, such as distributions, dividends or stock splits. Conversion of the par value of the note will be settled in cash, with any premium convertible in cash or shares at the Company s option. Upon a conversion of the notes, the Company may elect to pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash and, if applicable, shares of the Company s common stock, as provided in the 2028 Notes Indenture (as defined below). As of August 31, 2024 , the Company has reserved approximately million shares for issuance upon conversion of these notes. The 2028 Convertible Notes are subject to an indenture entered into on April 20, 2021 by the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, as amended and restated by the first supplemental indenture dated June 1, 2021 (2028 Notes Indenture). The 2028 Convertible Notes are convertible at the option of the holders prior to , under certain circumstances as described in the 2028 Notes Indenture. and on or before the 40 th trading day prior to , at a cash redemption price described in the 2028 Notes Indenture if the stock price exceeds of the conversion price during certain trading days as defined in the 2028 Notes Indenture. Calling any Convertible Note for redemption will constitute a make-whole fundamental change with respect to that Convertible Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that Convertible Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption. The Company's Convertible senior notes, due 2024 (2024 Convertible Notes), matured on . The outstanding principal balance of million plus accrued interest was settled in cash on the maturity date to retire the 2024 Convertible Notes. Asset-backed term notes GBX Leasing 2022-1 LLC (GBXL I or Issuer) was formed as a wholly owned special purpose entity (SPE) of GBX Leasing to securitize the leasing assets of GBX Leasing. GBXL I issued million of term notes in (2022 GBXL Notes) and million of term notes in (2023 GBXL Notes), which are secured by a portfolio of railcars and associated operating leases and other assets, acquired and owned by GBXL I. Greenbrier Management Services, LLC (GMS) entered into certain agreements relating to the management and servicing of the Issuer s assets. The Company evaluated the accounting for the transaction and concluded that, based on its equity investment in the Issuer combined with GMS s capacity as servicer, the Company is the primary beneficiary of the SPE and therefore consolidates the SPE for financial reporting purposes. 

 66 

million as of August 31, 2024 and GBXL I Series 2022-1 Class B Secured Railcar Equipment Notes (2022 Class B Notes) with a principal balance of million as of August 31, 2024, collectively the 2022 GBXL Notes; and 

 GBXL I Series 2023-1 Class A Secured Railcar Equipment Notes (2023 Class A Notes) with a principal balance of million as of August 31, 2024 and GBXL I Series 2023-1 Class B Secured Railcar Equipment Notes (2023 Class B Notes) with a principal balance of million as of August 31, 2024, collectively the 2023 GBXL Notes. GBX Leasing used the net proceeds received from the issuance of the 2023 GBXL Notes to pay down the GBX Leasing warehouse credit facility. 

 The 2022 GBXL Notes bear interest at fixed rates of and for the Class A Notes and Class B Notes, respectively. The 2022 GBXL Notes are payable , with a contractual maturity date of and an anticipated repayment date of . While the contractual maturity date is in , the cash flows generated from the railcar assets will pay down the 2022 GBXL Notes in line with the agreement, which based on expected cash flow payments, would result in repayment in advance of the contractual maturity date. The 2023 GBXL Notes bear interest at fixed rates of and for the 2023 Class A Notes and 2023 Class B Notes, respectively. The 2023 GBXL Notes are payable , with a contractual maturity date of and an anticipated repayment date of . While the contractual maturity date is in , the cash flows generated from the railcar assets will pay down the 2023 GBXL Notes in line with the agreement, which based on expected cash flow payments, would result in repayment in advance of the contractual maturity date. If the principal amount of the 2023 GBXL Notes and 2022 GBXL Notes has not been repaid in full by the anticipated repayment date, then the Issuer will also be required to pay additional interest to the holders at a rate equal to per annum. The GBXL Notes are obligations of the Issuer only and are nonrecourse to Greenbrier. The GBXL Notes are subject to a Master Indenture between the Issuer and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee, as supplemented by the Series 2022-1 Supplement dated February 9, 2022 and the Series 2023-1 Supplement dated November 20, 2023. The GBXL Notes may be subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of certain events of default. 

Equipment on operating leases, net 

Liabilities 

Notes payable, net 

million. The fair value of the contracts is included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as Accounts payable and accrued liabilities when in a loss position, or as Accounts receivable, net when in a gain position. As the contracts mature at various dates through March 2027, any such gain or loss remaining will be recognized in manufacturing revenue along with the related transactions. In the event that the underlying transaction does not occur or does not occur in the period designated at the inception of the hedge, the amount classified in Accumulated other comprehensive loss would be reclassified to the results of operations in Interest and 

 67 

million would be credited to revenue in the next year. At August 31, 2024 , interest rate swap agreements maturing from through had notional amounts that aggregated to million . The fair value of the contracts are included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities when in a loss position, or in Accounts receivable, net when in a gain position. As interest expense on the underlying debt is recognized, amounts corresponding to the interest rate swap are reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss and charged or credited to interest expense. At August 31, 2024 interest rates, approximately million would be credited to interest expense in the next year. 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Interest rate swap contracts 
 
 Accounts receivable, net 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

Foreign forward exchange contracts 
 
 Accounts receivable, net 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships 
 
 Gain (loss) recognized in OCI on derivatives Years ended August 31, 

Location of gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated OCI into income 
 
 Gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated OCI into income Years ended August 31, 

Location of gain (loss) in income on derivative (amount excluded from effectiveness testing) 
 
 Gain (loss) recognized on derivative (amount excluded from effectiveness testing) Years ended August 31, 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Foreign forward exchange contracts 

Revenue 

() 
 
 Revenue 

Foreign forward exchange contracts 

() 

Cost of revenue 

() 

Cost of revenue 

Interest rate swap contracts 

Interest and foreign exchange 

Interest and foreign exchange 

68 

() 

() 

Cost of revenue 

() 

Interest and foreign exchange 

() 

million shares reserved for issuance under the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, up to million shares previously reserved for issuance, but not issued or subject to outstanding awards, are available for issuance under the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, and up to million shares that were subject to outstanding awards under the 2017 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan as of the effective date of the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan will also become available for issuance under the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan to the extent such shares are not issued and cease to be subject to such awards following the effective date of the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. On August 31, 2024 , there were million shares available for grant compared to million and million shares available for grant as of August 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. There are no stock options, restricted shares, or stock appreciation rights outstanding as of August 31, 2024. The Company currently grants restricted stock units. Shares associated with restricted stock unit awards are not considered legally outstanding shares of common stock until they are issued following vesting. Restricted stock unit awards, including performance based awards, are entitled to participate in dividends. During the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 , the Company awarded restricted stock unit grants totaling million, million, and million shares, respectively, which include performance based grants and dividend equivalent rights. For performance based awards granted in 2022, the performance metrics included an EBITDA metric, weighted , and a return on invested capital (ROIC) metric, weighted . For performance based awards granted in 2023 and 2024, the performance metrics included the Company s total shareholder return relative to a designated peer group (Relative TSR), weighted , in addition to an EBITDA metric, weighted , and an ROIC metric, weighted . Performance based award share payouts depend on the extent to which the performance goal has been achieved. The number of shares that a participant receives is equal to the award granted multiplied by a payout factor, which ranges from to a maximum of . The fair value of awards granted, including performance based grants that did not contain a Relative TSR market condition, was determined based on the market closing price of the underlying shares on the date of grant. For the awards granted with a Relative TSR market condition, 

Risk-free rate of return 

69 

million, million, and million for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 , respectively. The grant date fair value of stock awarded under restricted stock unit grants is amortized as compensation expense over the vesting period of one to . Compensation expense recognized related to restricted stock unit grants for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was million, million, and million, respectively, and was recorded in Selling and administrative and Cost of revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Unamortized compensation cost related to restricted stock unit grants was million as of August 31, 2024, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately two years. During the year ended August 31, 2024 , a total of million restricted stock units vested, including shares that were withheld on behalf of employees to satisfy the minimum statutory tax withholding requirements. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding as of August 31, 2024 

Share Repurchase Program The Board of Directors has authorized the Company to repurchase in aggregate up to million of the Company s common stock. The program may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time without prior notice and currently has an expiration date of . Under the share repurchase program, shares of common stock may be purchased from time to time on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The timing and amount of purchases is based upon market conditions, securities law limitations and other factors. The share repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any specific number of shares in any period. During the year ended August 31, 2024 , the Company purchased a total of thousand shares for million. During the year ended August 31, 2023 , the Company purchased a total of million shares for million, of which million shares for million were purchased under the current authorization of the share repurchase program. There were shares repurchased under the share repurchase program during the year ended August 31, 2022. As of August 31, 2024 , the amount remaining for repurchase under the share repurchase program was million. For shares repurchased subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company accrued excise tax of million to Additional paid-in capital for the year ended August 31, 2023. Accrued excise tax of million is included within Accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2024 and 2023. 

 70 

Dilutive effect of Convertible notes, due 2024 1 

Dilutive effect of Convertible notes, due 2028 2 

Dilutive effect of restricted stock units 3 

Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 

1 Convertible notes due 2024 was excluded for the year ended August 31, 2022 as they were considered anti-dilutive under the if converted method as further discussed below. These notes were retired on February 1, 2024. 2 The dilutive effect of the Convertible notes, due 2028 was excluded for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 as the average stock price was less than the applicable conversion price and therefore was considered anti-dilutive. As these notes require cash settlement for the principal, only a premium is potentially dilutive. 3 
 Basic EPS is computed by dividing Net earnings attributable to Greenbrier by weighted average basic common shares outstanding. For the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 , diluted EPS was calculated using the more dilutive of two methods. The first method includes the dilutive effect, using the treasury stock method, associated with restricted stock units and performance based restricted stock units subject to performance criteria, for which actual levels of performance above target have been achieved. The second method supplements the first by also including the if converted effect of the Convertible notes due 2024 and shares underlying the Convertible notes due 2028, when there is a conversion premium. Under the if converted method, debt issuance and interest costs, both net of tax, associated with the convertible notes due 2024 are added back to net earnings and the share count is increased by the shares underlying the convertible notes. 

Weighted average basic common shares outstanding 

Basic earnings per share 

Net earnings attributable to Greenbrier 

Add back: 

Interest and debt issuance costs on the convertible notes due 2024, net of tax 

n/a 

Earnings before interest and debt issuance costs on the convertible notes due 2024 

n/a 

Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 

Diluted earnings per share 

1 

1 

1 convertible notes due 2024 Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 

71 

interest in Axis, a joint venture. The Company purchased million, million and million of railcar components from Axis during the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company held a interest in the common equity of an unconsolidated affiliate that bought and sold railcar assets that are leased to third parties. As of August 31, 2023, the Company no longer held an investment in this entity. Upon sale of railcars to this entity from Greenbrier, of the related revenue and margin was recognized and was deferred until the railcars were ultimately sold by the entity. The Company recognized million and million with railcars sold out of the leasing warehouse during the year ended August 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

() 

State 

Foreign 

Deferred 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

() 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Earnings before income tax and earnings from unconsolidated affiliates for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 were million, million and million, respectively, for our domestic U.S. operations and million, million and million, respectively for our foreign operations. 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Foreign operations 

U.S. tax on foreign earnings 

U.S. impact of foreign branch 

() 

Carryback rate benefit 

() 

Permanent differences 

() 

Base erosion and anti-avoidance tax (BEAT) 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Unrecognized tax benefits 

() 

Noncontrolling interest in flow-through entity 

() 

() 

() 

Credits 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Effective tax rate 

Due to the enactment of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security (CARES) Act in 2020, the Company filed a Federal claim to carryback fiscal year 2021 tax losses to the fiscal years 2016 through 2018, allowing the recovery of Federal income taxes previously paid at rates of or , rather than the current Federal rate of 

 72 

in effect beginning with the fiscal year 2019. As of August 31, 2024, income taxes receivable includes a balance of million related to the carryback of the 2021 loss. 

Deferred revenue 

Inventories and other 

Maintenance and warranty accruals 

Lease liability 

Net operating losses 

Investment, asset tax credits and other 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Fixed assets 

() 

() 

Intangibles 

() 

() 

Right-of-use asset 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

As of August 31, 2024, the Company had million of federal NOL carryforwards that do not expire, million of federal credit carryforwards that will begin to expire in 2028, million of state net operating loss carryforwards that will begin to expire in , million of state credit carryforwards that will begin to expire in , million of foreign net operating loss carryforwards that begin to expire in calendar and million of foreign net operating loss carryforwards that do not expire. The Company has placed a valuation allowance of million against the deferred tax assets for which a benefit is not more likely than not to be realized, including those for loss and credit carryforwards unlikely to be used before their expiration dates or where the possibility of utilization is remote. The net increase in the total valuation allowance was approximately million for the year ended August 31, 2024. The Company's cumulative undistributed foreign earnings, if repatriated, would be accompanied by foreign withholdings taxes. However, the Company does not intend to repatriate these foreign earnings and continues to assert that its foreign earnings are indefinitely reinvested. As a result, it has not recorded a liability for foreign withholding taxes associated with undistributed foreign earnings. 

Gross increases tax positions in prior period 

Gross decreases tax positions in prior period 

() 

Settlements 

Lapse of statute of limitations 

() 

() 

Unrecognized Tax Benefit Ending Balance 

All unrecognized tax benefits, when recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. Interest and penalties related to income taxes are classified as a component of Income tax expense. As of August 31, 2024 and 2023, the total amount of accrued interest was million and million, respectively. Income tax 

 73 

million, million and million, respectively. The Company has not accrued any penalties on the unrecognized tax benefits and does not anticipate a significant decrease in unrecognized tax benefits during the next twelve months. The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and in various states and foreign jurisdictions. The Company is effectively no longer subject to U.S. Federal examination for fiscal years ending before 2016, to state and local examinations before 2015, or to foreign examinations before 2016. The Company currently has ongoing examinations in the U.S., Poland, and Romania. 

 reportable segments: Manufacturing; Maintenance Services; and Leasing Management Services. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. Performance is evaluated based on Earnings from operations. Corporate includes selling and administrative costs not directly related to goods and services and certain costs that are intertwined among segments due to our integrated business model. The Company does not allocate Interest and foreign exchange or Income tax benefit (expense) for either external or internal reporting purposes. Intersegment sales and transfers are valued as if the sales or transfers were to third parties. Related revenue and margin are eliminated in consolidation and therefore are not included in consolidated results in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. The information in the following tables is derived directly from the segments internal financial reports used for corporate management purposes. 

Maintenance Services 

Leasing Management Services 

Eliminations 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Corporate 

() 

() 

For the year ended August 31, 2023: 

Revenue 

Earnings (loss) from operations 

(In millions) 
 
 External 

Intersegment 

Total 

External 

Intersegment 

Total 

Manufacturing 

Maintenance Services 

Leasing Management Services 

Eliminations 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Corporate 

() 

() 

74 

Maintenance Services 

Leasing Management Services 

Eliminations 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Corporate 

() 

() 

Year Ended August 31, 

(In millions) 
 
 2024 

2023 

2022 

Assets: 

Manufacturing 

Maintenance Services 

Leasing Management Services 

Unallocated, including cash 

Depreciation and amortization: 

Manufacturing 

Maintenance Services 

Leasing Management Services 

Capital expenditures: 

Manufacturing 

Maintenance Services 

Leasing Management Services 

Foreign 

Assets: 

U.S. 

Mexico 

Europe 

1 

Interest and foreign exchange 

Earnings before income tax and earnings from unconsolidated affiliates 

75 

customer represented of Consolidated Revenue. In 2023 , revenue from customers represented and of Consolidated Revenue. In 2022 , revenue from customers each represented , and of Consolidated Revenue. No other customers accounted for more than 10 of Consolidated Revenue for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, or 2022 . customer had a balance that individually equaled or exceeded 10 of Accounts receivable, net, representing of the Consolidated Accounts receivable, net balance at August 31, 2024. customer had a balance that individually equaled or exceeded 10 of Accounts receivable, net at August 31, 2023. 

 million, million and million as of August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 , respectively. Depreciation expense was million, million and million for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 respectively. In addition, certain railcar equipment leased-in by the Company on operating leases is subleased to customers under non-cancelable operating leases with lease terms ranging from one to . Operating lease rental revenues included in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was million, million and million respectively, which included million, million, and million respectively, of revenue as a result of daily, monthly or car hire utilization arrangements. 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Lessee The Company leases railcars, real estate, and certain equipment under operating and, to a lesser extent, finance lease arrangements. As of and for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, finance leases were not a material component of the Company's lease portfolio. The Company s real estate and equipment leases have remaining lease terms ranging from less than to , with some including . The Company recognizes a lease liability and corresponding ROU asset based on the present value of lease payments. To determine the present value of lease payments, as most of its leases do not provide a readily determinable implicit rate, the Company s incremental borrowing rate is used to discount the lease payments based on information available at the lease commencement date. The Company gives consideration to its recent debt issuances as well as publicly available data for instruments with similar characteristics when estimating its incremental borrowing rate. 

Short-term lease expense 

Total 

76 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

() 

Total lease obligations 

years 

Weighted average discount rate 

ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

million during a 17-year period. The Company bore a percentage of the total costs incurred by the LWG in connection with the investigation. The Company s aggregate expenditure during the 17-year period was not material. Some or all of any such outlay may be recoverable from other responsible parties. The EPA issued its Record of Decision (ROD) for the Portland Harbor Site on January 6, 2017 and accordingly on October 26, 2017, the AOC was terminated. Separate from the process described above, which focused on the type of remediation to be performed at the Portland Harbor Site and the schedule for such remediation, approximately 100 parties, including the State of Oregon and the federal government, are participating in a non-judicial, mediated allocation process to try to allocate costs associated with remediation of the Portland Harbor Site. The Company will continue to participate in the allocation process. Approximately 110 additional parties signed tolling agreements related to such allocations. On April 23, 2009, the Company and the other AOC signatories filed suit against 69 other parties due to a possible limitations period for some such claims; Arkema Inc. et al v. A C Foundry Products, Inc. et al , U.S. District Court, District of Oregon, Case #3:09-cv-453-PK. All but 12 of these parties elected to sign tolling agreements and be dismissed without prejudice, and the case has been stayed by the court until January 14, 2025. 

 77 

of active remediation, followed by of monitoring with an estimated undiscounted cost of billion. The EPA typically expects its cost estimates to be accurate within a range of - to + , but this ROD states that changes in costs are likely to occur. The EPA has identified several work areas within the ROD cleanup area. One of the units, RM9W, includes the nearshore area of the river sediments offshore and downstream of the Portland Property. It also includes a portion of the Portland Property's riverbank. The ROD does not break down total remediation costs by Sediment Decision Unit. The EPA requested that potentially responsible parties enter AOCs during 2019 agreeing to conduct remedial design studies. Some parties have signed AOCs, including one party with respect to RM9W. The Company has not signed an AOC in connection with remedial design, but is assisting in funding a portion of the RM9W remedial design. The ROD does not address responsibility for the costs of clean-up, nor does it allocate such costs among the potentially responsible parties. Responsibility for funding and implementing the EPA's selected cleanup remedy will be determined at an unspecified later date. Based on the investigation to date, the Company believes that it did not contribute in any material way to contaminants of concern in the river sediments or the damage of natural resources in the Portland Harbor Site and that the damage in the area of the Portland Harbor Site adjacent to the Portland Property precedes the Company s ownership of the Portland Property. Because these environmental investigations are still underway, sufficient information is currently not available to determine the Company s liability, if any, for the cost of any required remediation or restoration of the Portland Harbor Site or to estimate a range of potential loss. Based on the results of the pending investigations and future assessments of natural resource damages, the Company may be required to incur costs associated with additional phases of investigation or remedial action, and may be liable for damages to natural resources. On January 30, 2017 the Confederated Tribes and Bands of Yakama Nation sued 33 parties including the Company as well as the federal government and the State of Oregon for costs it incurred in assessing alleged natural resource damages to the Columbia River from contaminants deposited in Portland Harbor. Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation v. Air Liquide America Corp., et al., U.S. Court for the District of Oregon Case No. 3i17-CV-00164-SB. The complaint does not specify the amount of damages the plaintiff will seek. The case has been stayed until January 14, 2025. Oregon Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) Regulation of Portland Property The Company entered into a Voluntary Cleanup Agreement with the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) in which the Company agreed to conduct an investigation of whether, and to what extent, past or present operations at the Portland Property may have released hazardous substances into the environment. The Company has also signed an Order on Consent with the DEQ to finalize the investigation of potential onsite sources of contamination that may have a release pathway to the Willamette River. The Company s aggregate expenditure has not been material, however it could incur significant expenses for remediation. Some or all of any such outlay may be recoverable from other responsible parties. Sale of Portland Property The Company sold the Portland Property in May 2023, but remains potentially liable with respect to the above matters. Any of these matters could adversely affect the Company's business and Consolidated Financial Statements. However, any contamination or exacerbation of contamination that occurs after the sale of the property will be the liability of the current and future owners and operators of the Portland Property. Other Litigation, Commitments and Contingencies From time to time, Greenbrier is involved as a defendant in litigation in the ordinary course of business, the outcomes of which cannot be predicted with certainty. While the ultimate outcome of such legal proceedings cannot be determined at this time, the Company believes that the resolution of pending litigation will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. As of August 31, 2024 , the Company had outstanding letters of credit aggregating to million associated with performance guarantees, facility leases and workers compensation insurance. 

 78 

Nonqualified savings plan investments 

Cash equivalents 

Liabilities: 

Derivative financial instruments 

0 

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of August 31, 2023 are: 

(In millions) 
 
 Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 (1) 

Level 3 

Assets: 

Derivative financial instruments 

Nonqualified savings plan investments 

Cash equivalents 

Liabilities: 

Derivative financial instruments 

1 

Notes payable as of August 31, 2023 

The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, revolving notes and accounts payable and accrued liabilities is a reasonable estimate of fair value of these financial instruments. Estimated rates currently available to the Company for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities and current market data are used to estimate the fair value of notes payable. 

 79 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCO UNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 Item 9A.	CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management has evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)). Based on that evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner, and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Management, under the oversight of the Audit Committee, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024. 
 As disclosed in Part II Item 9A Controls and Procedures in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, we identified a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting as the Company did not effectively design and maintain controls over information technology (IT) general controls in one IT environment in our primary North America manufacturing businesses that are relevant to the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements. We did not (i) maintain change management controls to ensure configuration data changes affecting the IT application were appropriate (ii) design and maintain program development controls to ensure the data migration, program testing and approval of new software development was aligned with business and IT requirements and (iii) maintain user access controls to ensure segregation of duties in our financial application. The control deficiencies resulted from incomplete risk assessment, inadequate training of personnel and ineffective control activities related primarily to the implementation of a new ERP system in our primary North America manufacturing businesses. As a result, process level automated controls that are dependent on the affected IT environment and manual controls that rely on system-generated data or reports from the affected IT environment were ineffective because they could have been adversely impacted. 
 During fiscal year 2024, the Company s management designed and implemented corrective actions to remediate the control deficiencies that contributed to the material weakness. The remediation actions included: 
 Enhancing risk assessment and control design to address potential financial reporting risk related to system implementations; 

Expanding controls and/or applying other appropriate procedures to address the design and operation of IT general controls on system implementations; 

80 

Improving policy and procedure documentation related to IT general controls to better define roles and responsibilities, improve control owner understanding, and provide a basis for knowledge transfer upon personnel changes; and 

Enhancing our education concerning the principles and requirements of each control, with a focus on those related to user access, change management, and segregation of duties over IT systems impacting financial reporting. 

During the quarter ended August 31, 2024 we completed our testing of the operating effectiveness of the implemented controls and found them to be effective. As a result, we have concluded the material weakness has been remediated as of August 31, 2024. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, who audited the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, independently assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Their attestation report is included at the end of Part II, Item 9A of this Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Except for the changes in connection with our implementation of the remediation plan discussed above, there have been no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended August 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations of Internal Controls 
 Our management, including the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
 81 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors The Greenbrier Companies, Inc.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended August 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated October 24, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 82 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Portland, Oregon October 24, 2024 
 83 

Item 9B . OTHER INFORMATION 
 Trading Plan Arrangements 
 the following officer, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act, adopted a trading arrangement, as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K, as follows: On , , , The Americas, a dopted a trading arrangement providing for the sale of an aggregate of up to shares of our common stock acquired by Mr. Krueger pursuant to our Stock Incentive Plan, and an additional number of shares that will be acquired upon the vesting of restricted stock units and performance based restricted stock units that is not currently determinable as the number will vary based on the extent to which vesting conditions are satisfied and the number of shares of our common stock withheld or sold to pay taxes at the time of settlement. The trading arrangement is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense in Rule 10b5-1(c). The first date that sales of any shares are permitted to be sold under the trading arrangement will be November 1, 2024, and subsequent sales under the trading arrangement may occur on a regular basis for the duration of the trading arrangement until , or earlier if all transactions under the trading arrangement are completed. 

 No other officers or directors, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), adopted and/or terminated a trading arrangement or a trading arrangement, as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K, during the three months ended August 31, 2024. 
 
 I tem 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 84 

PART III 
 Item 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECU TIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information required by this item will be included under the captions Board Composition , Board Committees, Meetings and Charters and Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and FCPA Compliance in our definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the year ended August 31, 2024 (as amended, updated, supplemented, or restated, 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Information required by this item regarding the executive officers of the Company and family relationships is included under the caption Information about our Executive Officers in Part I of this 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item will be included under the caption Fiscal 2024 Executive Compensation , Compensation Committee Report , 2024 Non-Employee Director Compensation and Risk Oversight in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OW NERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS 
 The information required by this item will be included under the captions Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATE D TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item will be included under the captions Related Person Transactions and Board Independence in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: . 
 The information required by this item will be included under the caption Ratification of Appointment of Independent Auditors in the 2025 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 85 

PART IV 
 Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 
 See Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 
 
 (a)	(2) Financial Statements Schedule 
 
 All other schedules have been omitted because they are inapplicable, not required or because the information is given in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. This supplemental schedule should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in this report. 

(a) 
 (3) 
 The following exhibits are filed herewith and this list is intended to constitute the exhibit index: 

3.1 
 Registrant s Articles of Incorporation are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed April 5, 2006. 

3.2 
 Articles of Merger amending the Registrant s Articles of Incorporation are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed April 5, 2006. 

3.3 
 Registrant s Amended and Restated Bylaws are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed April 5, 2024. 

4.1 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Registrant is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed April 7, 2010 (SEC File Number 333-165924). 

4.2 
 Description of the Registrant's Securities Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 29, 2019. 

4.3 
 Indenture between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, including the Form of Note attached as Exhibit A thereto, dated April 20, 2021 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed April 21, 2021. 

4.4 
 First Supplemental Indenture dated June 1, 2021 to the Indenture dated April 20, 2021 between the Registrant and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, including the Form of Note attached as Exhibit A thereto is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed July 9, 2021. 

10.1 
 Form of Change of Control Agreement is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed April 4, 2013. 

10.2 
 The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. Form of Amendment to Change of Control Agreement, approved on May 28, 2013, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed June 3, 2013. 

10.3 
 The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Registrant's Form S-8 filed January 6, 2021. 

10.4 
 Stock Incentive Grant Program for Non-Employee Directors under the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 25, 2023. 

86 

10.5 
 Mandatory Clawback Policy is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 25, 2023. 

10.6 
 The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. 2017 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed November 14, 2017. 

10.7 
 The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan 2018 Amendment and Restatement of the Basic Plan Document is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed June 29, 2018. 

10.8 
 The Greenbrier Companies Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan 2018 Amendment and Restatement of the Adoption Agreement is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed June 29, 2018. 

10.9 
 Updated Rabbi Trust Agreements, dated October 1, 2012, related to The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed January 9, 2013. 

10.10 
 Amendment No. 1 to Trust Agreement, dated June 15, 2018, related to The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed June 29, 2018. 

10.11 
 The Greenbrier Companies Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan Adoption Agreement for Directors, dated July 1, 2012, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed November 1, 2012. 

10.12 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Greenbrier Companies Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan Adoption Agreement for Directors, dated December 15, 2015, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed April 5, 2016. 

10.13 
 Amended and Restated The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated effective January 5, 2024, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed April 5, 2024. 

10.14 
 Consulting Services Agreement between Greenbrier Leasing Company LLC and Charles J. Swindells dated January 7, 2016 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed April 5, 2016. 

10.15 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2018, by and among The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner, MUFG Union Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agent, Bank of the West, Branch Banking and Trust Company, Fifth Third Bank, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co-Documentation Agents, and the lenders identified therein is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 26, 2018. 

10.16 
 First Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2018, by and among The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner, MUFG Union Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agent, Bank of the West, Branch Banking and Trust Company, Fifth Third Bank, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co-Documentation Agents, and the lenders identified therein is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 29, 2019. 

87 

10.17 
 Second Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2021, by and among The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., the guarantors and lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 26, 2021. 

10.18 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2018, by and among The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., and the other parties identified as Debtors therein, in favor of Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 26, 2018. 

10.19 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2018, by and among The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., and the other parties identified as Debtors therein, in favor of Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 26, 2018. 

10.20 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2018, by and among Greenbrier Leasing Company LLC, an Oregon limited liability company, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner, MUFG Union Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and the lenders identified therein is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 26, 2018. 

10.21 
 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2021, by and among Greenbrier Leasing Company LLC, an Oregon limited liability company, lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 26, 2021. 

10.22 
 Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2018, by and between Greenbrier Leasing Company LLC, an Oregon limited liability company, in favor of Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed October 26, 2018. 

10.23 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2019, by and among The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., GBXL, LLC, and American Railcar Industries, Inc., is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed April 18, 2019. 

10.24 
 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2022, by and among Greenbrier Leasing Company LLC, an Oregon limited liability company, lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Registrant's Form 10-K filed on October 31, 2022. 

10.25 
 Third Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2022, by and among The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., the guarantors and lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Registrant's Form 10-K filed on October 31, 2022. 

10.26 
 Master Indenture dated February 9, 2022 between GBX Leasing 2022-1 LLC and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as indenture trustee and U.S. Bank National Association, as securities intermediary is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed on April 6, 2022. [Portions omitted] 

10.27 
 Series 2022-1 Supplement dated February 9, 2022 between GBX Leasing 2022-1 LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee (including Forms of Note attached as Exhibit A and Exhibit B thereto) is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed on April 6, 2022. [Portions omitted] 

88 

10.28 
 Amendment No. 2 to Warehouse Loan Agreement dated August 26, 2022 by and among GBXL I, LLC, as borrower, Bank of America N.A. as a lender and as agent and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as lender is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Registrant's Form 10-K filed on October 31, 2022. 

10.29 
 Fourth Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2023, by and among The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., the guarantors and lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed on April 10, 2023. 

10.30 
 Amendment No. 3 to Warehouse Loan Agreement dated June 16, 2023, by and among GBXL I, LLC, as borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as a Lender and agent, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as lender, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as lender is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q filed on June 29, 2023. 

10.31 
 Series 2023-1 Supplement dated November 20, 2023 between GBX Leasing 2022-1 LLC and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as Indenture Trustee (including Forms of Note attached as Exhibit A and Exhibit B thereto) is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on January 5, 2024. [Portions omitted] 

10.32 
 Transition and Consulting Agreement between the Registrant and Adrian J. Downes dated April 2, 2024 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on July 8, 2024. 

10.33 
 Employment Offer Letter between Greenbrier Leasing Company LLC and Michael J. Donfris dated May 8, 2024 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on July 8, 2024. 

10.34 
 Amendment No. 4 to Warehouse Loan Agreement dated January 22, 2024, by and among GBXL I, LLC, as borrower, GBXL I (Canada) Ltd., Wilmington Trust Company, as collateral agent and depositary, Bank of America, N.A., as a Lender and agent, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as lender, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as lender. 

10.35 
 Amendment No. 5 to Warehouse Loan Agreement dated September 6, 2024, by and among GBXL I, LLC, as borrower, GBXL I (Canada) Ltd., Wilmington Trust Company, as collateral agent and depositary, Bank of America, N.A., as a Lender and agent, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as an exiting lender, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as lender. [Portions omitted] 

10.36 
 The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. Executive Officers Severance Policy. 

10.37 
 Overseas Assignment Letter between The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. and William Glenn dated October 16, 2024. 

19.1 
 Policy Regarding Trading in Company Securities. 

21.1 
 List of the subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23.1 
 Consent of KPMG LLP. 

31.1 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13(a) 14(a). 

31.2 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13(a) 14(a). 

32.1 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

89 

32.2 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema With Embedded Linkbase Document. 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 
 Certain confidential information contained in this exhibit, marked by brackets, has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the Registrant treats as private or confidential 
 
 Note: For all exhibits incorporated by reference, unless otherwise noted above, the SEC file number is 001-13146. 
 Item 16.	FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 90 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 

Dated: October 24, 2024 
 By: /s/ Lorie L. Tekorius 

Lorie L. Tekorius 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Date 

/s/ Lorie L. Tekorius 
 October 24, 2024 

Lorie L. Tekorius, President, 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

/s/ Thomas B. Fargo 
 October 24, 2024 

Thomas B. Fargo, Chair of the Board 

/s/ Wanda F. Felton 
 October 24, 2024 

Wanda F. Felton, Director 

/s/ Antonio Garza 
 October 24, 2024 

Antonio Garza, Director 

/s/ James R. Huffines 
 October 24, 2024 

James R. Huffines, Director 

/s/ Graeme A. Jack 
 October 24, 2024 

Graeme A. Jack, Director 

/s/ Wendy L. Teramoto 
 October 24, 2024 

Wendy L. Teramoto, Director 

/s/ Kelly M. Williams 
 October 24, 2024 

Kelly M. Williams, Director 

/s/ Michael J. Donfris 
 October 24, 2024 

Michael J. Donfris, Senior Vice President, 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Matthew J. Meyer 
 October 24, 2024 

Matthew J. Meyer, Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

91 

<EX-10.34>
 2
 gbx-ex10_34.htm
 EX-10.34

EX-10.34 

Exhibit 10.34 EXECUTION VERSION 

 OMNIBUS AMENDMENT 
 THIS OMNIBUS AMENDMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of January 22, 2024, is entered into by and among GBXL I, LLC, as borrower (in such capacity, the Borrower ), GBXL I (Canada) Ltd., as Canadian subsidiary (the Canadian Subsidiary ), Wilmington Trust Company, as depositary (in such capacity, the Depositary and as collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ), Bank of America, N.A., as a Lender (as defined in the Loan Agreement, which is defined below) and as agent (in such capacity, the Agent ), Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as a Lender and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as a Lender. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings provided in the Loan Agreement. 
 R E C I T A L S 
 WHEREAS , reference is made to the Warehouse Loan Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2021 (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan Agreement ), by and among the Borrower, the Canadian Subsidiary, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, the Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Depositary; 
 WHEREAS , the Borrower, the Canadian Subsidiary, the Agent, the Depositary and the Collateral Agent are parties to that certain Depository Agreement dated as of April 1, 2021 (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time, the Depository Agreement ); 
 WHEREAS , the Borrower requests that each Lender and the Agent amend the Loan Agreement, upon and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment, as set forth herein; 
 WHEREAS , the Borrower requests that the Agent (acting at the direction of the Lenders), the Depositary and the Collateral Agent amend the Depository Agreement, upon and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment, as set forth herein; 
 NOW, THEREFORE , based upon the above Recitals, the mutual premises and agreements contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 
 section 1 AMENDMENTS TO THE LOAN AGREEMENT. 

The Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 
 (a)	The definition of Accounts shall be amended by inserting the words , the Liquidity Fee Reserve Account between the Discretionary Account and and the Liquidity Reserve Account . 
 (b)	The definition of Debt Service Coverage Ratio shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

Debt Service Coverage Ratio means, with respect to any Settlement Date, the ratio of: 
 (i) the sum of the aggregate amount of 

(A) Cash Flow (other than Excepted Payments) actually collected and paid into the Collection Account, plus 

(B) interest earned under deposits in the Accounts, plus 

(C) Manager Advances, plus 

(D) amounts deposited from the Maintenance Reserve Account into the Collection Account, plus 

(E) amounts deposited from the Modifications and Improvements Account into the Collection Account, plus 

(F) amounts deposited from the Liquidity Reserve Account into the Collection Account, plus 

(G) payments received by the Borrower (other than any Derivatives Termination Value) as of such Settlement Date under any Derivatives Agreement, plus 

(H) Capital Contributions in cash made to the Borrower provided , however , that (i) no more than two separate Capital Contributions in a calendar year shall be included in the calculation of the Debt Service Coverage Ratio and (ii) in any calendar year, Capital Contributions in excess of the principal and interest due on the Loans shall not be included in the calculation of the Debt Service Coverage Ratio), 

less the sum of the aggregate amount of 
 (I) operating expenses (including, without limitation, Canadian withholding taxes), plus 

(J) Manager s Fee, plus 

(K) reimbursements of Manager Advances, plus 

(L) amounts deposited in the Liquidity Reserve Account, 

in each case for each of the three most recent Measuring Periods ended on or prior to the Calculation Date immediately preceding such Settlement Date, to 
 (ii) the sum of the aggregate amount of 

(A) interest expense accrued on the Loans, plus 

(B) Liquidity Fees accrued hereunder minus any amounts deposited in the Liquidity Fee Reserve Account (not to exceed the accrued Liquidity Fees), plus 

(C) The sum, without duplication, of, with respect to each Portfolio Railcar, the product of (a) the Monthly Depreciation with respect to such Portfolio Railcar multiplied by (b) the Advance Rate with respect to such Portfolio Railcar, plus 

(D) payments owed by the Borrower (other than any Derivatives Termination Value) as of such Settlement Date under any Derivatives Agreement, 

in each case for each of the three most recent Measuring Periods ended on or prior to the Calculation Date immediately preceding such Settlement Date. . 
 (c)	Section 1.01 of the Loan Agreement shall be amended to include the following new definition for Liquidity Fee Reserve Account in the appropriate alphabetical location: 
 
 Liquidity Fee Reserve Account means the Liquidity Fee Reserve Account established by the Depositary pursuant to the Depository Agreement. 
 
 (d)	Section 2.07(c)(i) of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by deleting clause sixth in its entirety and replacing it with the following: 
 
 sixth , deposit to the Maintenance Reserve Account, the Modifications and Improvements Account and/or the Liquidity Fee Reserve Account, in each case the amount determined by the Borrower in its sole discretion; . 
 
 (e)	Section 6.12(a) of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by inserting the words , the Liquidity Fee Reserve Account between the Discretionary Account and and the Modifications and Improvements Account . 
 
 (f)	Section 6.12(b) of the Loan Agreement shall be amended by inserting the words , the Liquidity Fee Reserve Account between the Discretionary Account and and the Liquidity Reserve Account . 
 
 section 2 AMENDMENTS TO THE DEPOSITORY AGREEMENT 

The Depository Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 
 
 (a) Section 1.03 of the Depository Agreement shall be amended by: 

(i) In sub-clause (ii), inserting the words , the Liquidity Fee Reserve Account between the Modifications and Improvements Account and and the Discretionary Account and 

(ii) In sub-clause (v), inserting the words , the Liquidity Fee Reserve Account between the Maintenance Reserve Account and and the Modifications and Improvements Account . 

(b) Section 1.05(a) of the Depository Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

(a)	The Borrower has heretofore established, at the Depositary, the following accounts: 
 (i) a special, segregated and irrevocable account, number 147381-000 (the Collection Account ), entitled GBXL I, LLC COLLECTION ACCOUNT to be held in the custody of the Depositary for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, as secured party; 

(ii) a special, segregated and irrevocable account, number 147381-002 (the Depository Account ), entitled GBXL I, LLC DEPOSITORY ACCOUNT to be held in the custody of the Depositary for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, as secured party; 

(iii) a special, segregated and irrevocable account, number 147381-003 (the Liquidity Reserve Account ), entitled GBXL I, LLC LIQUIDITY RESERVE ACCOUNT to be held in the custody of the Depositary for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, as secured party; 

(iv) a special, segregated and irrevocable account, number 147381-004 (the Maintenance Reserve Account ), entitled GBXL I, LLC MAINTENANCE RESERVE ACCOUNT to be held in the custody of the Depositary for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, as secured party; 

(v) a special, segregated and irrevocable account, number 147381-005 (the Modifications and Improvements Account ), entitled GBXL I, LLC MODIFICATIONS AND IMPROVEMENT ACCOUNT to be held in the custody of the Depositary for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, as secured party; 

(vi) a special, segregated and irrevocable account, number 147381-006 (the Discretionary Account ), entitled GBXL I, LLC DISCRETIONARY ACCOUNT to be held in the custody of the Depositary as the exclusive property of the Borrower; and 

(vii) a special, segregated and irrevocable account, number 147381-009 (the Liquidity Fee Reserve Account ), entitled GBXL I, LLC LIQUIDITY FEE RESERVE ACCOUNT to be held in the custody of the Depositary for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, as secured party. 

(c) Section 1.05(b) of the Depository Agreement shall be amended by inserting the words , the Liquidity Fee Reserve Account between the Maintenance Reserve Account and and the Modifications and Improvements Account . 

(d) Section 2.03 of the Depository Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

Deposits to the Maintenance Reserve Account, the Liquidity Fee Reserve Account and the Modifications and Improvements Account . On each Settlement Date, the Depositary shall apply amounts in the Collection Account to the Maintenance Reserve Account, the Liquidity Fee Reserve Account and/or the Modifications and Improvements Account in the manner specified in the Monthly Report which manner shall be in compliance in all respects with Section 2.07(c) of the Loan Agreement. 
 (e) Section 3.03 of the Depository Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

Allocations from the Maintenance Reserve Account, the Liquidity Fee Reserve Account and the Modifications and Improvements Account . On each Settlement Date selected by the Borrower, at the direction of the Borrower, the Depositary shall withdraw funds from the Maintenance Reserve Account, the Liquidity Fee Reserve Account and/or the Modifications and Improvements Account in the amount or amounts specified by the Borrower and the Depositary shall distribute such amounts to the account or accounts directed by the Borrower. 
 section 3 LOAN AGREEMENT AND DEPOSITORY AGREEMENT IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT, AS AMENDED. 

All provisions of the Loan Agreement, the Depository Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (including all Obligations of the Borrower and rights of the Agent and the Lenders thereunder) shall remain in full force and effect, as amended by this Amendment. This Amendment in no way is intended to constitute a novation of the Loan Agreement, the Depository Agreement or other Loan Documents that existed prior to the date hereof. Notwithstanding the amendment of the Loan Agreement and the Depository Agreement pursuant to this Amendment, the Borrower shall continue to be liable for all obligations that accrued prior to the date of this Amendment. After this Amendment becomes effective, all references to the Loan Agreement or the Depository Agreement and corresponding references thereto or therein such as hereof , herein , or words of similar effect referring to the Loan Agreement or the Depository Agreement, as applicable, shall be deemed to mean the Loan Agreement as amended hereby or the Depository Agreement as amended hereby, as applicable. This Amendment shall not be deemed to expressly or impliedly waive, amend or supplement any provision of the Loan Agreement, the Depository Agreement or other Transaction Documents other than as expressly set forth herein. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document under the Loan Agreement. 
 section 4 CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS. 

The obligations of each Lender and the Agent to enter into this Amendment, and the effectiveness of this Amendment, are subject to satisfaction of the following conditions: 
 (a) Each Lender and the Agent shall have received copies of this Amendment duly executed by each of the parties hereto; and 

(b) The Borrower shall have paid or reimbursed to each Lender, the Agent, the Depositary and the Collateral Agent, as applicable, all outstanding fees, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) in connection with the execution of this Amendment. 

section 5 REPRESENTATIONS. 

In order to induce the Agent and each Lender to execute and deliver this Amendment, the Borrower represents and warrants as of the date of this Amendment (after giving effect hereto) as follows: 
 (i) it is duly incorporated or organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization; 

(ii) the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Amendment, the Loan Agreement and the Depository Agreement, as amended hereby, are within its powers, have been duly authorized, and do not contravene (A) its charter, by-laws, or other organizational documents, or (B) any applicable law; 

(iii) no consent, license, permit, approval or authorization of, or registration, filing or declaration with any Governmental Authority, is required in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Amendment, the Loan Agreement, as amended hereby, or the Depository Agreement, as amended hereby; 

(iv) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by it and is effective to amend each of the Loan Agreement and the Depository Agreement as contemplated by this Amendment; 

(v) each of this Amendment, the Loan Agreement, as amended hereby, and the Depository Agreement, as amended hereby, constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by general principles of equity; 

(vi) upon giving effect to this Amendment, there is no Event of Default or Early Amortization Event; and 

(vii) each of its respective representations and warranties set forth in the Loan Agreement is true and correct as of the date hereof, after giving effect to this Amendment as though made on the date hereof (unless any such representation or warranty by its terms expressly relates to an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty is true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date). 

section 6 MISCELLANEOUS. 

(a) By their execution hereof, the Lenders hereby authorize and instruct the Collateral Agent to execute, deliver and perform this Amendment and to take any and all other actions which may be necessary or convenient to effect the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(b) This Amendment may be executed simultaneously in any number of counterparts, and by the different parties hereto on the same or separate counterparts, each of which counterparts shall be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Each of the parties agree that this Amendment and any other documents to be delivered in connection herewith and therewith may be electronically signed, that any digital or electronic signatures (including pdf, facsimile or electronically imaged signatures provided by DocuSign or any other digital signature provider as specified in writing to the Agent) appearing on this Amendment or such other documents are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility, and that delivery of any such electronic signature to, or a signed copy of, this Amendment and such other documents may be made by facsimile, email or other electronic transmission. This Amendment and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Amendment (each, a Communication ), including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record (as defined below) and may be executed using Electronic Signatures (as defined below). Each of the parties hereto agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on it to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable against it in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Agent of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Agent may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Each party shall be entitled to rely on any Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf any other party without further verification and upon the request of any party, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 

(c) The descriptive headings of the various sections of this Amendment are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof. 

(d) This Amendment may not be amended or otherwise modified except as provided in the Loan Agreement. 

(e) The failure or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall not affect the other provisions of this Amendment. 

(f) Whenever the context and construction so require, all words used in the singular number herein shall be deemed to have been used in the plural number, and vice versa, and the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter and the neuter shall include the masculine and feminine. 

(g) The Loan Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, represents the final agreement among the parties with respect to the matters set forth therein and may not be contradicted by evidence of prior, contemporaneous or subsequent oral agreements among the parties. There are no unwritten oral agreements among the parties with respect to such matters. 

(h) THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW) THEREOF AND SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL AND NOTICE PROVISIONS OF THE LOAN AGREEMENT. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first written above. 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.35>
 3
 gbx-ex10_35.htm
 EX-10.35

EX-10.35 

Exhibit 10.35 Execution Version 

 Certain identified information has been excluded from this exhibit because it (i) is not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 
 
 Amendment No. 5 to Warehouse Loan Agreement 
 
 This Amendment No. 5 to Warehouse Loan Agreement (this Amendment ), dated as of September 6, 2024, is entered into by and among GBXL I, LLC, as borrower (in such capacity, the Borrower ), GBXL I (Canada) Ltd., as Canadian subsidiary (the Canadian Subsidiary ), Wilmington Trust Company, as depositary (in such capacity, the Depositary and as collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ), Bank of America, N.A., as a Lender (in such capacity, BofA and as agent (in such capacity, the Agent ), Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as a Lender (in such capacity, Wells Fargo , and together with BofA, the Remaining Lenders ), and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (the Exiting Lender ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings provided in the Loan Agreement. 
 Recitals 
 Whereas , reference is made to the Warehouse Loan Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2021 (as amended, restated, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Loan Agreement ), by and among the Borrower, the Canadian Subsidiary, the banks and other lending institutions from time to time party thereto, the Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Depositary; 
 Whereas , on the date of this Amendment, (i) the Exiting Lender wishes to terminate its Commitment, (ii) the parties to the Loan Agreement wish to decrease the Committed Amount from 550,000,000 to 450,000,000, (iii) BofA wishes to reduce its Commitment from 350,000,000 to 315,000,000 and (iv) Wells Fargo wishes to reduce its Commitment from 150,000,000 to 135,000,000; 
 Whereas , the Borrower and the Canadian Subsidiary request that the Agent, each Lender, the Collateral Agent, and the Depositary make certain amendments to the Loan Agreement upon and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment, as set forth herein; 
 Now, Therefore , based upon the above Recitals, the mutual premises and agreements contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 
 Section 1.	 Amendments to the Loan Agreement. 
 The Loan Agreement is hereby amended as set forth in Exhibit A to this Amendment, with text marked in underline indicating additions to such Loan Agreement and with text marked in strikethrough indicating deletions to such Loan Agreement. 

Section 2.	 Reallocation of Loan Amounts; Exit of Lender. 
 	(a)	The parties hereto (including the Exiting Lender) hereby agree that, on the date hereof, the Commitment of the Exiting Lender is reduced from 50,000,000 to 0. 
 	(b)	After giving effect to the Commitment termination contemplated in Section 2(a) above and the resulting reduction in the Committed Amount, in order to cause (i) the Commitment Percentage of each Lender to equal to such Lender s ratable share of the Committed Amount (based upon the Commitments of the Lenders relative to the Committed Amount), (ii) the Commitment for the Exiting Lender to equal 0, and (iii) the Commitments of the Remaining Lenders to be reduced to the agreed upon amounts enumerated in Schedule 1.01 to the Loan Agreement (as amended by this Amendment), the parties hereto hereby (i) acknowledge and agree that, on the date hereof, each applicable Lender shall send to the Borrower (and, if necessary, the Borrower shall send to each applicable Lender) such amount(s) as is (are) necessary so that each Lender is then holding Loans equal to its Commitment Percentage as enumerated on Schedule 1.01 (such transfers more specifically described in the flow of funds attached as Exhibit B to this Amendment) to the Loan Agreement (as amended by this Amendment) of the aggregate outstanding Loans, in each case by wire transfer of immediately available funds, and (ii) authorize and direct the Borrower to distribute, on the date hereof, to the Exiting Lender, any amounts necessary so that all amounts owed by the Borrower to the Exiting Lender have been provided. 
 	(c)	In connection with the repayment in full of the Loans for the Exiting Lender on the date hereof, (i) each of the Borrower, the Canadian Subsidiary, and the Exiting Lender hereby acknowledges and agrees that accrued and unpaid interest and fees with respect to the Loans for the Exiting Lender for the period from (and including) August 15, 2024 to (but excluding) the date hereof, together with all other Obligations (other than the Loans for the Exiting Lender) owing to the Exiting Lender are [ Confidential and immaterial information has been omitted ] (collectively, the Exiting Lender Interest, Fees and Other Obligations and (ii) on the date hereof, the Borrower agrees to pay (from amounts on deposit in the Collection Account) to the Exiting Lender, the Exiting Lender Interest, Fees and Other Obligations. The Agent and the Lenders hereby consent to the payment specified in the preceding sentence. 
 	(d)	The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (i) the transactions effected by this Section 2 shall satisfy all applicable requirements in the Loan Agreement and (ii) immediately after giving effect to the transactions effected by Section 2, the Exiting Lender (x) is no longer party to the Loan Agreement or any other Transaction Document and (y) has no further obligations to the Remaining Lenders or to the Borrower or the Canadian Subsidiary. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Exiting Lender hereby acknowledges and agrees that it has no right to consent or agree to any other amendment or modification to the Loan Agreement set forth herein. 
 Section 3.	 Notes. 
 On the date hereof, the Note issued by the Borrower to Bank of America, N.A. on June 16, 2023 in the principal amount of 350,000,000 (the Bank of America Original Note and the Note issued by the Borrower to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. on June 16, 2023 in the principal amount of 
 - 2 - 

150,000,000 (together with the Bank of America, N.A. Original Note, the Original Notes shall no longer be valid and the Borrower will issue new Notes (the Replacement Notes to the Remaining Lenders in replacement thereof in the dollar amounts set forth in Schedule 1.01 of the Loan Agreement (as amended by this Amendment). Each Lender agrees to deliver its respective Original Note to the Borrower for cancellation promptly upon the execution of this Amendment. 
 Section 4.	 Loan Agreement in Full Force and Effect, as Amended. 
 All provisions of the Loan Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (including all Obligations of the Borrower and rights of the Agent and the Lenders thereunder) shall remain in full force and effect, as amended by this Amendment. This Amendment in no way is intended to constitute a novation of the Loan Agreement or other Loan Documents that existed prior to the date hereof. Notwithstanding the amendment of the Loan Agreement pursuant to this Amendment, the Borrower shall continue to be liable for all obligations that accrued prior to the date of this Amendment. After this Amendment becomes effective, all references to the Loan Agreement and corresponding references thereto or therein such as hereof , herein , or words of similar effect referring to the Loan Agreement shall be deemed to mean the Loan Agreement as amended hereby. This Amendment shall not be deemed to expressly or impliedly waive, amend or supplement any provision of the Loan Agreement or other Transaction Documents other than as expressly set forth herein. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document under the Loan Agreement. 
 Section 5.	 Conditions to Effectiveness. 
 The obligations of each Lender and the Agent to enter into this Amendment, and the effectiveness of this Amendment, are subject to satisfaction of the following conditions: 
 	(a)	Each Lender and the Agent shall have received copies of this Amendment duly executed by each of the parties hereto; 
 	(b)	The Borrower shall have paid or reimbursed to each Lender, the Agent, the Depositary and the Collateral Agent, as applicable, all outstanding fees, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) in connection with the execution of this Amendment; 
 	(c)	Each Remaining Lender shall have received copies of their respective supplemental fee letters executed in connection with this Amendment; 
 	(d)	Each Remaining Lender shall have received its Replacement Note; and 
 	(e)	The transactions contemplated in Section 2 of this Amendment have been completed to the satisfaction of the Lenders. 
 - 3 - 

Section 6.	 Representations. 
 In order to induce the Agent and each Lender to execute and deliver this Amendment, the Borrower represents and warrants as of the date of this Amendment (after giving effect hereto) as follows: 
 	(i)	it is duly incorporated or organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization; 
 	(ii)	the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Amendment and the Loan Agreement, as amended hereby, are within its powers, have been duly authorized, and do not contravene (A) its charter, by-laws, or other organizational documents, or (B) any applicable law; 
 	(iii)	no consent, license, permit, approval or authorization of, or registration, filing or declaration with any Governmental Authority, is required in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Amendment or the Loan Agreement, as amended hereby; 
 	(iv)	this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by it and is effective to amend each of the Loan Agreement as contemplated by this Amendment; 
 	(v)	each of this Amendment and the Loan Agreement, as amended hereby, constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by general principles of equity; 
 	(vi)	upon giving effect to this Amendment, there is no Event of Default or Early Amortization Event; and 
 	(vii)	each of its respective representations and warranties set forth in the Loan Agreement is true and correct as of the date hereof, after giving effect to this Amendment as though made on the date hereof (unless any such representation or warranty by its terms expressly relates to an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty is true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date). 
 Section 7.	 Miscellaneous. 
 	(a)	By their execution hereof, the Lenders hereby authorize and instruct the Collateral Agent to execute, deliver and perform this Amendment and to take any and all other actions which may be necessary or convenient to effect the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 	(b)	This Amendment may be executed simultaneously in any number of counterparts, and by the different parties hereto on the same or separate counterparts, each of which counterparts shall be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts shall constitute but one and the same 
 - 4 - 

instrument. Each of the parties agree that this Amendment and any other documents to be delivered in connection herewith and therewith may be electronically signed, that any digital or electronic signatures (including pdf, facsimile or electronically imaged signatures provided by DocuSign or any other digital signature provider as specified in writing to the Agent) appearing on this Amendment or such other documents are the same as handwritten signatures for the purposes of validity, enforceability and admissibility, and that delivery of any such electronic signature to, or a signed copy of, this Amendment and such other documents may be made by facsimile, email or other electronic transmission. This Amendment and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Amendment (each, a Communication ), including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record (as defined below) and may be executed using Electronic Signatures (as defined below). Each of the parties hereto agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on it to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable against it in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance by the Agent of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Agent may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Each party shall be entitled to rely on any Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf any other party without further verification and upon the request of any party, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 	(c)	The descriptive headings of the various sections of this Amendment are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof. 
 	(d)	This Amendment may not be amended or otherwise modified except as provided in the Loan Agreement. 
 	(e)	The failure or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall not affect the other provisions of this Amendment. 
 	(f)	Whenever the context and construction so require, all words used in the singular number herein shall be deemed to have been used in the plural number, and vice versa, and the 
 - 5 - 

masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter and the neuter shall include the masculine and feminine. 
 	(g)	The Loan Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, represents the final agreement among the parties with respect to the matters set forth therein and may not be contradicted by evidence of prior, contemporaneous or subsequent oral agreements among the parties. There are no unwritten oral agreements among the parties with respect to such matters. 
 	(h)	 This Amendment and the rights and obligations of the parties under this Amendment shall be governed by, and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to conflict of laws principles (other than Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the New York General Obligations Law) thereof and shall be subject to the waiver of jury trial and notice provisions of the Loan Agreement. 
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
 
 - 6 - 

In Witness Whereof , the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first written above. 
 GBXL I, LLC, as Borrower 
 By:	GBX Leasing, LLC, its sole member 
 
 GBXL I Canada) Ltd ., as Canadian Subsidiary 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 5 to Warehouse Loan Agreement 

Bank of America, N.A., as Lender and as Agent 

Name:	Andrew Cantillon 
 Title:	Director 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 5 to Warehouse Loan Agreement 

Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank , as Exiting Lender 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 5 to Warehouse Loan Agreement 

Wells Fargo Bank , N.A., as Lender 

Name:	Michael Barath 
 Title:	Vice President 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 5 to Warehouse Loan Agreement 

Wilmington Trust Company , as Depositary 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 5 to Warehouse Loan Agreement 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 5 to Warehouse Loan Agreement 

Exhibit A to Amendment No. 5 to Warehouse Loan Agreement 

U.S. 450,000,000 
 WAREHOUSE LOAN AGREEMENT, 
 dated as of April 1, 2021 
 	among 
 GBXL I, LLC, as Borrower, 
 GBXL I (CANADA) LTD., as Canadian Subsidiary 
 
 THE BANKS AND OTHER LENDING INSTITUTIONS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Agent, 
 and 
 WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, as Collateral Agent and Depositary 
 
 GBXL Warehouse Warehouse Loan Agreement 

Table of Contents Page 

 ARTICLE I	DEFINITIONS	1 
 SECTION 1.01	Defined Terms	1 
 SECTION 1.02	Computation of Time Periods and Other Definitional Provisions	39 
 ARTICLE II	THE CREDIT FACILITY	39 
 SECTION 2.01	Commitment to Lend	39 
 SECTION 2.02	Procedures for Borrowing	41 
 SECTION 2.03	Notice to Lenders; Funding of Loans	42 
 SECTION 2.04	Evidence of Loans	44 
 SECTION 2.05	Interest	45 
 SECTION 2.06	Repayment and Maturity of Loans	45 
 SECTION 2.07	Prepayments	45 
 SECTION 2.08	Adjustment of Commitments	50 
 SECTION 2.09	Liquidity Fee	54 
 SECTION 2.10	Pro-rata Treatment	54 
 SECTION 2.11	Sharing of Payments	54 
 SECTION 2.12	Payments; Computations; Proceeds of Collateral, Etc	55 
 SECTION 2.13	Adjustments to Advance Rate and Borrowing Base	56 
 SECTION 2.14	Interest Rate Risk Management	56 
 SECTION 2.15	Replacement of Term SOFR or Successor Rate	56 
 ARTICLE III	TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY	58 
 SECTION 3.01	Taxes	58 
 SECTION 3.02	Illegality	62 
 SECTION 3.03	Increased Costs and Reduced Return	62 
 SECTION 3.04	Funding Losses	64 
 SECTION 3.05	Market Disruption	64 
 ARTICLE IV	CONDITIONS	65 
 SECTION 4.01	Conditions to the Closing Date	65 
 SECTION 4.02	Conditions to Each Funding Date	67 
 ARTICLE V	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES	69 
 SECTION 5.01	Organization and Good Standing	69 
 SECTION 5.02	Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations	69 
 SECTION 5.03	No Conflicts	70 
 SECTION 5.04	No Default	70 
 SECTION 5.05	Financial Condition	70 
 SECTION 5.06	No Material Adverse Effect	71 
 SECTION 5.07	Title to Properties	71 
 SECTION 5.08	Litigation	71 

- i - 

Table of Contents (continued) Page 

 SECTION 5.09	Taxes	71 
 SECTION 5.10	Compliance with Law	72 
 SECTION 5.11	ERISA	72 
 SECTION 5.12	Subsidiaries	73 
 SECTION 5.13	Governmental Regulations, Etc	73 
 SECTION 5.14	Purpose of Loans	73 
 SECTION 5.15	Environmental Matters	73 
 SECTION 5.16	Solvency	74 
 SECTION 5.17	Collateral Documents	74 
 SECTION 5.18	Ownership	74 
 SECTION 5.19	Lease Documents	74 
 SECTION 5.20	Sole Business of the Borrower	74 
 SECTION 5.21	Separate Corporate Structure; No Employees	74 
 SECTION 5.22	Leases	76 
 SECTION 5.23	Railcars	76 
 SECTION 5.24	Sanctioned Person	76 
 SECTION 5.25	Additional Representations	77 
 SECTION 5.26	Beneficial Ownership Certificate	77 
 SECTION 5.27	Uniform Commercial Code	77 
 ARTICLE VI	AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS	77 
 SECTION 6.01	Information	77 
 SECTION 6.02	Preservation of Existence and Franchises; Authorizations, Approvals and Recordations	80 
 SECTION 6.03	Books and Records	80 
 SECTION 6.04	ERISA	80 
 SECTION 6.05	Payment of Taxes and Other Debt; Tax Status	80 
 SECTION 6.06	Insurance; Certain Proceeds	80 
 SECTION 6.07	Operation, Use and Maintenance	82 
 SECTION 6.08	Replacement of Parts; Modifications and Improvements	83 
 SECTION 6.09	Use of Proceeds	84 
 SECTION 6.10	Audits/Inspections/Appraisals	84 
 SECTION 6.11	Follow-On Leases	85 
 SECTION 6.12	Accounts	85 
 SECTION 6.13	Manager	86 
 SECTION 6.14	Compliance with Separate Corporate Structure; Employees	87 
 SECTION 6.15	Required Disclosures	87 
 SECTION 6.16	Change of Name	87 
 SECTION 6.17	Lessee Consents	87 
 ARTICLE VII	NEGATIVE COVENANTS	88 

- ii - 

Table of Contents (continued) Page 

 SECTION 7.01	Limitation on Debt	88 
 SECTION 7.02	Restriction on Liens	88 
 SECTION 7.03	Nature of Business	88 
 SECTION 7.04	Consolidation, Merger and Dissolution	88 
 SECTION 7.05	Asset Dispositions	88 
 SECTION 7.06	Investments	89 
 SECTION 7.07	Restricted Payments, etc	89 
 SECTION 7.08	Transactions with Affiliates	89 
 SECTION 7.09	Fiscal Year; Organization and Other Documents	90 
 SECTION 7.10	Additional Negative Pledges	90 
 SECTION 7.11	Impairment of Security Interests	90 
 SECTION 7.12	No Amendments to the Lease Documents	90 
 SECTION 7.13	Lease Default	90 
 SECTION 7.14	Consolidation with Any Other Person	90 
 SECTION 7.15	Limitations on Employees	91 
 SECTION 7.16	Independence of Covenants	91 
 SECTION 7.17	Funds to Repay Loans	91 
 SECTION 7.18	Sanctioned Person	91 
 ARTICLE VIII	OTHER COVENANTS	91 
 SECTION 8.01	Quiet Enjoyment	91 
 ARTICLE IX	DEFAULTS	91 
 SECTION 9.01	Events of Default	91 
 SECTION 9.02	Acceleration; Remedies	93 
 ARTICLE X	AGENCY PROVISIONS	95 
 SECTION 10.01	Appointment; Authorization	95 
 SECTION 10.02	Delegation of Duties	96 
 SECTION 10.03	Exculpatory Provisions	96 
 SECTION 10.04	Reliance on Communications	96 
 SECTION 10.05	Notice of Default	97 
 SECTION 10.06	Credit Decision; Disclosure of Information by the Agent or Collateral Agent	97 
 SECTION 10.07	Indemnification	98 
 SECTION 10.08	Agent and Collateral Agent in Their Individual Capacities	98 
 SECTION 10.09	Successor Agents	99 
 SECTION 10.10	Request for Documents	99 
 SECTION 10.11	Recovery of Erroneous Payments	99 
 ARTICLE XI	MISCELLANEOUS	100 
 SECTION 11.01	Notices and Other Communications	100 

- iii - 

Table of Contents (continued) Page 

 SECTION 11.02	No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies	101 
 SECTION 11.03	Amendments, Waivers and Consents	101 
 SECTION 11.04	Expenses	103 
 SECTION 11.05	Indemnification	104 
 SECTION 11.06	Successors and Assigns	106 
 SECTION 11.07	Confidentiality	110 
 SECTION 11.08	Set-off	111 
 SECTION 11.09	Interest Rate Limitation	111 
 SECTION 11.10	Counterparts	112 
 SECTION 11.11	Integration	112 
 SECTION 11.12	Survival of Representations and Warranties	112 
 SECTION 11.13	Severability	113 
 SECTION 11.14	Headings	113 
 SECTION 11.15	Marshalling; Payments Set Aside	113 
 SECTION 11.16	Performance by the Agent	113 
 SECTION 11.17	Third Party Beneficiaries	113 
 SECTION 11.18	No Proceedings	113 
 SECTION 11.19	Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction	114 
 SECTION 11.20	Waiver of Jury Trial	115 
 SECTION 11.21	The Patriot Act	115 
 SECTION 11.22	Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions	115 
 SECTION 11.23	Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs	116 
 SECTION 11.24	Joint and Several Obligations	117 

- iv - 

Table of Contents (continued) 

 SCHEDULES: 

Schedule A 
 - 
 Industry Concentration Chart 

Schedule 1.01 
 - 
 Lenders and Commitments 

Schedule 5.02 
 - 
 Required Consents, Authorizations, Notices and Filings 

Schedule 6.06 
 - 
 Insurance 

Schedule 6.10 
 - 
 Agreed-Upon Procedures Audit 

Schedule 11.01 
 - 
 Notice Addresses; Agent s Office 

Schedule B 
 - 
 List of Borrower Competitors 

EXHIBITS : 

Exhibit A-1 
 - 
 Form of Request 

Exhibit A-2 
 - 
 Form of Notice of Borrowing 

Exhibit A-3 
 - 
 Form of Additional Collateral Certificate 

Exhibit A-4 
 - 
 Form of Financing Notice 

Exhibit A-5 
 - 
 Form of Monthly Report 

Exhibit A-6 
 - 
 Form of Borrowing Base Certificate 

Exhibit B 
 - 
 Form of Note 

Exhibit C 
 - 
 Form of Assignment and Acceptance 

Exhibit D-1 
 - 
 Form of Opinion of Counsel for the Facility Parties and the Manager 

Exhibit D-2 
 - 
 [Reserved] 

Exhibit D-3 
 - 
 Form of Opinion of Delaware Counsel for the Collateral Agent and Depositary 

Exhibit E-1 
 - 
 Form of Security Agreement 

Exhibit E-2 
 - 
 Form of Perfection Certificate 

Exhibit E-3 
 - 
 Form of Payment Notice/Lessor Rights Notice 

Exhibit E-4 
 - 
 Form of Notice of Lease Assignment 

Exhibit F 
 - 
 Form of Depository Agreement 

Exhibit G 
 - 
 [Reserved] 

Exhibit H 
 - 
 Form of Management Agreement 

Exhibit I 
 - 
 [Reserved] 

Exhibit J-1 
 - 
 [Reserved] 

Exhibit J-2 
 - 
 [Reserved] 

Exhibit K 
 - 
 Form of Asset Contribution and Sale Agreement 

Exhibit L 
 - 
 Form of Administrative Services Agreement 

Exhibit M 
 - 
 Form of Officer s Certificate 

- v - 

WAREHOUSE LOAN AGREEMENT 
 This Warehouse Loan Agreement is dated as of April 1, 2021 and is among GBXL I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, GBXL I (CANADA) LTD., a British Columbia corporation, the banks and other lending institutions from time to time party hereto, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Agent for the Lenders, and WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, in its capacity as Collateral Agent and Depositary for the Protected Parties referred to herein. 
 The parties hereto agree as follows: 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS TC 

SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms TC . The following terms, as used herein, have the following meanings: 

A.A.R. means the Association of American Railroads, and its successors. 
 Acceptable Derivatives Agreement means one or more Derivatives Agreements with a term that extends at least until the anticipated Termination Date, in the form of any of the following, in each case with monthly settlement and having a Derivatives Percentage greater than 85.0 , but less than 115.0 on the date of such Derivatives Agreement, with such notional amount declining automatically according to a schedule which is consistent with the then anticipated principal repayments of the Loans (such that the Derivatives Percentage remains greater than 85.0 and less than 115.0 during the anticipated principal repayment period of the Loans): 
 (i) an interest rate cap agreement to be entered into at the then prevailing market rate, which for the avoidance of doubt, shall not result in any additional upfront cost to the Borrower or under the Transaction Documents; or 

(ii) any other Derivatives Agreement to be entered into at the then prevailing market rate, which for the avoidance of doubt, shall not result in any additional upfront cost to the Borrower or under the Transaction Documents, and that is approved by (1) the Agent and the Majority Lenders, in the case of a Hedging Event described in clause (i) of the definition of such term, or (2) all the Committed Lenders, in the case of a Hedging Event described in clause (ii) of the definition of such term. 

Accounts means, collectively, the Collection Account, the Maintenance Reserve Account, the Modifications and Improvements Account, the Discretionary Account, the Liquidity Fee Reserve Account, and the Liquidity Reserve Account. 
 Additional Collateral Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit A-3 hereto, with appropriate insertions and deletions or with such other changes as may be reasonably agreed to by the Agent and the Collateral Agent, and which certificate contains a description of the Railcars and related Leases which are to become Portfolio Railcars and Portfolio Leases, as the case may be. 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Adjusted Facility Amount means the quotient of (i) the Committed Amount divided by (ii) the Maximum Advance Rate (expressed as a decimal). 
 Administrative Services Agreement means the Administrative Services Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit L hereto, dated as of April 1, 2021, between the Borrower and GBX Leasing. 
 Advance Rate means, as of any Calculation Date, 
 (b) with respect to any Portfolio Railcar which is subject to a Net Lease or a Full Service Lease as of such Calculation Date, the Maximum Advance Rate; and 

(c) with respect to any Portfolio Railcar that has not been subject to a Net Lease or a Full Service Lease as of such Calculation Date for a period of: (i) less than or equal to 30 days, 72.5 ; (ii) more than or equal to 31 days and less than or equal to 60 days, 67.5 ; (iii) more than or equal to 61 days and less than or equal to 90 days, 62.5 ; (iv) more than or equal to 91 days and less than or equal to 120 days, 55.0 ; or (v) more than or equal to 121 days, 50.00 ; 

provided that, the Advance Rate with respect any Portfolio Railcar 
 (A) which is subject to clause (a) above, will continue to apply to such Portfolio Railcar until the next Calculation Date on which such Portfolio Railcar is no longer subject to a Net Lease or a Full Service Lease and (B) which is subject to clause (b) above, will continue to apply with respect to such Portfolio Railcar (subject to further adjustment, if applicable, in accordance with such clause (b)) until the next Calculation Date on which such Portfolio Railcar becomes subject to a Net Lease or a Full Service Lease. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, (i) any Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls such Person (including all directors and officers of such Person) (a Controlling Person or (ii) any other Person which is controlled by or is under common control with a Controlling Person. As used herein, the term control means (i) with respect to any Person having voting shares or their equivalent and elected directors, managers or Persons performing similar functions, the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to vote more than 50.00 of the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power of such Person, (ii) the ownership, directly or indirectly, of more than 50.00 of the Equity Interests in any Person or (iii) the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting shares or their equivalent, by contract or otherwise. 
 Agent means Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as agent for the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and its successor or successors in such capacity. 

2 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Agent s Office means the Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth and identified as such in Schedule 11.01 , or such other address and account as the Agent may from time to time notify to the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 Agreed-Upon Procedures Audit has the meaning set forth in Section 6.10(b) . 
 Aggregate FMV means, as of any date of determination with respect to any specified group of Railcars, the aggregate of the Applicable Valuations of all such Railcars (including, if Aggregate FMV is calculated on a Funding Date, any such Railcars which will become Portfolio Railcars on such Funding Date, but excluding any such Railcars which will cease to be Portfolio Railcars at the time of such determination pursuant to Section 8.12 of the Security Agreement or otherwise). 
 Agreement means this Warehouse Loan Agreement, as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.09(b) . 
 Applicable Independent Appraisal means, with respect to any Railcars, the most recent Independent Appraisal of such Railcars delivered pursuant to Section 6.10(c)(i) or (ii). 
 Applicable Law means, with reference to any Person, all laws (foreign or domestic), statutes, rulings, codes, ordinances and treaties, including the FRA and the Interchange Rules, and all judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs and orders of any court, arbitrator or other Governmental Authority, and all rules, regulations, orders, interpretations, directives, licenses and permits of any governmental body, instrumentality, agency or other regulatory authority applicable to such Person or its property or in respect of its operations, and for the avoidance of doubt shall include any Existing Law (as defined in Section 3.03(b) ). 
 Applicable Rate means for any day during any Interest Period, the sum of (a) the rate or rates set forth in the definition of Term SOFR during such Interest Period, or any Successor Rate determined in accordance with Section 2.15, plus (b) the Facility Margin plus (c) at any time after the Revolving Termination Date, the Step-Up Margin. 
 Applicable Valuation means with respect to any Railcar on any date of calculation: 
 (x)	the Depreciated Value of such Railcar on such date of calculation, if (A) the aggregate Depreciated Value of all Portfolio Railcars as of the date of the most recent Applicable Independent Appraisal of all Portfolio Railcars was less than (B) the aggregate Depreciated Purchase Price of all Portfolio Railcars as of the date of such Applicable Independent Appraisal; or 
 (y)	the Depreciated Purchase Price of such Railcar on such date of calculation, if (A) the aggregate Depreciated Purchase Price of all Portfolio Railcars as of the date of the most recent Applicable Independent Appraisal of all Portfolio Railcars was less than (B) the aggregate Depreciated Value of all Portfolio Railcars as of the date of such Applicable Independent Appraisal. 

3 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Appraised Value , with respect to any Railcar, means the amount set forth in the most recent Applicable Independent Appraisal with respect thereto as the amount, expressed in terms of currency, that may reasonably be expected for property exchanged between a willing buyer and a willing seller with equity to both, neither under any compulsion to buy or sell and both fully aware of all relevant, reasonably ascertainable facts. 
 Approved Fund means (i) with respect to any Committed Lender, an entity (whether a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust or otherwise) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and is managed by such Committed Lender or an Affiliate of such Committed Lender, (ii) with respect to any Committed Lender that is a fund that invests in bank loans and similar extensions of credit, any other fund that invests in bank loans and similar extensions of credit and is managed by the same investment advisor as such Committed Lender or by an Affiliate of such investment advisor, (iii) any Conduit Lender, and (iv) with respect to any Conduit Lender, any of its Support Parties. 
 Asset Contribution and Sale Agreement means the Asset Contribution and Sale Agreement dated as of April 1, 2021, substantially in the form of Exhibit K hereto, between GBX Leasing and the Borrower. 
 Asset Disposition means any sale, lease or other disposition by the Borrower (other than the lease of a Railcar pursuant to an Eligible Lease or Head Lease) of any Portfolio Railcar, Portfolio Lease or other item of Collateral, whether by sale, lease, transfer, Event of Loss, Condemnation or otherwise. 
 Assignment and Acceptance means an Assignment and Acceptance, substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, under which an interest of a Lender hereunder is transferred to an Eligible Assignee pursuant to Section 11.06(b) . 
 Availability Period means the period from the Closing Date to the Revolving Termination Date. 
 Available Commitment means, with respect to any Committed Lender, the aggregate of such Committed Lender s Commitment less the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Loans held by such Committed Lender (or any Conduit Lender designated by such Committed Lender) under this Agreement. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 Bank of America means Bank of America, N.A., as a Committed Lender. 

4 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Bankruptcy Code means the United States Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, as amended, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction from time to time affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certificate means a certificate regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, in substantially the form prescribed in the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Bill of Sale means a bill of sale delivered to the Borrower from the seller with respect to a Railcar and, if applicable, any related Lease in connection with the Borrower s purchase of such Railcar and related Lease from such Seller. 
 Book Value means, with respect to any Railcar, the book value of such Railcar determined in accordance with GAAP, as set forth in the books and records of the Manager as of the most recent Calculation Date. 
 Borrower means GBXL I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and its successors. 
 Borrower Change of Control means either (i) GBX Leasing shall cease to own directly 100.00 of the Equity Interests of the Borrower, or (ii) the Borrower shall cease to own directly 100.00 of the Equity Interests of the Canadian Subsidiary, each on a fully diluted basis assuming the conversion and exercise of all outstanding Equity Equivalents (whether or not such securities are then currently convertible or exercisable). 
 Borrowing means a borrowing of Loans pursuant to Section 2.01 hereof. 
 Borrowing Base means, on any date with respect to the Portfolio and calculated on an aggregate basis (after giving effect to (i) the addition to the Borrowing Base of any and all Railcars to become Portfolio Railcars on such date and (ii) the reduction of the Borrowing Base in respect of any and all Railcars that will cease to be Portfolio Railcars on such date), a Dollar amount equal to the difference of: 
 (A)	with respect to all Eligible Railcars that are Portfolio Railcars, the aggregate of: 
 (i)	the applicable Advance Rate for each Eligible Railcar that is a Portfolio Railcar; times 
 (ii)	the Applicable Valuation with respect to each such Eligible Railcar that is a Portfolio Railcar; 
 minus 
 (B)	the Excluded Assets Amount on such date. 

5 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate of the chief financial officer or chief accounting officer of each Facility Party, in the form of Exhibit A-6 hereto or such other form as may hereafter be agreed by the Borrower (and/or the Manager, as applicable) and the Agent, delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.02(b) or 6.01(d) , as applicable, and setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of the Borrowing Base as of the date required by such Sections and such other information required thereby. 
 Business Day means any day of the week, other than a Saturday or a Sunday, on which banks are open for business in London for the conduct of transactions in the London interbank market and on which commercial banks in New York City and Portland, Oregon are open for business and are not required or authorized by law, executive order or governmental decree to be closed. 
 Calculation Date means with respect to any Settlement Date, the last day of the calendar month immediately preceding such Settlement Date. 
 Canadian Subsidiary means GBXL I (Canada) Ltd., a British Columbia corporation, and its successors. 
 Capital Contributions means contributions of cash or property to the Borrower from its members. 
 Capital Lease of any Person means any lease of property (whether real, personal or mixed) by such Person as lessee which would, in accordance with GAAP, be required to be accounted for as a capital lease on the balance sheet of such Person. 
 Cash Equivalents means one or more of the following obligations which (i) are acquired at a purchase price of not greater than par, (ii) have a fixed principal amount due at maturity, if applicable, and (iii) unless full payment of principal is paid in cash upon the exercise of the option, do not include any embedded options (i.e., not callable, putable or convertible): (a) marketable direct obligations issued by, or fully and unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States Government or issued by any agency or instrumentality thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition, (b) certificates of deposit, time deposits, eurocurrency time deposits or overnight bank deposits having maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition issued by any United States commercial bank having a long-term unsecured debt rating of at least AA by S P and Aa2 by Moody s or, in substitution of Moody s if Moody s ceases publishing ratings of long-term senior unsecured debt of commercial banks, carrying an equivalent rating by another internationally recognized credit rating agency, (c) commercial paper of an issuer rated at the time of acquisition at least A-1 by S P and P-1 by Moody s or, in substitution of Moody s if Moody s ceases publishing ratings of commercial paper issuers generally, carrying an equivalent rating by an internationally recognized rating agency, and maturing within one year from the date of acquisition, (d) repurchase obligations of any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (b) of this definition, having a term of not more than 30 days, with respect to securities issued or fully guaranteed or insured by the United States Government, (e) securities with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States, by any political 

6 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 subdivision or taxing authority of any such state, commonwealth or territory or by any foreign government, the securities of which state, commonwealth, territory, political subdivision, taxing authority or foreign government (as the case may be) are rated at the time of acquisition at least A-1 by S P and P-1 by Moody s, or, in substitution of Moody s if Moody s ceases publishing ratings of such state, commonwealth, territory, political subdivision, taxing authority or foreign government , carrying an equivalent rating by an internationally recognized rating agency, (f) securities with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by a commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (b) of this definition or (g) shares of money market mutual or similar funds that are registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and operated in accordance with Rule 2a-7 thereunder and that, at the time of such investment, are rated Aaa by Moody s and AAA by S P (or carrying an equivalent rating by another internationally recognized rating agency in substitution of Moody s if Moody s ceases publishing ratings with respect to Cash Equivalents of the type described in this clause (g) or invest exclusively in assets satisfying the requirements of clauses (a) through (f) of this definition. Each rating by S P described in this definition must be an unqualified rating i.e. one with no qualifying suffix), with the exception of ratings with regulatory indicators and unsolicited ratings. 
 Cash Flow means all amounts received by or on behalf of, or credited to the Borrower from any source under or in respect of a Lease, Head Lease or otherwise from the ownership or operation of the Portfolio, including, without limitation, Monthly Rent, service charges, Manager Advances, rentals, Railroad Mileage Credits, delivery costs reimbursed by a Lessee and cancellation or penalty payments, as well as all other amounts paid under each Lease or any other Lease Document as reimbursement, indemnity, fees or commissions, or on account of assumed financial responsibility or liability or otherwise, other than Excepted Payments. 
 Casualty means any Event of Loss or other casualty, loss, damage, destruction or other similar loss with respect to any Portfolio Railcar or other item of Collateral. 
 Casualty Insurance Policy means any insurance policy maintained by or on behalf of the Borrower covering losses with respect to Casualties involving one or more Portfolio Railcars or other items of Collateral. 
 Casualty Proceeds means all proceeds under any Casualty Insurance Policy, and all other insurance proceeds, damages, awards, claims and rights of action of the Borrower with respect to any Casualty. 
 Closing Date means April 1, 2021. 
 CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate). 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor statute thereto, as interpreted by the rules and Treasury Regulations issued thereunder, in each case as in effect from time to time. Reference to particular sections of the Code shall be construed also to refer to any successor sections. 

7 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Collateral means all of the property which is subject or is purported to be subject to the Liens granted by the Collateral Documents. 
 Collateral Agent means Wilmington Trust Company in its capacity as collateral agent and representative for the Protected Parties under the Security Agreement and the Depository Agreement. 
 Collateral Deficiency means, as of any date of determination, the Dollar amount of the excess , if any, of (x) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans (less the current balance of the Liquidity Reserve Account) as of such date over (y) the Borrowing Base calculated as of such date. 
 Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Security Agreement, each Perfection Certificate, the Depository Agreement, the GLC Payment Processing Agreement, the Asset Contribution and Sale Agreement, any additional pledges, security agreements, patent, trademark or copyright filings or mortgages required to be delivered pursuant to the Loan Documents and any instruments of assignment, control agreements, lockbox letters or other instruments or agreements executed pursuant to the foregoing. 
 Collection Account means the Collection Account established by the Depositary pursuant to the Depository Agreement. 
 Commitment means, with respect to any Committed Lender, the commitment of such Committed Lender, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding of up to such Committed Lender s Commitment Percentage of the Committed Amount, to make Loans in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.01 , in each case as set forth on Schedule 1.01 or in the applicable Assignment and Acceptance as its Commitment, as any such amount may be increased or decreased from time to time pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Commitment Percentage means, for each Committed Lender, the percentage identified as its Commitment Percentage on Schedule 1.01 hereto, as such percentage may be modified in connection with any assignment made in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.06(b) . 
 Committed Amount means 450,000,000 or such lesser amount to which the Committed Amount may be reduced pursuant to Section 2.08. Notwithstanding anything in any Transaction Document to the contrary, each of the Committed Lenders agrees (i) that the Committed Amount, as of the Closing Date, will be equal to the amount specified pursuant to the preceding sentence and (ii) it will undertake such action, in accordance with Section 11.06(b), necessary so that the proportion of (A) the outstanding portion of its respective Loans to the aggregate amount of all outstanding Loans is equal to (B) its Commitment Percentage. 
 Committed Lender means a Lender listed on Schedule 1.01 and shown as having a Commitment hereunder as of the Closing Date or which thereafter acquires a Commitment hereunder in accordance with Section 11.06(b) . 
 Competitor of the Borrower means (i) a Person who either (a) is engaged in the full service railcar leasing or manufacturing business or (b) has a material non-passive investment interest (whether held directly or indirectly) in, or is otherwise an Affiliate of, a Person that is 

8 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 engaged in the full service railcar leasing or manufacturing business; provided , however , that a Person which is a commercial bank, savings institution, insurance company, trust company or national banking association or an Affiliate of any thereof, or a Person regularly engaged (or a Person which is a Subsidiary of a Person regularly engaged) in the business of acting as the lessor or equity participant in a trust or statutory trust acting as the lessor in net financial leases, in each case acting for its own account, shall be deemed not to be a Competitor of the Borrower, unless either Facility Party has notified the Agent and each Lender in writing that such Person is a Competitor of the Borrower or (ii) any of the Persons listed in Schedule B hereto or their Affiliates. 
 Condemnation means any taking of property or assets, or any part thereof or interest therein, for public or quasi-public use under the power of eminent domain, by reason of any public improvement or condemnation or in any other manner. 
 Condemnation Award means all proceeds of any Condemnation or transfer in lieu thereof with respect to any Portfolio Railcar or other item of Collateral. 
 Conduit Lender shall mean any Lender which is designated as a Conduit Lender pursuant to Section 11.06(h) . 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with Term SOFR or any proposed Successor Rate, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Term SOFR, Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities Business Day, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate, and to permit the administration thereof by the Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any indenture, loan agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, contract or other agreement, instrument or undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property or assets is bound. Contractual Obligation does not include obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
 Corporate Base Rate shall mean for any day, the higher of (i) the prime rate per annum announced from time to time by Bank of America in New York in effect on such day and (ii) the 

9 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Federal Funds Rate plus 100 basis points. (The Corporate Base Rate is not intended to represent the lowest rate charged by Bank of America for extensions of credit.) 
 Credit Exposure , as applied to each Lender, means (i) in the case of a Committed Lender at any time prior to the termination of the Commitments, the difference of (A) the Commitment Percentage of such Lender multiplied by the Committed Amount less (B) the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Loans funded by a Conduit Lender on behalf of such Committed Lender, and (ii) in the case of a Conduit Lender and in the case of a Committed Lender at any time after the termination of the Commitments, the aggregate principal balance of the outstanding Loans of such Lender. 
 Credit Obligations means, without duplication: 
 (ii) all principal of and interest (including, without limitation, any interest which accrues after the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding with respect to the Borrower, whether or not allowed or allowable as a claim under the Bankruptcy Code) on any Loan under, or any Note issued pursuant to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document; 

(iii) all fees, expenses, indemnification obligations and other amounts of whatever nature now or hereafter payable by any Facility Party (including, without limitation, any amounts which accrue after the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding with respect to such Facility Party, whether or not allowed or allowable as a claim under the Bankruptcy Code) pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; 

(iv) all expenses of the Agent and the Collateral Agent as to which the Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, has a right to reimbursement under Section 11.04 of this Agreement or under any other similar provision of any other Loan Document, including, without limitation, any and all sums advanced by the Collateral Agent to preserve the Collateral or preserve its security interests in the Collateral; and 

(v) all amounts paid by any Indemnitee as to which such Indemnitee has the right to reimbursement under Section 11.05 of this Agreement or under any other similar provision of any other Loan Document; 

together in each case with all renewals, modifications, consolidations or extensions thereof. 
 Creditor means, without duplication, each Lender, each Derivatives Counterparty, the Agent and each Indemnitee and their respective successors and assigns, and Creditors means any two or more of such Creditors. 
 Cuban Assets Control Regulations has the meaning assigned to such term in Part 515 of Title 31 of the Code of Federal Regulations. 
 Daily Simple SOFR with respect to any applicable determination date means the SOFR published on such date on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any successor source). 

10 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Debt of any Person means at any date, without duplication, (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (iii) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property purchased by such Person to the extent of the value of such property (other than customary reservations or retentions of title under agreements with suppliers entered into in the ordinary course of business), (iv) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than current accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business), (v) the capitalized amount of all Capital Leases of such Person that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, (vi) all obligations (other than obligations in respect of like kind exchanges) of such Person in respect of securities repurchase agreements or otherwise to purchase securities or other property which arise out of or in connection with the sale of the same or substantially similar securities or property, (vii) all non-contingent obligations (and, for purposes of Section 7.01 , all contingent obligations) of such Person to reimburse any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under a letter of credit, bankers acceptance or similar instrument, (viii) all obligations of others secured by (or for which the holder of such obligations has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) a Lien on, or payable out of the proceeds of production from, any property or asset of such Person, whether or not such obligation is assumed by such Person; provided that the amount of any Debt of others that constitutes Debt of such Person solely by reason of this clause (viii) shall not for purposes of this Agreement exceed the greater of the book value or the fair market value of the properties or assets subject to such Lien, (ix) all Guaranty Obligations of such Person, (x) all Disqualified Stock of such Person, (xi) all Derivatives Obligations of such Person and (xii) the Debt of any other Person (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner and any unincorporated joint venture in which such Person is a joint venturer) to the extent such Person would be liable therefor under Applicable Law or any agreement or instrument by virtue of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Debt provide that such person shall not be liable therefor. 
 Debt Service Coverage Ratio means, with respect to any Settlement Date, the ratio of: 
 (vi) the sum of the aggregate amount of 

(A) Cash Flow (other than Excepted Payments) actually collected and paid into the Collection Account, plus 

(B) interest earned under deposits in the Accounts, plus 

(C) Manager Advances, plus 

(D) amounts deposited from the Maintenance Reserve Account into the Collection Account, plus 

(E) amounts deposited from the Modifications and Improvements Account into the Collection Account, plus 

(F) amounts deposited from the Liquidity Reserve Account into the Collection Account, plus 

11 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (G) payments received by the Borrower (other than any Derivatives Termination Value) as of such Settlement Date under any Derivatives Agreement, plus 

(H) Capital Contributions in cash made to the Borrower provided , however , that (i) no more than two separate Capital Contributions in a calendar year shall be included in the calculation of the Debt Service Coverage Ratio and (ii) in any calendar year, Capital Contributions in excess of the principal and interest due on the Loans shall not be included in the calculation of the Debt Service Coverage Ratio), 

less the sum of the aggregate amount of 
 (I) operating expenses (including, without limitation, Canadian withholding taxes), plus 

(J) Manager s Fee, plus 

(K) reimbursements of Manager Advances, plus 

(L) amounts deposited in the Liquidity Reserve Account, 

in each case for each of the three most recent Measuring Periods ended on or prior to the Calculation Date immediately preceding such Settlement Date, to 
 (vii) the sum of the aggregate amount of 

(A) interest expense accrued on the Loans, plus 

(B) Liquidity Fees accrued hereunder minus any amounts deposited in the Liquidity Fee Reserve Account (not to exceed the accrued Liquidity Fees), plus 

(C) The sum, without duplication, of, with respect to each Portfolio Railcar, the product of (a) the Monthly Depreciation with respect to such Portfolio Railcar multiplied by (b) the Advance Rate with respect to such Portfolio Railcar plus 

(D) payments owed by the Borrower (other than any Derivatives Termination Value) as of such Settlement Date under any Derivatives Agreement, 

in each case for each of the three most recent Measuring Periods ended on or prior to the Calculation Date immediately preceding such Settlement Date. 
 Default means any condition or event which constitutes an Event of Default or which with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 

12 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Default Margin means 375 basis points. 
 Depositary means Wilmington Trust Company, or a successor thereto appointed pursuant to the Depository Agreement. 
 Depositary s Office means the Depositary s address as set forth and identified as such in Schedule 11.01 , or such other address as the Depositary may from time to time notify to the Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 Depository Account means the Depository Account established by the Depositary pursuant to the Depository Agreement. 
 Depository Agreement means the Depository Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto, dated as of April 1, 2021, among the Borrower, the Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Manager and the Depositary. 
 Depreciated Appraised Value means, with respect to any Portfolio Railcar at any time, an amount equal to the Appraised Value of such Portfolio Railcar minus the product of 
 (d) the Monthly Depreciation with respect to such Portfolio Railcar multiplied by 

(e) the number of Settlement Dates from and excluding the date of the then most recent Applicable Independent Appraisal with respect to such Portfolio Railcar to but including the date as of which the Depreciated Appraised Value with respect to such Portfolio Railcar is calculated. 

Depreciated Value means, with respect to any Portfolio Railcar at any time, the lesser of the Depreciated Appraised Value and Book Value for such Railcar. 
 Depreciated Purchase Price means, with respect to any Portfolio Railcar at any time, an amount equal to the Original Purchase Price of such Portfolio Railcar minus the product of 
 (f) the Monthly Depreciation with respect to such Portfolio Railcar multiplied by 

(g) the number of Settlement Dates from the date the applicable Borrower acquired such Portfolio Railcar to and including the date as of which the Depreciated Purchase Price with respect to such Portfolio Railcar is calculated. 

Derivatives Agreement means (i) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement and (ii) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or 

13 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement or any other master agreement. 
 Derivatives Counterparty means (a) any Lender or Affiliate of a Lender, or (b) any entity as approved by the Agent in its sole discretion. 
 Derivatives Notional Amount means the aggregate notional amount in effect on any day under all Derivatives Agreements entered into by the Borrower. 
 Derivatives Obligations of any Person means all obligations (including, without limitation, any amounts which accrue after the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding with respect to such Person, whether or not allowed or allowable as a claim under the Bankruptcy Code) of such Person in respect of any Derivatives Agreement, excluding any amounts which such Person is entitled to set-off against its obligations under Applicable Law. 
 Derivatives Percentage means, for any date, the quotient of (a) the Derivatives Notional Amount, as reflected in each confirmation (or such other form of documentation as may be approved by the Agent, in writing, from time to time), entered into between the Borrower and a Derivatives Counterparty (inclusive of any new Derivatives Agreements) divided by (b) the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Loans as of such date. 
 Derivatives Termination Value means, at any date after the termination of any Derivatives Agreement, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreements relating to such Derivatives Agreement, the amount payable by (in which case the amount shall be positive) or payable to (in which case the amount shall be negative), the Borrower as a result of the termination of such Derivatives Agreement. 
 Discretionary Account means the Discretionary Account established by the Depositary pursuant to the Depository Agreement. 
 Disqualified Stock of any Person means any Equity Interest of such Person which by its terms (or by the terms of any security for which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable or exercisable), or upon the happening of any event or otherwise (including an event which would constitute a Change of Control), (A) matures or is mandatorily redeemable or subject to any mandatory repurchase requirement, pursuant to a sinking fund or otherwise, (B) is convertible into or exchangeable for Debt or Disqualified Stock or (C) is redeemable or subject to any repurchase requirement arising at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the first anniversary of the Termination Date. 
 Dollars and the sign means lawful money of the United States. 
 Early Amortization Event means, as of any Settlement Date beginning with the fourth Settlement Date following the Closing Date, the Debt Service Coverage Ratio is less than 1.10 to 1.00. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA 

14 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) above, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or clause (b) above and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Eligible Assignee means (i) any Lender, (ii) any Affiliate of a Lender, (iii) any Approved Fund and (iv) any other Person (other than a natural Person) approved by the Borrower in its reasonable discretion (so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing). 
 Eligible Lease means, as of any date of determination, a Lease: 
 (i) in a form that is consistent with the Manager s customary process for negotiating leases and is consistent with the Services Standard; 

(ii) which constitutes an operating lease in accordance with GAAP; 

(iii) under which the Lessee is a Person (other than a natural Person) organized under the laws of the United States (or any state thereof or the District of Columbia), Canada (or any province thereof) or Mexico (or any state thereof), or otherwise approved in writing by the Agent as evidenced by the approval of the related Funding Package; 

(iv) which provides for payment in Dollars; 

(v) which complies with all Applicable Laws of the jurisdiction in which it was originated; 

(vi) which represents the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Lessee thereunder, is enforceable against such Lessee in accordance with its terms (subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and to general equitable principles) and was duly executed by parties having legal capacity to do so; 

(vii) which is not the subject of, and with respect to which there does not exist and are not overtly threatened, any actions, suits, investigations or legal, equitable or arbitrative or administrative proceedings against or adversely affecting any Facility Party; 

(viii) which has not been satisfied, subordinated or rescinded and remains in full force and effect; and 

15 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (ix) in respect of which the Security Agreement is effective to create a valid and perfected first priority Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent, subject only to Permitted Liens. 

Eligible Railcar means, as of any date of determination, 
 (x) a Railcar other than a Railcar which as of such date of determination, if leased, is leased to a third party pursuant to a Lease which is not an Eligible Lease; 

(xi) a Railcar in respect of which the Security Agreement is effective to create a valid and perfected first priority Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent, subject only to Permitted Liens; 

(xii) a Railcar other than a Railcar (it being understood and agreed that Railcars deemed ineligible under this clause (iii) shall be excluded from the Eligible Railcars in descending order by age, beginning with the oldest Portfolio Railcar) which, when taken together with all of the other Portfolio Railcars, causes the weighted average age (weighted by Fair Market Values) of all Eligible Railcars in the Portfolio from their respective dates of manufacture to exceed 7.5 years; and 

(xiii) a Railcar other than a Railcar with an age from its date of manufacture equal to or greater than 30 years. 

Environmental Laws means any current or future legal requirement of any Governmental Authority pertaining to (i) the protection of health, safety, and the environment, (ii) the conservation, management, damage to or use of natural resources and wildlife, (iii) the protection or use of surface water and groundwater or (iv) the management, manufacture, possession, presence, use, generation, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, release, threatened release, abatement, removal, remediation or handling of, or exposure to, any hazardous or toxic substance or material and includes, without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended by the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, 42 USC 9601 et seq., Solid Waste Disposal Act, as amended by the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 and Hazardous and Solid Waste Amendment of 1984, 42 USC 6901 et seq., Federal Water Pollution Control Act, as amended by the Clean Water Act of 1977, 33 USC 1251 et seq., Clean Air Act of 1966, as amended, 42 USC 7401 et seq., Toxic Substances Control Act of 1976, 15 USC 2601 et seq., Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 USC App. 1801 et seq., Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended, 29 USC 651 et seq., Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 USC 2701 et seq., Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986, 42 USC 11001 et seq., National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, 42 USC 4321 et seq., Safe Drinking Water Act of 1974, as amended, 42 USC 300(f) et seq., any analogous implementing or successor law, any comparable state, local and regional laws, and any amendment, rule, regulation, order or directive issued thereunder. 
 Equity Equivalents means with respect to any Person any rights, warrants, options, convertible securities, exchangeable securities, indebtedness or other rights, in each case exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into, directly or indirectly, Equity Interests of 

16 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 such Person or securities exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into Equity Interests of such Person, whether at the time of issuance or upon the passage of time or the occurrence of some future event. 
 Equity Interests means all shares of capital stock, partnership interests (whether general or limited), limited liability company membership interests, beneficial interests in a trust and any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of profits or losses, or distributions of assets, of an issuing Person, but excluding any debt securities convertible into such Equity Interests. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or any successor statute, as interpreted by the rules and regulations thereunder, all as the same may be in effect from time to time. References to sections of ERISA shall be construed also to refer to any successor sections. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
 ERISA Event means: (i) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (ii) a withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA); (iii) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent; (iv) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (v) an event or condition which might reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (vi) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Event of Default has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01 . 
 Event of Loss , with respect to any Portfolio Railcar, means any of the following events: 
 (h) during the term of any Lease with respect to such Railcar, such events with respect to such Railcar as are included in the definition of Destroyed , Event of Loss , Total Loss or any equivalent term, as the case may be, in such Lease; and 

(i) when no Lease of such Railcar is in effect, any of the following events with respect to such Railcar: 

17 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (i) loss of such Railcar or the use of such Railcar due to destruction of or damage to such Railcar or any other casualty which renders repair uneconomic or which renders such Railcar permanently unfit for normal use; 

(ii) any damage to such Railcar which gives rise to a right to receive Casualty Proceeds by the Agent or the Collateral Agent with respect to such Railcar on the basis of an actual, constructive or compromised total loss; 

(iii) the theft or disappearance of such Railcar for a period in excess of 60 consecutive days; 

(iv) the confiscation of, seizure of or taking of title to or other Condemnation of such Railcar by any Governmental Authority; or 

(v) the requisition of use of such Railcar (not involving taking of title) by any Governmental Authority, which continues for a period of more than 60 consecutive days. 

(vi) as a result of any law, rule, regulation, order or other action by the STB or other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction, use of such Railcar in the normal course of business of rail transportation is prohibited for a period of longer than 120 consecutive days. 

Excepted Payments means amounts payable to or for the benefit of the Borrower, the Manager, the Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender (or any similar party as defined and used in such Lease), including, without limitation, (i) proceeds of public liability insurance (or other liability insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Borrower for its own account) payable to or for the benefit of the Borrower or the Lessee (or governmental indemnities in lieu thereof) and (ii) any rights to enforce and collect the same, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, payments for the use of, the loss of use of, damage to, or compensation for any loss of acquisition of any Portfolio Railcar. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Excluded Assets Amount means, as of any date of determination, the sum (without duplication) of the following amounts (including in such calculation amounts in respect of Eligible Railcars which will become Portfolio Railcars on such date, but excluding amounts in respect of any Eligible Railcars which will cease to be Portfolio Railcars on or before such date pursuant to Section 8.12 of the Security Agreement or otherwise): 
 (vii) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Eligible Railcars that are covered hopper cars exceeds (y) 40.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(viii) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Eligible Railcars that are classified as tank cars exceeds (y) 60.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(ix) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Eligible Railcars used in crude oil service and frac sand service collectively exceeds (y) 35.00 of the Adjusted 

18 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Facility Amount; provided however, in the case such Eligible Railcars are subject to Leases with under 2 years remaining until scheduled expiration or Leases with Lessees (or such Lessee s direct or indirect parent) whose unsecured, unsubordinated, non-credit enhanced long-term indebtedness for money borrowed is rated lower than BBB by S P or Baa3 by Moody s, subsection (y) shall be 20.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount and in the case such Eligible Railcars are subject to Leases to B or below and unrated credits, subsection (y) shall be 5.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(x) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Eligible Railcars that are DOT 111 tank cars in flammable commodities service exceeds (y) 0.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xi) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Eligible Railcars that are DOT 117R tank cars exceeds (y) 5.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xii) the maximum amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Railcars that are leased to all Lessees categorized in any Industry Group (determined as of the commencement of each Lease) exceeds (y) an amount equal to the product of (A) the Industry Concentration Percentage for such Industry Group multiplied by (B) the Adjusted Facility Amount (provided that, to the extent that a positive amount is calculated for any Industry Group under this clause (vi) , only the highest positive amount calculated for any single Industry Group pursuant to this clause (vi) shall be deemed to be an Excluded Assets Amount under this clause (vi) and all other amounts shall be disregarded); plus 

(xiii) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Eligible Railcars of a single type not described in clauses (i), (ii) and (v) above exceeds (y) 35.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xiv) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Eligible Railcars carrying a commodity type not described in clauses (iii) and (iv) above, and (xix) through (xxvi) below exceeds (y) 40.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xv) for each single Lessee (or its direct or indirect parent) whose unsecured, unsubordinated, non-credit enhanced long-term indebtedness for money borrowed is rated at least BBB by S P or Baa3 by Moody s, the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Eligible Railcars subject to one or more Eligible Leases to such Lessee exceeds (y) 30.0 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xvi) for each single Lessee (or its direct or indirect parent) whose unsecured, unsubordinated, non-credit enhanced long-term indebtedness for money borrowed is rated at least B+, but lower than BBB , by S P or at least B1, but lower than Baa3, by Moody s, the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Eligible Railcars subject to one or more Eligible Leases to such Lessee exceeds (y) 15.0 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xvii) for each single Lessee (or its direct or indirect parent) whose unsecured, unsubordinated, non-credit enhanced long-term indebtedness for money borrowed is 

19 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 rated below B+ by S P or B1 by Moody s, the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Eligible Railcars subject to one or more Eligible Leases to such Lessee exceeds (y) 10.0 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xviii) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Eligible Railcars leased by the three Lessees who, collectively, lease Eligible Railcars having the greatest Aggregate FMV, exceeds (y) 55.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xix) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Eligible Railcars leased by the five Lessees who, collectively, lease Eligible Railcars having the greatest Aggregate FMV, exceeds (y) 65.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xx) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Eligible Railcars subject to one or more Leases to Lessees whose unsecured, unsubordinated, non-credit enhanced long-term indebtedness for money borrowed (or that of its direct or indirect parent) is (A) rated lower than BBB by S P or Baa3 by Moody s or (B) rated by neither S P nor Moody s exceeds (y) 50.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xxi) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Eligible Railcars which are leased to Lessees domiciled in Mexico exceeds (y) 15.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xxii) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Eligible Railcars which are subject to per diem Leases exceeds (y) 20.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xxiii) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Eligible Railcars which are either (A) Off-Lease as of the date of calculation or (B) subject to a Lease with a Lessee with respect to which payment obligations owed by such Lessee under such Lease, which in aggregate exceed more than 5 percent of the aggregate Monthly Rent then payable by such Lessee under such Lease, are more than 120 days past the stated due dates for such payment obligations, exceeds (y) 5.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xxiv) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Eligible Railcars with an age from their respective date of manufacture equal to or greater than 25 years exceeds (y) 5.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xxv) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Railcars used in coal service exceeds (y) 5.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xxvi) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Railcars used in crude oil service exceeds (y) 30.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xxvii) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Railcars used in frac sand service exceeds (y) 5.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

20 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (xxviii) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Railcars used in grain service exceeds (y) 45.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xxix) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Railcars used in agriculture service exceeds (y) 40.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xxx) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Railcars used in petroleum service exceeds (y) 25.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xxxi) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Railcars used in plastics service exceeds (y) 30.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xxxii) the amount by which (x) the Aggregate FMV of all Railcars used in transportation/intermodal exceeds (y) 25.00 of the Adjusted Facility Amount; plus 

(xxxiii) the Aggregate FMV of all Eligible Railcars which are, or which are subject to one or more Eligible Leases which are, subject to any Lien other than Permitted Liens; plus 

(xxxiv) the Aggregate FMV of all Eligible Railcars which otherwise fail to meet the specifications and requirements established from time to time by, or are otherwise deemed excluded from the Borrowing Base by, the Agent, in each case in its reasonable discretion and following written notice by the Agent to each Facility Party of such specifications and/or requirements or deemed exclusions. 

Facility Margin means 170 basis points. 
 Facility Party means each of the Borrower and the Canadian Subsidiary, and Facility Parties means both of the foregoing. 
 Failed Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(e) . 
 Failed Loan has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(e) . 
 Failed Loan Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(e) . 
 Fair Market Value means, with respect to any Railcar, the lesser of (i) the Depreciated Appraised Value of such Railcar and (ii) the Depreciated Purchase Price of such Railcar. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any intergovernmental agreements entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections. 
 Federal Funds Rate means for any day the rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100th of 1 equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight 

21 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (i) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (ii) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate quoted to Bank of America, N.A., on such day on such transactions as determined by the Agent. 
 Financing Notice means a notice in substantially the form of Exhibit A-4 hereto, with appropriate insertions. 
 Follow-On Lease has the meaning specified in Section 6.11 . 
 FRA means the Federal Railroad Administration Rules and Regulations, as such regulations are amended from time to time, or corresponding provisions of future regulations. 
 Full Service Lease means a Lease under which the lessor thereunder is generally obligated to perform maintenance obligations with respect to the Railcars subject thereto. 
 Funding Date means each date on which a Loan is made to the Borrower in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Funding Losses has the meaning set forth in Section 3.04 . 
 Funding Package means with respect to each Railcar: 
 (xxxv) a copy of each related Lease and each related Head Lease; 

(xxxvi) an Independent Appraisal, if required under Section 6.10 ; 

(xxxvii) the following information: 

(A) the Manufacturer, type and car number and the date of manufacture; 

(B) the Mark that is, or after acquisition by the Borrower will be applicable to such Railcar and the identity of the registered holder of such Mark; 

(C) the Lessee or proposed Lessee, if applicable, and the primary Industry in which such Railcar operates; 

(D) the seller of the Railcar and whether it is an Affiliate of the Borrower; 

(E) the proposed Purchase Price, the information on any material modifications (including, but not limited to, prospective material modifications) to the Railcar that relate to such Purchase Price and a written certification that, to 

22 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 the best of the Borrower s knowledge and belief, such proposed Purchase Price does not exceed the fair market value of the Railcar; 

(F) the terms of the Lease or proposed Lease, if any, with respect to such Railcar, including, without limitation, the terms, Monthly Rent, maintenance reserves (if any), security deposit (if any), return conditions and if requested by the Agent, non-confidential information showing the basis for the decision to enter into the applicable Lease; 

(G) if GBX Leasing or any of its Affiliates then owns or owned such Railcar at any time prior to the purchase of such Railcar by the applicable Borrower, (A) the dates of such ownership, (B) the purchase price paid by GBX Leasing and/or any such Affiliate for such Railcar and (C) such further information as the Agent may reasonably request; 

(H) search reports (or oral confirmation thereof) as of a recent date from all public offices (including, without limitation, the STB and the Office of the Registrar General of Canada) in which a filing or recording is required or would be effective to perfect a Lien on the interests of the applicable Borrower or the applicable seller in such Railcar and any related Lease; and 

(I) if such Railcar is then subject to a Lien of record of any Person, information regarding all such Liens including, but not limited to, (A) the name of such lienholder, (B) a description of the collateral granted to such lienholder to secure each such Lien and (C) the payoff amount required to satisfy each such Lien; and 

(xxxviii) evidence satisfactory to the Agent that the insurances required by this Agreement are in effect in respect of such Railcar; 

provided that to the extent one or more Lease Documents relating to a Railcar that is or is intended to be subject to a Lease that will become a Portfolio Lease on the applicable Funding Date has not been executed at the time such Funding Package is delivered to the Agent, drafts of such documents may be included in such Funding Package, and provided , further , that if drafts of the foregoing are submitted, final versions of such documents must be received by the Agent at least three days prior to the applicable Funding Date. 
 GAAP means at any time generally accepted accounting principles as then in effect in the United States, applied on a basis consistent (except for changes with which the independent public accountants of GBX have concurred) with the financial statements of GBX delivered to the Agent and each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 6.01(a) and (b) . 
 GBX means The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., an Oregon corporation, and its successors and permitted assigns. 
 GBX Leasing means GBX Leasing, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and its successors and permitted assigns. 

23 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 GLC Payment Processing Account means that certain GLC Lease Payment Processing Trust Account owned by the GLC Lease Payment Processing Trust and established with Wilmington Trust Company as identified in the GLC Payment Processing Agreement. 
 GLC Payment Processing Agreement means that certain Payment Processing Agreement dated as of July 16, 2016 (as amended, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time) among Greenbrier Leasing Company LLC, GLC Lease Payment Processing Trust, Wilmington Trust Company and the owner party thereto from to time. 
 GLC Payment Processing Agreement Severance has the meaning set forth in Section 9.02(f) . 
 GMS means Greenbrier Management Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Governmental Authority means any federal, state, local, provincial or foreign government, authority, agency, central bank, quasi-governmental or regulatory authority, court or other body or entity, and any arbitrator with authority to bind a party at law. 
 Granting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 11.06(h) . 
 Greenbrier Mark means a Mark designated GBRX, AOKX, AOK, or any other railcar Mark designation registered with the A.A.R. under the name of Borrower, Manager or their respective Affiliates. 
 Guaranty Obligation means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, any obligation (other than endorsements in the ordinary course of business of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection) guarantying, intended to guaranty, or having the economic effect of guarantying, any Debt of any other Person in any manner, whether direct or indirect, and including without limitation any obligation, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such Debt or other obligation or any property constituting security therefor, (ii) to advance or provide funds or other support for the payment or purchase of such indebtedness or obligation or to maintain working capital, solvency or other balance sheet condition of such other Person (including, without limitation, maintenance agreements, comfort letters, take or pay arrangements, put agreements or similar agreements or arrangements) for the benefit of the holder of Debt of such other Person, (iii) to lease or purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Debt or (iv) to otherwise assure or hold harmless the owner of such Debt or obligation against loss in respect thereof. The amount of any Guaranty Obligation hereunder shall (subject to any limitations set forth therein) be deemed to be an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount (or maximum principal amount, if larger) of the Debt in respect of which such Guaranty Obligation is made. 
 Head Lease means, with respect to any Railcar, a head lease entered into between the Borrower, as lessor, and Canadian Subsidiary, as lessee, and any and all supplements and amendments related thereto. 

24 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Hedging Event means: 
 (xxxix) the occurrence and continuation of any of the following at any time during the Availability Period: 

(A) on any Settlement Date, the average Term SOFR over the last 30 days commencing on such Settlement Date equals or exceeds 4.00 ; or 

(B) on any Settlement Date, the average Two Year USD Swap Rate over the last 30 days equals or exceeds 4.00 ; or 

(xl) at any time, the occurrence of any Event of Default or Manager Event of Default, or the occurrence of the Maturity Date. 

Illegality Event has the meaning specified in Section 3.02 . 
 Increased Cost has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(a) . 
 Indemnified Liabilities has the meaning set forth in Section 11.05 . 
 Indemnified Taxes has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a) . 
 Indemnitee has the meaning set forth in Section 11.05 . 
 Independent Appraisal means a document executed by an Independent Appraiser setting forth the Appraised Value of the item of equipment being appraised and the data and explanation, all in reasonable detail, supporting such Appraised Value. 
 Independent Appraiser means Railroad Appraisal Associates, or, in substitution of the foregoing appraiser, any independent railcar appraisal expert of recognized standing selected by the Borrower and consented to by the Agent, with the consent of the Majority Lenders; provided that the Agent may select such substitute in its sole discretion so long as a Default, a Manager Event of Default or an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 Industry means any industry listed in column I of Schedule A hereto. 
 Industry Concentration Percentage means, with respect to an Industry Group, the percentages listed in column II of Schedule A hereto that correspond to the Industry of such Industry Group. 
 Industry Group means Railcars that operate primarily in a particular Industry (as certified by each Facility Party in each Borrowing Base Certificate). 
 Insolvency Event means any condition or event set forth in Section 9.01(g) . 
 Interchange Rules means the interchange rules and supplements thereto promulgated by the A.A.R., as in effect from time to time. 

25 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Interest Period means (i) initially, the period from the Closing Date to the first Calculation Date following the Closing Date, and (ii) thereafter, the period from the last day of the immediately preceding Interest Period to the next succeeding Calculation Date; provided that the final Interest Period shall end on but exclude the Termination Date. 
 Investment in any Person means (i) the acquisition (whether for cash, property, services, assumption of Debt, securities or otherwise) of assets, Equity Interests, bonds, notes, debentures, time deposits or other securities of such other Person, (ii) any deposit with, or advance, loan or other extension of credit to or for the benefit of such Person (other than deposits made in connection with the purchase of equipment or inventory in the ordinary course of business) or (iii) any other capital contribution to or investment in such Person, including by way of Guaranty Obligations of any obligation of such Person, any support for a letter of credit issued on behalf of such Person incurred for the benefit of such Person or any release, cancellation, compromise or forgiveness in whole or in part of any Debt owing by such Person. 
 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 
 Lease means, with respect to any Railcar, (i) any lease entered into by the Borrower, as lessor, and any and all supplements and amendments related thereto or (ii) any such lease transferred to the Borrower pursuant to a Sale Agreement. 
 Lease Default means the occurrence of any default (other than a default which has been waived in compliance with Section 7.13 , excluding the proviso therein) under a Lease which is not or has not become, through the giving of notice and/or passage of time or otherwise, a Lease Event of Default. 
 Lease Documents means (i) each of the Leases, Notices of Lease Assignments and Sale Agreements and (ii) each other document, certificate or opinion delivered or caused to be delivered to or for the benefit of the Borrower pursuant thereto. 
 Lease Event of Default means any default (other than a default which has been waived by the Borrower) under a Lease which, through the giving of notice, the passage of time or otherwise, has become an event of default or similar term (as defined and used in such Lease) thereunder, it being the intention that a Lease Event of Default shall mean a default under a Lease as to which the cure period, if any, has expired or which has no cure period. 
 Lender means each Committed Lender, Conduit Lender and each Eligible Assignee which acquires or funds a Commitment or Loan pursuant to Section 11.06(b) or 11.06(h) , and their respective successors. 
 Lessee means any lessee under any Lease. 
 Lessee Consent means, with respect to any Lease, a consent, executed by the respective Lessee, to the assignment of such Lease to the applicable Borrower and to the grant of the 

26 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 security interest in such Lease to the Collateral Agent, in each case without any material qualifications. 
 Lessee Consent Requirements has the meaning set forth in Section 6.17 . 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of any financing statement or memorandum of lien under the Uniform Commercial Code or comparable laws of any jurisdiction), including the interest of a purchaser of accounts receivable, chattel paper, payment intangibles or promissory notes. For the avoidance of doubt, a security interest granted by a Lessee on such Lessee s leasehold interest with respect to any Railcar shall not be a Lien for purposes of this Agreement so long as such grant would not entitle the grantee to any interest in such Railcar (other than an interest in the Lessee s leasehold interest as evidenced by the Lease) under Applicable Law. 
 Liquidity Fee has the meaning set forth in Section 2.09. 
 Liquidity Fee Reserve Account means the Liquidity Fee Reserve Account established by the Depositary pursuant to the Depository Agreement. 
 Liquidity Reserve Account means the Liquidity Reserve Account established by the Depositary pursuant to the Depository Agreement. 
 Liquidity Reserve Target Amount , as calculated on any Calculation Date, means an amount equal to three (3) times the sum of (i) the aggregate interest expense payable on the Loans for the Interest Period ending on such Calculation Date (which shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) minus (ii) any amounts (other than any Derivatives Termination Value) owed to the Borrower as of the related Settlement Date under any Derivatives Agreement plus (iii) any amounts (other than any Derivatives Termination Value) owed by the Borrower as of the related Settlement Date under any Derivatives Agreement (for purposes of this calculation, the amounts referred to in clauses (ii) and (iii) shall only include amounts accruing during the Interest Period as to which the amount in clause (i) is computed). 
 Loan means a loan made under Section 2.01 . 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, the Notes and the Collateral Documents, collectively, and all other related agreements and documents issued or delivered hereunder or thereunder or pursuant hereto or thereto, in each case as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. 
 Maintenance Reserve Account means the Maintenance Reserve Account established by the Depositary pursuant to the Depository Agreement. 
 Majority Lenders means, collectively, Lenders whose aggregate Credit Exposure constitutes more than 50.00 of the Credit Exposure of all Lenders at such time; provided , that 

27 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 the Majority Lenders will consist of at least two Lenders if at the relevant time two or more Lenders are parties to this Agreement 
 Management Agreement means the Rail Equipment Services Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit H hereto, dated as of the date hereof, between the Borrower, the Canadian Subsidiary and the Manager. 
 Management Documents means the Management Agreement and the Administrative Services Agreement. 
 Manager means GMS, and its successors and permitted assigns. 
 Manager Advances means any advance (other than any advance giving rise to a Reimbursement Amount) made by the Manager (from time to time in the Manager s sole discretion) to the Borrower in respect of one or more delinquent Lease payments which the Manager reasonably determines will ultimately be recoverable to be deposited in the Collection Account on any Settlement Date or otherwise. Outstanding Manager Advances shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the rate set forth in clause (i) of the definition of the Applicable Rate and shall be repaid on each Settlement Date in the order of priority of payments set forth in the applicable provisions of Section 2.07(c) . 
 Manager Event of Default means a Manager Termination Event as defined in the Management Agreement. 
 Manager s Fee means as of any Settlement Date an amount equal to (i) the Reimbursable Amounts and (ii) either (a) compensation payable to Manager pursuant to Section 7(A) of the Management Agreement, without giving effect to any adjustment, amendment or other modification thereto not expressly approved in writing by the Agent (acting with the prior written consent of the Majority Lenders), if the Manager is GMS or one of its Affiliates or (b) the Monthly Rent actually collected under each Portfolio Lease by the Manager on behalf of the Company for such calendar month multiplied by either (x) 5.0 or (y) such other percentage as may be agreed among the Successor Manager, the Borrower and each of the Committed Lenders, if the Manager is not GMS, the Agent or one of their Affiliates. 
 Manufacturer means the relevant manufacturer of each Railcar. 
 Margin Stock means margin stock as such term is defined in Regulation U. 
 Market Disruption Event has the meaning set forth in Section 3.05 . 
 Marks means identification marks of Railcars. 
 Material Adverse Effect means, with respect to any Facility Party, any event or circumstance which will have a material adverse effect, individually or in the aggregate with other events or circumstances, on (i) the operations, business, properties or condition (financial or otherwise) of any Facility Party (after taking into account any applicable insurance and any applicable indemnification (to the extent the provider of such insurance or indemnification has the financial ability to support its obligations with respect thereto and is not disputing or refusing 

28 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 to acknowledge the same)), considered either individually or as a whole, (ii) the ability of any Facility Party to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby to occur on the Closing Date, (iii) the ability of any Facility Party to perform any of its obligations under any Transaction Document, (iv) the validity or enforceability of the rights and benefits of the Lenders under any Transaction Document, (v) the collectability of all or a material portion of the receivables originated by, or transferred to, such Person or the collections or related rights related thereto or any other Collateral, or (vi) the ability of the Manager, or any replacement or successor to it, to service or administer the Railcars, receivables, collections or related security. 
 Maturity Date means the date that is the second anniversary of the Revolving Termination Date. 
 Maximum Advance Rate means, as of any date of calculation, 72.5 . 
 Measuring Period , as determined with respect to any Settlement Date, means the period from the second preceding Calculation Date to the then most recent Calculation Date. 
 Modifications and Improvements Account means the Modifications and Improvements Account established by the Depositary pursuant to the Depository Agreement. 
 Monthly Depreciation means with respect to any Measuring Period, the aggregate depreciation expense of the Borrower for such Measuring Period in respect of the Portfolio Railcars, calculated for each such Portfolio Railcar as the product of (i)(a) from the Closing Date until the Revolving Termination Date, 0.214 and (b) for the period from the Revolving Termination Date until the Maturity Date, 0.417 and (ii) the Original Purchase Price for such Portfolio Railcar based upon the Original Purchase Price therefor paid by the Borrower (in the case of Portfolio Railcars purchased by the Borrower from a seller other than GBX Leasing or an Affiliate thereof) or GBX Leasing (in the case of Portfolio Railcars transferred to the Borrower under the Asset Contribution and Sale Agreement). 
 Monthly Rent means the aggregate amount of monthly Basic Rent payments (or other similar term used to describe scheduled monthly payments) actually paid by each Lessee under the applicable Lease plus the aggregate amount (if any) applied from Security Deposits to cover such Basic Rent payments; provided that if any Lease requires scheduled payments of rent other than on a monthly basis, an amount of such rent shall be allocated to each month on a pro rata basis for the purpose of determining the aggregate amount of Monthly Rent . 
 Monthly Report means a report by the Manager in substantially the form of Exhibit A-5 hereto or such other form as may hereafter be agreed by the Majority Lenders, the Manager and the Agent, with appropriate insertions, or with such other non-material changes as may be reasonably agreed to by the Agent. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its successors. 
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to 

29 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 Net Cash Proceeds means: 
 (xli) with respect to any Asset Disposition (other than pursuant to a Securitization), (A) the gross amount of cash proceeds (including Casualty Proceeds and Condemnation Awards in the case of any Event of Loss or Condemnation) actually paid to or actually received by the Borrower in respect of such Asset Disposition (including any cash proceeds received as income or other proceeds of any noncash proceeds of any Asset Disposition as and when received), less (B) the sum of (x) the amount, if any, of all Taxes (other than income Taxes) (to the extent that the amount of such Taxes shall have been set aside for the purpose of paying such Taxes when due), and customary fees, brokerage fees, commissions, costs and other expenses (excluding all such fees, brokerage fees, commissions, costs and other expenses payable to any Affiliates of the Borrower other than as reimbursement for such amounts incurred for the benefit of the Borrower and paid by such Affiliates to unrelated third parties on behalf of the Borrower) that are incurred in connection with such Asset Disposition and are payable by the Borrower, but only to the extent not already deducted in arriving at the amount referred to in clause (i)(A) above, plus (y) appropriate amounts that must be set aside as a reserve in accordance with GAAP against any liabilities associated with such Asset Disposition; and 

(xlii) with respect to any Securitization, the gross amount of cash proceeds paid to or received by the Borrower in respect of the closing of such Securitization, net of underwriting discounts and commissions or placement fees, investment banking fees, legal fees, consulting fees, accounting fees and other customary fees and expenses directly incurred by the Borrower in connection therewith (other than those payable to any Affiliate of the Borrower). 

Net Lease means a Lease under which the lessee thereunder is generally obligated to perform maintenance obligations with respect to the Railcars subject thereto. 
 Non-U.S. Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(d) . 
 Note means a promissory note, substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, evidencing the obligation of the Borrower to repay outstanding Loans, as such note may be amended, modified, supplemented, extended, renewed or replaced from time to time. 
 Notice of Borrowing means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto. 
 Notice of Lease Assignment means a Notice of Lease Assignment, substantially in the form of Exhibit E-4 hereto. 
 Obligations means, at any date, (i) all Credit Obligations and (ii) all Derivatives Obligations of the Borrower owed or owing to any Derivatives Counterparty. 

30 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. 
 Off-Lease means, with respect to any Railcar, a Railcar that has not been subject to a Lease for sixty (60) days or more and is not subject to a binding lease proposal or letter of intent. 
 On-Lease means, with respect to any Railcar, any Railcar that is not Off-Lease. 
 Organization Documents means: (i) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws; (ii) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate of formation and operating agreement (or articles of organization, as the case may be); and (iii) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation with the secretary of state or other department in the state or other jurisdiction of its formation, in each case as amended from time to time. 
 Original Purchase Price means, with respect to any Railcar at any time, the original purchase price of such Railcar paid by the Borrower (in the case of Railcars purchased by the Borrower from a seller other than GBX Leasing) or GBX Leasing (in the case of Railcars transferred to the Borrower under the Asset Contribution and Sale Agreement). 
 Other Taxes has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(b) . 
 Part or Parts means all appliances, parts, instruments, appurtenances, accessories, furnishings and other equipment of whatever nature, which may from time to time be installed on, incorporated in or attached to, a Railcar and, so long as such items remain subject to this Agreement, all such items which are subsequently removed therefrom and which are owned by the Borrower. 
 Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 11.06(e) . 
 Patriot Act means the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
 Payment Notice/Lessor Rights Notice has the meaning set forth in the Form of Payment Notice/Lessor Rights Notice in the form of Exhibit E-3 hereto. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA or any entity succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA. 
 Pension Plan means an employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a multiple employer or other plan described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made contributions at any time during the immediately preceding five plan years. 

31 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Perfection Certificate means a certificate, substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2 to this Agreement, completed and supplemented with the schedules and attachments contemplated thereby to the satisfaction of the Agent and duly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 Permit means any license, permit, franchise, right or privilege, certificate of authority or order, or any waiver of the foregoing, issued or issuable by any Governmental Authority. 
 Permitted Liens means with respect to any Portfolio Railcar: (i) the Liens granted by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent under the Loan Documents; (ii) the respective rights of a Lessee under the Lease with respect to such Portfolio Railcar (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the rights of any sublessee of the Lessee, to the extent such sublease was entered into in accordance with the Lease); (iii) the rights of Canadian Subsidiary under a Head Lease with respect to such Portfolio Railcar; (iv) Liens for Taxes payable by the Borrower either not yet due or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted so long as (x) such proceedings do not involve any imminent danger of the sale, forfeiture or loss of such Portfolio Railcar or any interest therein and (y) adequate reserves (maintained on a fleet-wide basis for all Railcars owned by GBX and its Subsidiaries) have been established in accordance with GAAP with respect to such Taxes; (v) materialmen s, suppliers , mechanics , workmen s, repairmen s, employees or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business for amounts the payment of which is either not yet delinquent or is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted so long as (x) such proceedings do not involve any imminent danger of the sale, forfeiture or loss of such Portfolio Railcar or any interest therein and (y) adequate reserves (maintained on a fleet-wide basis for all Railcars owned by GBX and its Subsidiaries) have been established in accordance with GAAP with respect to such amounts; (vi) Liens arising out of judgments or awards against the Borrower that do not give rise to any Default or Event of Default and with respect to which there shall have been secured a stay of execution pending such appeal or review; and (vii) customary salvage and similar rights of insurers under policies of insurance maintained with respect to the Collateral. 
 Person means an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a limited liability company, a trust or an unincorporated association or any other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof. 
 Physical Inspection Report means with respect to each Railcar, a physical inspection report of an independent inspector mutually acceptable to the Borrower and the Agent, which report shall set forth, among other things, any material unrepaired damage or maintenance deficiencies and the total number of hours and miles with respect to such Railcar. 
 Portfolio means, collectively, all of the Portfolio Railcars and the Portfolio Leases. 
 Portfolio Lease means a Lease with respect to a Portfolio Railcar. 
 Portfolio Railcar means a Railcar which is owned by the Borrower and which has been funded in whole or in part by a Loan hereunder or included as a Replacement Railcar or otherwise added to the Portfolio in accordance with Section 2.02(a) and not released from the Lien of the Security Agreement pursuant to Section 8.12 of the Security Agreement or otherwise. 

32 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Prohibited Nations Acts means the Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 U.S.C. app. 1-44 (2006), the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1701- 1707 (2006), the USA Patriot Act, the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity Act (Helms-Burton Act), Pub. L. No. 104-114, 110 Stat. 785 (1996), related regulations issued by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State, including the Cuban Assets Control Regulations in each case as may be amended or updated from time to time, and any similar acts or governmental actions of the United States to the extent applicable (including but not limited to economic or financial sanctions, sectoral sanctions, trade embargoes and anti-terrorism laws). 
 Protected Party means, without duplication, the Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Depository, each Creditor, each Support Party and any participant, successor or permitted assign of any thereof. 
 Purchase Price means, with respect to any Railcar, the aggregate purchase price payable by the Borrower under the applicable Sale Agreement for such Railcar, as such purchase price is certified in the applicable Request. 
 Railcar means a covered hopper car, tank car, boxcar, flat car or other railcar or unit of railroad rolling stock (other than a locomotive), including (i) any and all Parts relating thereto and (ii) any Replacement Railcars and any and all Parts relating thereto, together with any and all accessions, additions, improvements and replacements from time to time incorporated or installed in any item thereof and together with all options, warranties, service contracts, program services, test rights, maintenance rights, support rights, improvement rights and indemnifications relating to any of the foregoing. 
 Railcar Documentation means with respect to each Railcar, (i) the documents (including microfilm), data, manuals, diagrams and other written information originally furnished by the Manufacturer and/or the seller thereof on or about the relevant Funding Date, (ii) the documents, records, logs and other data maintained (or required to be maintained) in respect of the Railcars pursuant to the terms of Leases related to such Railcars during the term of such Leases, (iii) the documents, records, logs and other data maintained (or required to be maintained) in respect of the Railcars pursuant to any Applicable Law and (iv) the documents, records, logs and other data maintained (or recommended to be maintained) in respect of the Railcars pursuant to the applicable Manufacturer s recommendations. 
 Railroad Mileage Credits means the mileage credit payments made by the railroads under their applicable tariffs to the owner of the Marks on the Railcar. 
 Register has the meaning set forth in Section 11.06(d) . 
 Regulation O, T, U or X means Regulation O, T, U or X, respectively, of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as amended, or any successor regulation. 
 Reimbursable Amounts has the meaning given to the term Operating Expenses in the Management Agreement. 
 Reimbursement Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.07(c)(i) . 

33 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 Replacement Railcar means (i) with respect to any Lease, a Railcar that qualifies under the terms of such Lease to replace a Railcar subject to such Lease and to thereby become a car as defined in such Lease and (ii) with respect to any Railcars not subject to a Lease, a Railcar or Railcars having (in the aggregate), in the reasonable judgment of the Manager, a Depreciated Purchase Price, age and utility at least equal to, and being in at least as good an operating and maintenance condition as, and having been maintained in a substantially similar or better manner as, the Railcar being replaced (assuming that such Railcar had been maintained in accordance with this Agreement). 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30-day notice period has been waived. 
 Request means a Request in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A-1 , with appropriate insertions, or with such other changes as may be reasonably agreed to by the Agent. 
 Required Time Period means: 
 (xliii) in respect of any Hedging Event listed in clauses (i)(A) or (i)(B) of the definition thereof, the period of 20 Business Days from (but excluding) the Settlement Date on which such event occurs; and 

(xliv) in respect of any Hedging Event listed in clause (ii) of the definition thereof, the period of 10 Business Days from (but excluding) the date such event occurs. 

Rescindable Amount has the meaning as defined in Section 2.16(b). 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means with respect to any Facility Party, the president, any vice president, chief financial officer, treasurer or assistant treasurer of such Facility Party (or, in the case of a Facility Party which is a partnership, limited liability company or trust, any such officer of the general partner, manager, trustee or Person performing similar management functions in respect thereof). Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Facility Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Facility Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Facility Party. 
 Restricted Payment means (i) any dividend or other distribution, direct or indirect, on account of any class of Equity Interests or Equity Equivalents of the Borrower, now or hereafter outstanding, (ii) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any class of Equity Interests or Equity Equivalents of the Borrower, now or hereafter outstanding, (iii) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire any class of Equity 

34 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Interests or Equity Equivalents of the Borrower, now or hereafter outstanding, and (iv) any loan, advance, tax sharing payment or indemnification payment to, or investment in, any Affiliate of the Borrower. 
 Revolving Termination Date means the earlier of (i) September 7, 2027, or such later date to which the Revolving Termination Date may have been extended pursuant to Section 2.08 , (ii) unless waived by the Majority Lenders, the date on which a Manager Event of Default has occurred provided , however , if the applicable Manager Event of Default requires that a condition exist for fewer than 30 days prior to the occurrence of such Manager Event of Default, the Revolving Termination Date shall not occur until 30 days have elapsed from the first date on which such condition existed), or (iii) such earlier date upon which the Commitments shall have been terminated in their entirety in accordance with this Agreement. 
 S P means Standard Poor s Ratings Services, a division of McGraw Hill Financial, a New York corporation, and its successors. 
 Sale Agreement means, with respect to any Railcar and related Lease, if applicable, the Asset Contribution and Sale Agreement, or such other agreement or agreements, in each case in form and substance acceptable to the Agent in its reasonable discretion, between the applicable seller thereof and the applicable Borrower as shall provide for the purchase of such Railcar and related Lease, if applicable, by the applicable Borrower. 
 Sanctioned Person means: (a) any Person that is, or is majority owned or Controlled by Persons that are, the subject of Sanctions; (b) a legal entity that is deemed by OFAC to be a Sanctions target based on the ownership of such legal entity by Sanctioned Persons; or (c) any other Person with whom a U.S. Person may not engage in transactions under any Prohibited Nations Act in the absence of general or specific governmental authorization. 
 Sanctions has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.23 . 
 Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(b). 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Securitization means any asset-backed offering sponsored by the Borrower, GBX and/or their Affiliates, and involving all or any of the Portfolio Railcars and Portfolio Leases. 
 Security Agreement means the Security Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit E-1 hereto, dated as of April 1, 2021, between the Borrower, the Collateral Agent and the Agent. 
 Security Deposit means any cash held by or for the benefit of the Borrower as a security deposit (or other similar term) pursuant to any Lease. 
 Services Standard has the meaning assigned to such term in the Management Agreement. 

35 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Settlement Date means the 20th calendar day of each calendar month; provided that if such day is not a Business Day, the applicable Settlement Date shall be the next succeeding Business Day. 
 SOFR with respect to any Business Day means the secured overnight financing rate published for such day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any successor source) at approximately 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the immediately succeeding Business Day and, in each case, that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
 Solvent means, with respect to any Person as of a particular date, that on such date (i) such Person is able to pay its debts and other liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the normal course of business, (ii) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person s ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature in their ordinary course, (iii) such Person is not engaged in a business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in a business or a transaction, for which such Person s assets would constitute unreasonably small capital after giving due consideration to the prevailing practice in the industry in which such Person is engaged or is to engage, (iv) the fair value of the assets of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including, without limitation, contingent liabilities, of such Person and (v) the aggregate fair saleable value (i.e., the amount that may be realized within a reasonable time, considered to be six months to one year, either through collection or sale at the regular market value, conceiving the latter as the amount that could be obtained for the assets in question within such period by a capable and diligent businessman from an interested buyer who is willing to purchase under ordinary selling conditions) of the assets of such Person will exceed its debts and other liabilities (including contingent, subordinated, unmatured and unliquidated debts and liabilities). For purposes of this definition, debt means any liability on a claim, and claim means (i) a right to payment, whether or not such a right is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured or unsecured, or (ii) a right to an equitable remedy for breach of performance if such breach gives rise to a payment, whether or not such right is an equitable remedy, is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, secured or unsecured. 
 STB means the United States Surface Transportation Board and its successors. 
 Step-Up Margin means, on the Revolving Termination Date, a rate per annum equal to 50 basis points, which will increase cumulatively by an additional 50 basis points on each anniversary thereof. 
 Subsidiary means with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association or other business entity of which (i) if a corporation, more than 50.00 of the total voting power of stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof, or (ii) if a partnership, limited liability company, association or business entity other than a corporation, more than 50.00 of the partnership or other similar ownership 

36 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 interests thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof. For purposes hereof, a Person or Persons shall be deemed to have more than 50.00 ownership interest in a partnership, limited liability company, association or other business entity if such Person or Persons shall be allocated more than 50.00 of partnership, association or other business entity gains or losses or shall be or control the managing director, manager or a general partner of such partnership, association or other business entity. 
 Successor Manager has the meaning set forth in the Management Agreement. 
 Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(b). 
 Supplemental Manager s Fee means the compensation payable to Manager pursuant to Section 7(B) and Section 7(C) of the Management Agreement. 
 Support Facility shall mean any liquidity or credit support agreement or other facility with a Conduit Lender which relates, either generally or specifically, to this Agreement (including any agreement to purchase an assignment of or participation in, or to make loans or other advances in respect of, Notes or Loans). 
 Support Party shall mean any bank, insurance company or other entity extending or having a commitment to extend funds to or for the account of a Conduit Lender (including by agreement to purchase an assignment of or participation in, or to make loans or other advances in respect of, Notes or Loans) under a Support Facility. 
 Taxes has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01 . 
 Term SOFR means, with respect to any Interest Period or portion thereof, (i) with respect to the aggregate principal amount of the Loans outstanding as of the first day of such Interest Period, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate with a term equivalent to such Interest Period on the day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; and (ii) with respect to the outstanding principal amount of any Loan made during such Interest Period, from the related Funding Date until and including the last day of such Interest Period, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate with one month tenor on the day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Funding Date; provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, for such Interest Period; provided that if the rates referenced above are not available or not established for any reason for any Interest Period, Term SOFR shall equal the Corporate Base Rate for each day during such Interest Period; provided further that if Term SOFR determined in accordance with the foregoing would otherwise be less than zero, Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Term SOFR Replacement Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(b). 
 Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Agent) and published on the applicable 

37 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Agent from time to time). 
 Termination Date means the date on which all outstanding Credit Obligations of the Borrower have been repaid in full, the Revolving Termination Date has occurred and all Commitments have been terminated. 
 Transaction Documents means the Loan Documents and the Management Documents, collectively. 
 Treasury Regulations means the regulations, including temporary and proposed regulations, promulgated by the United States Department of Treasury with respect to the Code, as such regulations are amended from time to time, or corresponding provisions of future regulations. 
 Two Year USD Swap Rate means, on any Settlement Date, the rate calculated by the Agent on such Settlement Date as the fixed rate which would be payable by a fixed rate payer (exclusive of credit spreads) in exchange for floating rate payments equal to Term SOFR under a two-year United States Dollar interest rate swap agreement, with monthly settlement, having a notional amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Loans on such Settlement Date. 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 United States means the United States of America, including the States and the District of Columbia but excluding its territories and possessions. 
 Unused Committed Amount means, as of any date of determination, the amount by which (i) the then applicable Committed Amount exceeds (ii) the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Loans as of such date. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable. 
 U.S. Person means: (a) a U.S. citizen, (b) a U.S. resident, (c) an individual or entity located in the United States, (d) an entity organized under U.S. law, or (e) an entity owned or controlled by any of the above. 

38 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means: 
 (a)	with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 (b)	with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable UK Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 SECTION 1.02 Computation of Time Periods and Other Definitional Provisions TC . For purposes of computation of periods of time hereunder, the word from means from and including and the words to and until each mean to but excluding . All references to time herein shall be references to Eastern Standard time or Eastern Daylight time, as the case may be, unless specified otherwise. References in this Agreement to Articles, Sections, Schedules, Appendices or Exhibits shall be to Articles, Sections, Schedules, Appendices or Exhibits of or to this Agreement unless otherwise specifically provided. Unless the context otherwise requires, a reference to any agreement or other contract includes supplements, modifications or amendments thereto. The definitions in Section 1.01 shall apply equally to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. 

ARTICLE II THE CREDIT FACILITY TC 

SECTION 2.01 Commitment to Lend TC . (a) Each Committed Lender severally agrees, subject to the Agent s determination that the terms and conditions of Sections 2.02 and 4.02 applicable to any Funding Date have been (i) satisfied or, (ii) solely to the extent permitted by the last sentence of this clause (a) temporarily waived by the Agent, which waiver shall last for a period of no longer than 5 Business Days, or, (iii) in all other cases, waived by the Agent and all of the Lenders, and on the other terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, to make Loans to the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.01 on each Funding Date during the Availability Period in order to fund the acquisition of Railcars and related Leases by the Borrower on such Funding Date. The Loans advanced on any Funding Date with respect to any Railcars and related Leases shall not: 

(i) in the case of any Committed Lender, exceed (after giving effect to all Loans of such Committed Lender and any Conduit Lender designated by such Committed Lender repaid concurrently with the making of such Loans) its Available Commitment; 

(ii) exceed the lesser of (A) the Unused Committed Amount and (B) the sum of 

39 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (1) the product of: 

(x)	the Maximum Advance Rate, or up to 100.00 if the aggregate amount of the Loans which would be outstanding, after giving effect to the Loans to be advanced on such Funding Date is equal to or less than the Borrowing Base; and 
 (y)	the Aggregate FMV with respect to all the Eligible Railcars to be added to the Portfolio on such Funding Date and that are On-Lease Railcars on such Funding Date; plus 
 (2) the product of: 

(x)	65.00 , or up to 100.00 if the aggregate amount of the Loans which would be outstanding, after giving effect to the Loans to be advanced on such Funding Date is equal to or less than the Borrowing Base; and 
 (y)	the Aggregate FMV with respect to all the Eligible Railcars to be added to the Portfolio on such Funding Date and that are Off-Lease Railcars on such Funding Date; or 
 (iii) when added to the aggregate amount of the Loans then outstanding (after giving effect to all Loans repaid concurrently with the making of such Loans), exceed the lesser of (A) the Committed Amount and (B) the Borrowing Base (after giving effect to the addition to and/or removal of the respective Aggregate FMV of any Eligible Railcars to be added to or removed from the Portfolio on such Funding Date). 

Each Borrowing shall be in a minimum aggregate principal amount of 5,000,000, in the case of the first Borrowing hereunder, or 1,000,000, in the case of subsequent Borrowings, and shall be made from the several Committed Lenders ratably in proportion to their respective Commitments. The Lenders have no obligation to make any Loan hereunder except as expressly set forth in this Agreement. Within the foregoing limits, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01 , repay, or, to the extent permitted by Section 2.07 , prepay, Loans and reborrow under this Section 2.01 . In connection with the transactions on any Funding Date, the Agent may in its sole discretion grant the Borrower a temporary waiver for a specified period of time (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall last for a period of no longer than 5 Business Days) to perform its obligations under clauses (i) or (ii) of the penultimate sentence of clause (c) of Section 2.02 and to fulfill the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than clauses (a), (b) , (c) , (d) , (f) , (g) , (j), or (k) thereof). 
 (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement which requires Borrowings to be made from the Committed Lenders (or from their related Conduit Lenders) ratably in proportion to the respective Commitments of such Committed Lenders, or which requires payments of principal and interest on the Loans to be made and allocated, or Loans to be continued or converted, based on Commitment Percentages rather than outstanding principal amounts: 

40 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (i) if, as a result of any increase in a Committed Lender s Commitment, its Commitment Percentage is greater than the percentage which the Loans of such Committed Lender and its related Conduit Lenders constitutes of the aggregate outstanding Loans of all Lenders, then any further Borrowing will be made from such Committed Lender and its related Conduit Lenders on a non-pro-rata basis until their outstanding Loans constitute the same percentage of all the outstanding Loans as such Committed Lender s Commitment Percentage, 

(ii) payments of principal and interest on the Loans will be made to the Lenders according to the respective outstanding principal amounts of such Loans, and 

(iii) outstanding Loans will be continued and converted according to their outstanding principal amounts rather than the Committed Percentages of the applicable Lenders. 

SECTION 2.02 Procedures for Borrowing TC . 

(a) Requests; Delivery of Funding Packages . The Borrower may from time to time provide the Agent with a Request, signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, to add additional Railcars and related Leases to the Portfolio. Concurrent with the delivery of the Request, the Borrower shall deliver to the Agent the Funding Package for each such Railcar. The Borrower shall also set forth in such Request for each Lease in effect prior to the proposed Funding Date, a statement that, to the knowledge of the Facility Parties, (i) the Lessee has made rent payments on time (giving effect to any applicable grace periods) under such Lease or, if not, a description of any late payments of which any Facility Party is aware during the one-year period (or shorter period, if the term of such Lease commenced less than one year prior to the date of such Request) prior to the date of such Request and a summary description of any earlier such defaults, if any, of which any Facility Party is aware and (ii) no Lease Event of Default under such Lease has occurred and is continuing of which any Facility Party is aware. The Borrower shall supplement the Request with whatever additional information the Agent reasonably requests about the proposed transaction. 

(b) Notice of Borrowings . The applicable Borrower may, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, borrow Loans in respect of each Railcar and related Lease identified in a Request which is an Eligible Railcar and/or Eligible Lease, as applicable. In such event, the applicable Borrower shall give the Agent a Notice of Borrowing not later than 12:00 P.M. on the second Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Funding Date, specifying: 

(i) the proposed Funding Date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day no earlier than 5 Business Days (unless otherwise approved by the Agent) following receipt by the Agent of the Request and a complete Funding Package with respect to each Railcar; 

(ii) the aggregate amount of the Borrowing to be made on such Funding Date; and 

41 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (iii) a description of the Eligible Railcars to be financed and the Eligible Lease(s) to be pledged on such Funding Date (which may be by cross reference to or attachment of the related Request); 

and attaching a pro forma Borrowing Base Certificate giving effect to all Loans requested pursuant to such Notice of Borrowing and the pledge of all Railcars and Leases to be added to the Portfolio on the proposed Funding Date. The Agent shall deliver to all Committed Lenders a copy of the Funding Package with respect to all Railcars funded on any Funding Date within 10 Business Days after such Funding Date. 
 SECTION 2.03 Notice to Lenders; Funding of Loans TC . 

(a) Notice to Lenders . Upon receipt of a Notice of Borrowing, the Agent shall promptly deliver to each Committed Lender (i) a Financing Notice notifying such Committed Lender of such Funding Date and of such Committed Lender s ratable share of the Loans referred to therein and (ii) the pro forma Borrowing Base Certificate delivered by the applicable Borrower to the Agent pursuant to Section 2.02(b) . 

(b) Funding of Loans . Not later than 11:00 A.M. on the applicable Funding Date, each Lender shall make available or instruct (followed by diligent attention to such instruction until such time as the Agent shall have received such Loan) its correspondent bank, if any, to make available its share of such Borrowing, in Federal or other immediately available funds, to the Depositary at the Depositary s Office. Unless the Agent determines that any applicable condition specified in Article IV has not been satisfied or waived, the Agent shall, by 2:30 P.M., instruct the Depositary to make the amount of such Borrowing available to the applicable Borrower at the general deposit account in the United States designated by the Borrower in immediately available funds in a wire transfer. In the event that the conditions as set forth in Section 4.02 for such Loan are not satisfied or waived on the applicable Funding Date, the Agent shall instruct the Depositary to return to the Lenders their respective Loans advanced pursuant to this Section 2.03 . 

A Notice of Borrowing, once delivered to the Agent, shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower. Following such Notice of Borrowing, the applicable Borrower shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or expense incurred by such Lender as a result of any failure to fulfill, on or before the proposed Funding Date specified in the Notice of Borrowing, the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 , including any loss, cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or re-employment of deposits or such funds acquired by the Lenders to fund the Loans to be made pursuant to this Section 2.03(b) . Any such loss, cost or expense shall be paid in accordance with Section 2.07(c) after any Lender shall have furnished to the Borrower and the Agent, with reasonable supporting calculations, a notice specifying the amounts thereof. 
 (c) Funding by the Agent in Anticipation of Amounts Due from the Lenders . Unless the Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Depositary such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available to the Depositary on the Funding Date of such Loan in accordance with subsection (b) of this Section, and the Agent may, 

42 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 in reliance upon such assumption, instruct the Depositary to make available to the applicable Borrower on such date a corresponding amount on the Agent s behalf. If and to the extent that such Lender shall not have so made such share available to the Depositary, such Lender and the applicable Borrower (if and to the extent such corresponding amount was made available by the Agent hereunder) severally agree to repay to the Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount, together with interest thereon for each day from the date such amount is made available to the applicable Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Agent at (i) a rate per annum equal to the higher of the Federal Funds Rate and the rate set forth in clause (i) of the definition of the Applicable Rate, in the case of the Borrower, and (ii) the Federal Funds Rate, in the case of such Lender. If such Lender shall repay to the Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement. 

(d) Obligations of Lenders Several . The failure of any Lender to make a Loan required to be made by it as part of any Borrowing hereunder shall not relieve any other Committed Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make any Loan on the Funding Date of such Borrowing, but, except as otherwise provided in Section 11.06(h), no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make the Loan to be made by such other Lender on such Funding Date. 

(e) Failed Loans . If any Committed Lender (in such capacity, a Failed Lender shall fail to make any Loan (a Failed Loan , and the amount of such Failed Loan, the Failed Loan Amount which such Committed Lender is otherwise obligated hereunder to make to the Borrower on the Funding Date of any Borrowing and the Agent shall not have received notice from the Borrower or such Committed Lender that any condition precedent to the making of the Failed Loan has not been satisfied, then, until such Committed Lender shall have made or be deemed to have made (pursuant to the last sentence of this subsection (e) the Failed Loan in full or the Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower or such Committed Lender that any condition precedent to the making of the Failed Loan was not satisfied at the time the Failed Loan was to have been made, whenever the Agent shall receive any amount from the Borrower for the account of such Committed Lender, (i) the amount so received (up to the amount of such Failed Loan) will, upon receipt by the Agent, be deemed to have been paid to the Committed Lender in satisfaction of the obligation for which paid, without actual disbursement of such amount to the Committed Lender, (ii) the Committed Lender will be deemed to have made the same amount available to the Agent for disbursement as a Loan to the Borrower (up to the amount of such Failed Loan) and (iii) the Agent will disburse such amount (up to the amount of the Failed Loan) to the Borrower or, if the Agent has previously made such amount available to the Borrower on behalf of such Committed Lender pursuant to the provisions hereof, reimburse itself (up to the amount made available to the Borrower); provided , however , that the Agent shall have no obligation to disburse any such amount to the Borrower or otherwise apply it or deem it applied as provided herein unless the Agent shall have determined in its sole discretion that to so disburse such amount will not violate any law, rule, regulation or requirement applicable to the Agent. Upon any such disbursement by the Agent, such Committed Lender shall be deemed to have made a Loan to the applicable Borrower in satisfaction, to the extent thereof, of such Committed Lender s obligation to make the Failed Loan. 

43 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 SECTION 2.04 Evidence of Loans TC . 

(a) Lender Accounts . Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time under this Agreement. 

(b) Agent Records . The Agent shall maintain accounts in which it will record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Agent hereunder from the Borrower and each Lender s share thereof. 

(c) Evidence of Debt . The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) of this Section 2.04 shall be conclusive evidence (absent manifest error) of the existence and amounts of the obligations therein recorded; provided , however , that the failure of any Lender or the Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligations of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with their terms. 

(d) Notes . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any Lender shall request and receive a Note or Notes as provided in Section 11.06 or otherwise, then the Loans of such Lender shall be evidenced by a single Note substantially in the form of Exhibit B , and payable to the order of such Lender in an amount equal to the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lender s Loans. 

(e) Note Endorsements . Each Lender having a Note shall record the date and amount of each Loan made by it and the date and amount of each payment of principal made by the Borrower with respect thereto, and may, if such Lender so elects in connection with any transfer or enforcement of its Note, endorse on the reverse side or on the schedule, if any, forming a part thereof appropriate notations to evidence the foregoing information with respect to each outstanding Loan evidenced thereby; provided that the failure of any Lender to make any such recordation or endorsement shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower hereunder or under any such Note. Each Lender is hereby irrevocably authorized by the Borrower so to endorse its Note and to attach to and make a part of its Note a continuation of any such schedule as and when required. When the Borrower has paid a Note in full and the applicable Lender no longer has any Commitment outstanding, such Lender will promptly return such Note to the Agent, who will return such Note to the Borrower, against receipt therefor, marked PAID IN FULL . 

(f) Lost, Mutilated and Destroyed Notes, etc . If any Note issued to a Lender pursuant to this Agreement shall become mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen, the applicable Borrower shall, upon the written request of the holder of such Note, execute and deliver to the Agent, who shall endorse and deliver to the applicable Lender in replacement thereof a new Note, payable to the same holder in the same principal amount and dated the same date as the Note so mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen. If the Note being replaced has become mutilated, such Note shall be surrendered to the applicable Borrower for cancellation and if the Note being replaced has been destroyed, lost or stolen, the holder of such Note shall furnish to the applicable Borrower such indemnification as may be required by the Borrower to hold the Borrower 

44 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 harmless and evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower of the destruction, loss or theft of such Note and of the ownership thereof; provided , however , that if the holder of such Note is a Committed Lender, the written undertaking of such Lender shall be sufficient indemnity for purposes of this Section 2.04(f) . 

SECTION 2.05 Interest TC . 

(a) Rate of Interest . 

(i) [RESERVED] 

(ii) Subject to Section 3.05 , each Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day (excluding the last day) during each Interest Period applicable thereto, at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Rate plus , at any time during which an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Default Margin. Such interest shall be payable in arrears on each Settlement Date and on the Termination Date. 

(b) Determination and Notice of Interest Rates . The Agent shall determine each interest rate applicable to the Loans hereunder as provided in this Agreement. The Agent shall give prompt notice to the Borrower and the participating Lenders of each rate of interest so determined, and its determination thereof shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 

SECTION 2.06 Repayment and Maturity of Loans TC . On the Maturity Date, the Borrower shall repay to the Collection Account the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans and all accrued interest thereon (including all accrued interest thereon), and the Loans of each Lender shall be ratably repaid. In the event that any amount of principal is not paid when due pursuant to this Section 2.06 , the Agent may, with the prior written consent of each Lender (which such consent shall be in the sole discretion of each such Lender) extend the due date for such payment on terms satisfactory to such Lenders (in their sole discretion); provided that, any such extension shall not extend the due date for such payment beyond the Maturity Date. 

SECTION 2.07 Prepayments TC . 

(a) Voluntary Prepayments . The Borrower shall have the right voluntarily to prepay Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided , however , that (i) each partial prepayment of Loans shall be in a minimum principal amount of 1,000,000 and (ii) the applicable Borrower shall have given prior written or telecopy notice (or telephone notice promptly confirmed by written or telecopy notice) to the Agent by 12:00 P.M., at least five Business Days prior to the date of prepayment. Each notice of prepayment shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount to be prepaid. Each notice of prepayment shall be irrevocable and shall commit the applicable Borrower to prepay such Loan by the amount stated therein on the date stated therein. All prepayments under this Section 2.07(a) shall be accompanied by accrued interest on the principal amount being prepaid to the date of payment together with any amounts owed to any Lender pursuant to Section 3.04 hereof. 

45 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (b) Mandatory Prepayments . The Borrower shall be required to prepay Loans as provided in clauses (i) through (v) of this Section 2.07(b) . All payments under this Section 2.07(b) shall be accompanied by accrued interest on the principal amount being prepaid to the date of payment together with any amounts owed to any Lender pursuant to Section 3.04 hereof. 

(i) On each Settlement Date, an aggregate amount equal to the amount of all Cash Flow and other amounts on deposit in the Collection Account (as of the Calculation Date immediately preceding such Settlement Date in the case of any Settlement Date occurring prior to the Revolving Termination Date) shall be applied and any amount in the Liquidity Reserve Account required to be applied shall be applied (and the Loans, together with other Obligations then due, shall be prepaid to the extent of cash available therefor) in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.07(c)(i) or 2.07(c)(iii) , as applicable. 

(ii) Following the occurrence of an Event of Default and acceleration of the Loans, the outstanding Loans shall be paid immediately, together with accrued interest thereon to the date of such prepayment, the amount, if any, owed to each Lender pursuant to Section 3.04 hereof and other Obligations owed hereunder. 

(iii) If on any Settlement Date, the Agent notifies the Borrower that a Collateral Deficiency exists, the Borrower shall on or prior to the next succeeding Settlement Date either (A) pay the amount of such Collateral Deficiency together with accrued interest thereon and the amount, if any, owed to each Lender pursuant to Section 3.04 hereof to the Collection Account, and on the following Settlement Date, or at the sole discretion of the Agent upon receipt, such payment shall be applied by the Agent in accordance with the then applicable provisions of Section 2.07(c) or (B) purchase or acquire by capital contribution additional Eligible Railcars and/or Eligible Leases approved by the Agent in its sole discretion pursuant to Section 2.02 and/or other collateral acceptable to the Agent and all the Lenders so that such Collateral Deficiency no longer exists. 

(iv) On the first Business Day after receipt thereof by the Borrower, and notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2.07(c)(i) or (iii) , any Net Cash Proceeds received from an Asset Disposition in connection with a Securitization permitted by Section 7.05(iii) shall be paid to the Collection Account and applied in accordance with the provisions of clauses first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth and ninth of Section 2.07(c)(i) in such order; provided , that the Agent in its sole discretion may agree to the application of such Net Cash Proceeds on a Business Day other than a Settlement Date, so long as prior to and after giving effect to such application no Collateral Deficiency shall exist. 

(v) Net Cash Proceeds received by the Borrower from Asset Dispositions (other than in connection with a Securitization), 

(a) at any time upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, such Net Cash Proceeds shall be paid into the Collection Account and applied in the order or priority set forth in Section 2.07(c)(iii) on the 

46 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 first Business Day after receipt by the Borrower of such Net Cash Proceeds, to the extent required to cure such Event of Default if such Event of Default can be cured in full solely by the payment of cash or immediately available funds; 

(b) subject to Section 2.07(b)(v)(a) , at any time during the Availability Period, such Net Cash Proceeds not otherwise required to be paid in the Collection Account pursuant to Sections 2.07(b)(iii) or 2.07(b)(v)(c) shall be applied in accordance with the provisions of clauses first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth and twelfth of Section 2.07(c)(i) in such order; provided , that the Agent may agree to the application of such Net Cash Proceeds on a Business Day other than a Settlement Date, so long as prior to and after giving effect to such application no Collateral Deficiency shall exist; and 

(c) at any other time, such Net Cash Proceeds not otherwise required to be paid into the Collection Account pursuant to Sections 2.07(b)(iii) or 2.07(b)(v)(b) shall be applied in accordance with the provisions of clauses first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth, eleventh and twelfth of Section 2.07(c)(i) in such order; provided , that the Agent in its sole discretion may agree to the application of such Net Cash Proceeds on a Business Day other than a Settlement Date, so long as prior to and after giving effect to such application no Collateral Deficiency shall exist; 

provided, however, that if the payment of such amount pursuant to Section 2.07(b)(v)(a) , Section 2.07(b)(v)(b) or Section 2.07(b)(v)(c) , together with the occurrence of any related Event of Loss or any release of Railcars from the Portfolio or the application of cash or Cash Equivalents from the Liquidity Reserve Account pursuant to any provision hereof would result in a Collateral Deficiency, such payment amount shall be increased (up to the amount of the total Net Cash Proceeds being applied on such date) to the extent required to prevent such Collateral Deficiency from occurring. 
 (c) Application of Payments and Prepayments . 

(i) Application of Collections . Subject to Section 2.07(c)(iii) , on each Settlement Date, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, all amounts on deposit in the Collection Account as of the Calculation Date immediately preceding such Settlement Date and amounts are to be applied from the then current balance of the Liquidity Reserve Account in accordance with the terms hereof shall be applied by the Depositary in the following order of priority: 

first , to the payment of any fees or indemnities payable or expenses or Taxes (other than as set forth in clause fourth below) (including the Manager s Fee payable on such Settlement Date, including, without limitation, amount distributed to Lessees in respect of Railroad Mileage Credits together with the aggregate amount of any Manager s Fees which were due and payable on any previous Settlement Date and remain unpaid) permitted under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; 

47 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 second , if a Manager Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to reimburse the Collateral Agent and the Agent for any fees and expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent or the Agent, as the case may be (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney s fees and expenses and the fees and expenses of any person appointed by the Agent to replace the Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement) in connection with any Manager Event of Default and the exercise by the Agent and/or the Collateral Agent of any right or remedy hereunder and not previously reimbursed or paid by the Lenders; 
 third , ratably (x) to the payment of accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, (y) to the payment of Derivatives Obligations (other than for the payment of Derivatives Termination Values payable by the Borrower), if any, then due and payable and (z) to the payment of Liquidity Fees then due and payable; 
 fourth , to the payment of all indemnities in respect of Taxes, Other Taxes, stamp Taxes, funding losses referred to in Section 3.04 , increased costs referred to in Section 3.03 , losses, costs and expenses referred to in Section 2.03(b) and other amounts, other than principal of or interest on the Loans, payable to any Protected Party in accordance with the Loan Documents; 
 fifth , deposit to the Liquidity Reserve Account the positive difference (if any) between (x) the Liquidity Reserve Target Amount and (y) the balance of the Liquidity Reserve Account, in each case as determined on the immediately preceding Calculation Date; 
 sixth , deposit to the Maintenance Reserve Account, the Modifications and Improvements Account and/or the Liquidity Fee Reserve Account, in each case the amount determined by the Borrower in its sole discretion; 
 seventh , on a pari passu basis based on the applicable amounts payable under clauses (x) and (y) of this clause seventh, (x) to the ratable payment of the unpaid principal of the Loans in an amount not exceeding an amount such that, after giving effect to such payment, no Collateral Deficiency then exists, and (y) to the Derivatives Counterparties for the payment of Derivatives Termination Values payable by the Borrower; 
 eighth , if an Early Amortization Event or Manager Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and/or on any Settlement Date that is more than 364 days after the Revolving Termination Date, to the ratable payment of the unpaid principal amount of the Loans; 
 ninth , to reimburse the Manager for outstanding Manager Advances, together with accrued interest thereon and, thereafter, only if the outstanding Manager Advances have been paid in full, then to the ratable payment of the unpaid Aggregated Default Interest and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon; 
 tenth , if the Manager is GMS or one of its Affiliates, the Supplemental Manager s Fee payable on such Settlement Date, together with the aggregate 

48 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 amount of any Supplemental Manager s Fees which were due and payable on any previous Settlement Date and remain unpaid; 
 eleventh , deposit to the Discretionary Account or, subject to Section 7.07 , otherwise at the direction of the Borrower. 
 (ii) [Reserved]. 

(iii) Payment if an Event of Default is Continuing . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, if any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, unless the Agent shall elect, with the consent of the Majority Lenders, to apply such amounts in accordance with Section 2.07(c)(i) above, all amounts on deposit in the Collection Account, amounts which the Agent elects to apply from the then current balance of the Liquidity Reserve Account and all other payments received and all amounts held or realized by or for the benefit of the Collateral Agent or the Agent (including any amount realized by the Collateral Agent or the Agent after the exercise of any remedy as set forth herein or in any other Loan Document and all proceeds of the Collateral), and all payments or amounts then held or thereafter received by or for the benefit of the Collateral Agent or the Agent hereunder or under the Loan Documents, in the Accounts shall be applied by the Depositary in the following order of priority: 

first , to the payment of any fees or indemnities payable or expenses or Taxes (other than as set forth in clause fourth below) (including the Manager s Fee payable on such Settlement Date, including, without limitation, amount distributed to Lessees in respect of Railroad Mileage Credits together with the aggregate amount of any Manager s Fees which were due and payable on any previous Settlement Date and remain unpaid) permitted under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, in each case as approved by the Agent; 
 second , to reimburse the Collateral Agent and the Agent for any fees and expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent or the Agent, as the case may be (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney s fees and expenses and the fees and expenses of any person appointed by the Agent to replace the Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement) in connection with any Manager Event of Default or Event of Default and the exercise by the Agent and/or the Collateral Agent of any right or remedy hereunder and not previously reimbursed or paid by the Lenders; 
 third , ratably (x) to the payment of accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, (y) to the payment of Derivatives Obligations (other than for the payment of Derivatives Termination Values payable by the Borrower), if any, then due and payable and (z) to the payment of Liquidity Fees then due and payable; 
 fourth , to the payment of all indemnities in respect of Taxes, Other Taxes, stamp Taxes, funding losses referred to in Section 3.04 , increased costs referred to in Section 3.03 , losses, costs and expenses referred to in Section 2.03(b) and other 

49 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 amounts, other than principal of or interest on the Loans, payable to any Protected Party in accordance with the Loan Documents; 
 fifth , to the Derivatives Counterparties for the payment of Derivatives Termination Values payable by the Borrower; 
 sixth , to the ratable payment of the unpaid principal amount of the Loans; and 
 seventh , deposit to the Discretionary Account or, subject to Section 7.07 , otherwise at the direction of the Borrower. 
 (iv) Earnings on Cash Equivalents . Any earnings on Cash Equivalents shall constitute part of the Collateral and shall be applied in accordance with Section 2.07(c) . Any losses resulting from any Cash Equivalents shall be for the Borrower s account, and under no circumstances shall the Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender have any liability or responsibility therefor. 

(v) Payment of Loans Accruing Interest at Different Rates . If, pursuant to the definition of Term SOFR , Loans are accruing interest at different interest rates at any time, principal payments on the Loans shall be applied on a pro rata basis. 

(d) Release of Amounts from Liquidity Reserve Account . On any Settlement Date during the Availability Period, if there exists in the Liquidity Reserve Account any amount in excess of the Liquidity Reserve Target Amount (after giving effect to all other payments to be made on such Settlement Date and as calculated on the Calculation Date immediately preceding such Settlement Date), and upon written certification by the Borrower that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Agent shall be deemed to have released such excess amount from the Liquidity Reserve Account and such excess amount shall be applied by the Depositary in accordance with Section 2.07(c) . 

SECTION 2.08 Adjustment of Commitments TC . 

(a) Optional Termination or Reduction of Commitments (Pro Rata) . The Borrower may from time to time permanently reduce or terminate the Committed Amount in whole or in part (in minimum amounts of 20,000,000 or in integral multiples of 5,000,000 in excess thereof (or, if less, the full remaining amount of the then applicable Committed Amount)) upon five Business Days prior written or telecopy notice to the Agent, which notice shall be irrevocable once delivered to the Agent; provided , however , no such termination or reduction shall be made which would cause the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Loans to exceed the lesser of (i) the Committed Amount as so reduced and (ii) the Borrowing Base at such time. The Agent shall promptly notify each affected Lender of the receipt by the Agent of any notice from the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.08(a) . Any partial reduction of the Committed Amount pursuant to this Section 2.08(a) shall be applied to the Commitments of the Committed Lenders pro-rata based upon their respective Commitment Percentages. 

(b) Optional Termination of Commitments (Non-Pro-Rata) . If (i) any Lender or other Protected Party has demanded compensation or indemnification pursuant to Section 3.01 , 3.03 or 

50 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 3.04 , (ii) the obligation of the applicable Lender to fund its Loans at Term SOFR has been suspended pursuant to Section 3.02 , (iii) a Market Disruption Event exists or is in effect with respect to any Loan for any day during any Interest Period or (iv) any Lender has failed to consent to a proposed amendment, waiver, discharge or termination which pursuant to the terms of Section 11.03 or any other provision of any Loan Document requires the consent of the Majority Lenders or all of the Lenders, the Borrower shall have the right, with the prior written consent of the Agent, to (i) remove such Lender and all related Protected Parties by terminating the Commitment of the related Committed Lender in full or (ii) replace such Lender and all related Protected Parties by causing the related Committed Lender to assign its Commitment to one or more existing Committed Lenders or Eligible Assignees pursuant to Section 11.06 . The replacement of a Lender pursuant to this Section 2.08(b) shall be effective on the tenth Business Day following the date of notice of such replacement to the Lenders through the Agent, subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 

(i) each replacement Committed Lender and/or Eligible Assignee, and each Protected Party subject to replacement, shall have satisfied the conditions to an Assignment and Acceptance set forth in Section 11.06(b) and, in connection therewith, the replacement Committed Lender(s) and/or Eligible Assignee(s) shall pay to each Protected Party subject to replacement an amount equal in the aggregate to the sum of (A) the principal of, and all accrued but unpaid interest on, its outstanding Loans and (B) all accrued but unpaid fees owing to it pursuant to Section 2.09 ; and 

(ii) the Borrower shall have paid (from the Discretionary Account or otherwise) to the Agent for the account of each replaced Protected Party an amount equal to all obligations owing to such replaced Protected Party by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (other than those obligations of the Borrower referred to in clause (i)(A) above). 

In the case of the removal of a Protected Party pursuant to this Section 2.08(b) , upon payment by the Borrower (from the Discretionary Account or otherwise) to the Agent for the account of the Protected Party subject to such removal of an amount equal to the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of all Loans held by such Protected Party and (ii) all accrued interest, fees and other amounts owing to such Protected Party hereunder, including, without limitation, all amounts payable by the Borrower to such Protected Party under Article III or Sections 11.05 and 11.06 , such Protected Party shall cease to constitute a Protected Party hereunder; provided that the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, the provisions of Article III and Sections 11.05 and 11.06 shall continue to govern the rights and obligations of a removed Protected Party with respect to any Loans made or any other actions taken by such removed Protected Party while it was a Protected Party. 
 (c) Automatic Termination . The Commitments of the Committed Lenders shall automatically terminate on the Revolving Termination Date. 

(d) Optional Extensions of Commitments . 

(i) If the Borrower shall request, by notice to the Agent not less than 30 days prior to the Revolving Termination Date then in effect, that the Availability Period be 

51 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 extended until the date which is 364 days after such Revolving Termination Date, then the Agent shall promptly (but in no event later than 2 days after receipt) notify each Committed Lender of such request, and each Committed Lender shall notify the Borrower and the Agent not more than 15 Business Days after the date on which the Agent shall have received the Borrower s request (which date shall be set forth in the notice of such request given by the Agent) of its election so to extend or not extend the Availability Period. Any Committed Lender which shall not timely notify the Agent of such election shall be deemed to have elected not to extend such Availability Period. 

(ii) If one or more Committed Lenders shall timely notify the Agent pursuant to clause (d)(i) of this Section 2.08 of its election not to extend the Availability Period or shall be deemed to have elected not to extend the Availability Period by virtue of having not timely notified the Agent of its election to extend such Availability Period, then the Agent shall so advise the Borrower and the remaining Lenders, and the remaining Lenders then maintaining a Commitment or any of them shall have the right (but not the obligation), upon notice to the Agent not later than the Business Day immediately preceding the applicable Revolving Termination Date, to increase their respective Commitments by an amount equal in the aggregate to the Commitments of the Committed Lenders who have, or have been deemed to have, elected not to extend the Availability Period. Each Lender electing to increase its Commitment hereunder shall specify in its notice to the Agent the amount by which it is willing to increase its Commitment; provided that if the aggregate amount of proposed increases by all remaining Lenders shall equal or exceed the aggregate Commitments of those Lenders who have, or have been deemed to have, elected not to extend the Availability Period, the amount of any increase in Commitments shall not exceed for any Lender the product of (A) the quotient of (x) such Lender s Commitment divided by (y) the aggregate Commitments of all the remaining Lenders (in each case determined before giving effect to any increase in the Commitments of the remaining Lenders pursuant to this subsection (d) multiplied by (B) the aggregate Commitments of the Lenders who have, or have been deemed to have, elected not to extend the Availability Period. Each increase in the Commitment of a Lender hereunder shall be evidenced by a written instrument executed by such Lender and the Agent and shall take effect on the Revolving Termination Date in effect for the Lenders who have, or have been deemed to have, elected not to extend the Availability Period. 

(iii) If the aggregate Commitments of the Lenders shall exceed the aggregate amount by which the remaining Lenders have agreed to increase their Commitments pursuant to subsection (d)(ii) of this Section 2.08 , the Borrower may, with the approval of the Agent, designate one or more Eligible Assignees willing to extend Commitments until the date which is 364 days after the Revolving Termination Date in effect for the Lenders who have, or have been deemed to have, elected not to extend the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not greater than such excess. Any such Eligible Assignee shall, on or prior to the Revolving Termination Date in effect for the Lenders who have, or have been deemed to have, elected not to extend the Availability Period, execute and deliver to the Borrower, the Agent and each Lender an instrument, satisfactory to the Borrower, the Agent and the Lenders who have, or have been deemed to have, elected not to extend the Availability Period, setting forth the amount of such Eligible Assignee s 

52 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Commitment and containing its agreement to purchase the outstanding principal amount of any existing Loans with respect to such Lender, along with all accrued interest thereon (including all accrued interest thereon), and to perform all the obligations of, such Lender hereunder. The Commitment of such Eligible Assignee and the obligation to pay the purchase price for such Loans shall become effective, and such Eligible Assignee shall become a Committed Lender hereunder, on the Revolving Termination Date then in effect for the Lenders who have, or have been deemed to have, elected not to extend the Availability Period. 

(iv) The Borrower shall deliver to each Eligible Assignee (upon request of such Eligible Assignee), on the Revolving Termination Date in effect for the Lenders who have, or have been deemed to have, elected not to extend the Availability Period, a Note evidencing the Borrower s obligation to pay Loans made by such Eligible Assignee pursuant to this Agreement. 

(v) If, after giving effect to any increase in the Commitments of one or more remaining Lenders pursuant to clause (ii) above and any assignments to or new Commitments of one or more Eligible Assignees pursuant to clause (iii) above, the extension of the Availability Period as provided in this Section 2.08(d) shall not have been approved by Lenders holding Commitments equal in the aggregate to 100.00 of the Committed Amount, then the Availability Period shall not be extended but shall continue in effect until the Revolving Termination Date and shall then terminate. If Lenders holding Commitments equal in the aggregate to 100.00 of the Committed Amount shall have elected to extend the Availability Period as provided in this Section 2.08(d) , then (A) the Availability Period with respect to the Commitments of such Lenders and any which becomes a Lender hereunder shall continue until the date which is 364 days after the Revolving Termination Date in effect prior to such election and, as to such Lenders, the term Revolving Termination Date , as used herein, shall mean such 364th day; (B) the Commitments of the Lenders who have, or have been deemed to have, elected not to extend the Availability Period shall continue in effect until the Revolving Termination Date in effect prior to such extension and shall then terminate, and, as to such Lenders, the term Revolving Termination Date , as used herein, shall continue to mean such Revolving Termination Date; and (C) on the Revolving Termination Date in effect prior to such extension, each Lender who has, or has been deemed to have, elected not to extend the Availability Period shall cease to be a Lender hereunder; provided that the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, the provisions of Article III and Sections 11.04 and 11.05 shall continue to govern the rights and obligations of such Lender with respect to any Loans made. 

SECTION 2.09 Liquidity Fee TC . On each Settlement Date, the Borrower shall pay to the Agent (or at the direction of the Agent) for the account of each Committed Lender a fee (the Liquidity Fee on such Lender s Commitment Percentage of the daily average Unused Committed Amount for the Measuring Period ended most recently prior to such Settlement Date, computed at a per annum rate for each day equal to: (x) 50 basis points, if the aggregate amount of the Loans then outstanding hereunder is less than or equal to 50 of the Committed Amount, or (y) 35 basis points, if the aggregate amount of the Loans then outstanding hereunder is greater than 50 of the Committed Amount. The Liquidity Fee shall commence to accrue on the 

53 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Closing Date and shall be due and payable in arrears on each Settlement Date for the Measuring Period ending most recently prior to such date, beginning with the first of such dates to occur after the Closing Date. 

SECTION 2.10 Pro-rata Treatment TC . Except to the extent otherwise provided herein, (including without limitation in Sections 2.01(b) and 2.10(b)) , each Borrowing, each payment or prepayment of principal of or interest on any Loan, each payment of fees, each reduction of the Committed Amount and each conversion or continuation of any Loan, shall be allocated pro-rata among the relevant Lenders in accordance with the respective Commitment Percentages of such Lenders (or, if the Commitments of such Lenders have expired or been terminated, in accordance with the respective principal amounts of the outstanding Loans of such Lenders); provided that, in the event any amount paid to any Lender pursuant to this Section 2.10 is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by the Agent, each Lender shall, upon the request of the Agent, repay to the Agent the amount so paid to such Lender, with interest for the period commencing on the date such payment is returned by the Agent until the date the Agent receives such repayment at a rate per annum equal to, during the period to but excluding the date two Business Days after such request, the Federal Funds Rate, and thereafter, the Corporate Base Rate plus two percent per annum. 

SECTION 2.11 Sharing of Payments TC . The Lenders agree among themselves that, except to the extent otherwise provided herein, if any Lender shall obtain payment in respect of any Loan or any other obligation owing to such Lender under this Agreement through the exercise of a right of setoff, banker s lien or counterclaim, or pursuant to a secured claim under Section 506 of the Bankruptcy Code or other security or interest arising from, or in lieu of, such secured claim, received by such Lender under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law or otherwise, or by any other means, in excess of its pro-rata share of such payment as provided for in this Agreement, such Lender shall promptly pay in cash or purchase from the other Lenders a participation in such Loans and other obligations in such amounts, and make such other adjustments from time to time, as shall be equitable to the end that all Lenders share such payment in accordance with their respective ratable shares as provided for in this Agreement. The Lenders further agree among themselves that if payment to a Lender obtained by such Lender through the exercise of a right of setoff, banker s lien, counterclaim or other event as aforesaid shall be rescinded or must otherwise be restored, each Lender which shall have shared the benefit of such payment shall, by payment in cash or a repurchase of a participation theretofore sold, return its share of that benefit (together with its share of any accrued interest payable with respect thereto) to each Lender whose payment shall have been rescinded or otherwise restored. The Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing such a participation may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all rights of payment, including setoff, banker s lien or counterclaim, with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a holder of such Loan or other obligation in the amount of such participation. If under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, any Lender receives a secured claim in lieu of a setoff to which this Section 2.11 applies, such Lender shall, to the extent practicable, exercise its rights in respect of such secured claim in a manner consistent with the rights of the Lenders under this Section 2.11 to share in the benefits of any recovery on such secured claim. 

54 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 SECTION 2.12 Payments; Computations; Proceeds of Collateral, Etc TC . 

(a) Payments by the Borrower . Unless otherwise expressly provided in a Loan Document, all payments by the Borrower to the Protected Parties pursuant to each Loan Document shall be made by the Borrower (or by their designee) to the Agent for the pro rata account of the Protected Parties entitled to receive such payment or, at the direction of the Agent, directly to such Protected Parties. All payments shall be made without setoff, deduction (except for Taxes which are expressly addressed in Section 3.01 or counterclaim not later than 12:00 P.M. New York City time on the date due in Dollars in same day or immediately available funds to such account or accounts (if payment is to be made directly to the Protected Parties) as the Agent shall specify from time to time by notice to the Borrower. Funds received after that time shall be deemed to have been received by the Agent or a Protected Party, as the case may be, on the next succeeding Business Day. In the event that a payment is made to Agent for the pro rata account of the Protected Parties entitled to such payment, the Agent shall promptly remit in same day funds to each Protected Party its share, if any, of such payments received by the Agent for the account of such Protected Party. Whenever any payment is to be made hereunder or under any Loan, or whenever the last day of any Interest Period would otherwise occur on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made, and the last day of such Interest Period shall occur, on the next succeeding Business Day and interest at the Applicable Rate shall accrue on such amount from the original due date to such next Business Day; provided , that if such extension would cause the last day of such Interest Period to occur in a new calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period shall occur on the next preceding Business Day. 

(b) Payments by the Borrower . Unless the Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. 

(c) Presumptions by the Agent . With respect to any payment that the Agent makes for the account of any Protected Party as to which the Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount ): (1) the Borrower has not in fact made such payment; (2) the Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (3) the Agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment; then each Protected Party, severally agrees to repay to the Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Protected Party, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. A notice of the Agent to any Protected Party or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this clause (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(d) Computations . All computations of interest and fees hereunder shall be made on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed over a year of 360 days. Interest shall accrue from and include the date of borrowing but exclude the date of payment. 

55 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 SECTION 2.13 Adjustments to Advance Rate and Borrowing Base TC . The percentages specified in the definition of Advance Rate may be modified by the agreement of all of the Lenders. Any change in any such percentage shall take effect on the next succeeding Settlement Date or as otherwise agreed by the Borrower and each of the Lenders. 

SECTION 2.14 Interest Rate Risk Management TC . The Borrower agrees that, upon the occurrence of any Hedging Event, it will enter into one or more Acceptable Derivatives Agreements no later than the last day of the Required Time Period, using funds available under clause (y) of clause fifth of Section 2.07(c)(i) or (iii) , as applicable. 

The Borrower will, to the extent required by any Committed Lender, amend any Acceptable Derivatives Agreement which is then in effect at any time when (i) there is any increase in the outstanding principal amount of the Loans, (ii) there is any change in the contractual payment schedule of the Loans, or (iii) the Derivatives Percentage is less than 85.0 or more than 115.0 , so that such Acceptable Derivatives Agreement, as amended, would comply with the definition of Acceptable Derivatives Agreement if first entered into on the date of such amendment. 
 Amounts received by the Borrower under any Acceptable Derivatives Agreement shall be deposited into the Collection Account and applied as set forth in Section 2.07(c) . 
 SECTION 2.15 Replacement of Term SOFR or Successor Rate TC . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, if the Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or Majority Lenders notify the Agent (with, in the case of the Majority Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or Majority Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that: 

(a) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one month Term SOFR, including, without limitation, because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or 

(b) CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which one month Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate shall or will no longer be made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of U.S. dollar denominated syndicated loans, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Agent, that will continue to provide such interest periods of Term SOFR after such specific date (the latest date on which one month Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no longer available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date ); 

then, on a date and time determined by the Agent (any such date, the Term SOFR Replacement Date ), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and, solely with respect to clause (b) above, no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with Daily Simple SOFR for any payment period for interest calculated that 

56 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 can be determined by the Agent, in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the Successor Rate ). 
 If the Successor Rate is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) if the Agent determines that Daily Simple SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date, or (ii) if the events or circumstances of the type described this Section 2.15 have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then in each case, the Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR or any then current Successor Rate in accordance with this Section 2.15 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable, with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such alternative benchmark. and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such benchmark, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an information service as selected by the Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments, shall constitute a Successor Rate . Any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Majority Lenders have delivered to the Agent written notice that such Majority Lenders object to such amendment. 
 The Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrower and each Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate. 
 Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Agent. 
 Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero (0) , the Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero (0) for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 In connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate, the Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 

57 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 ARTICLE III TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY TC 

SECTION 3.01 Taxes TC . 

(a) Payments Net of Certain Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower to or for the account of any Protected Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto (hereinafter referred to as Taxes ), excluding, in the case of each Protected Party, (i) Taxes imposed on its net income, and franchise, branch profits, capital or net worth Taxes imposed on it, in each case by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such Protected Party is organized, has an office or place of business or is a resident for Tax purposes (other than on account of executing, delivering, being a party to, performing its obligations under, receiving a payment under, receiving or perfecting a security interest under, engaging in any other transaction pursuant to or enforcing, or selling or assigning an interest in this Agreement or any other Loan Document), or any political subdivision thereof, and (ii) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA (all such non-excluded Taxes imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document being hereinafter referred to as Indemnified Taxes ). If the Borrower or Agent shall be required by law to deduct or withhold any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to any Protected Party, (i) if such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions and withholdings (including deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 such Protected Party receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower or Agent shall be entitled to make such deductions and withholdings, (iii) the Borrower or Agent shall pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant taxation authority or other authority in accordance with Applicable Law and (iv) the Borrower shall furnish to the Agent, at the Agent s Office, the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. 

(b) Other Taxes . In addition, the Borrower agrees to pay any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes which arise from any payment made under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or from the execution or delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except any such Taxes with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.01(i) (hereinafter referred to as Other Taxes ). 

(c) Additional Taxes . (i) The Borrower agrees to indemnify each Protected Party for the full amount of Indemnified Taxes and Other Taxes (including any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 3.01 paid or payable by such Protected Party and any liability (including penalties, interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental 

58 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Protected Party (with a copy to the Agent), shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(ii) Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 11.06(e) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Taxes excluded under Section 3.01(a) above attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Agent under this paragraph (ii). 

(d) Tax Forms and Certificates . Each Lender that is a United States person under the Code shall, on or prior to the date of its execution and delivery of this Agreement in the case of each Lender listed on the signature pages thereof and on or prior to the date on which it becomes a Lender in the case of each other Lender, and from time to time thereafter as required by law on or prior to the expiration of the form or certificate most recently provided, provide the Borrower and the Agent with true, complete and correct Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding Tax. Each Lender which is not a United States person under the Code (a Non-U.S. Lender shall, on or prior to the date of its execution and delivery of this Agreement in the case of each Lender listed on the signature pages thereof and on or prior to the date on which it becomes a Lender in the case of each other Lender, and from time to time thereafter as required by law on or prior to the expiration of the form or certificate most recently provided, provide the Borrower and the Agent with true, complete and correct (i) Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8IMY or W-8-ECI, as appropriate, or any successor form prescribed by the Internal Revenue Service, certifying that such Lender is entitled to benefits under an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party which reduces to zero the rate of United States Federal withholding Tax on payments of interest or certifying that the income receivable pursuant to this Agreement is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States or (ii) any other form or certificate (including any certificate to the effect that such Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower (or, in the event the Borrower is a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the sole regarded owner of Borrower) within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower (or, in the event the Borrower is a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the sole regarded owner of the Borrower) as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code), certifying that such Lender is entitled to an exemption from United States Federal withholding Tax on payments pursuant to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. Additionally, if a Lender or Protected Party sells, assigns or transfers any participation in a Loan to another Person, such Lender or 

59 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Protected Party shall provide any new forms required as a result of such sale or transfer (including, if necessary, Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY). 

(e) Failure to Provide Tax Forms and Certificates . For any period with respect to which a Lender has failed to provide the Borrower and the Agent with the appropriate form or certificate in the manner and as prescribed by Section 3.01(d) (unless such failure is due to a change in treaty, law or regulation occurring subsequent to the date on which a form originally was required to be provided), neither such Lender nor any related Protected Party shall be entitled to indemnification under Section 3.01(a) or 3.01(c) with respect to Taxes imposed by the United States or any political subdivision therein as a result of such failure (and such Taxes shall not be considered an Indemnified Tax ). 

(f) Obligations in Respect of Non-U.S. Lenders . The Borrower shall not be required to indemnify any Non-U.S. Lender or related Protected Party or to pay any additional amounts to any Non-U.S. Lender or related Protected Party, in respect of United States Federal withholding Tax pursuant to subsections (a) or (c) above (and such Tax shall not be considered an Indemnified Tax to the extent that the obligation to withhold amounts with respect to United States Federal withholding Tax existed on the date such Non-U.S. Lender became a party to this Agreement (or, in the case of a participant, on the date such participant acquired its participation interest) or to the extent such obligation to withhold amounts with respect to United States federal withholding Tax arises after such date as a result of a change in residence, place of incorporation, principal place of business, or office or location in which Loans governed by this Agreement are booked or recorded by such Lender or Protected Party; provided , however , that this subsection (f) shall not apply (i) to any Lender or participant that becomes a Lender or participant as a result of an assignment, participation, transfer or designation made at the request of the Borrower or where a change of office or location in which Loans governed by this Agreement are booked or recorded is made at the request of the Borrower or (ii) to the extent the indemnity payment or additional amounts any Lender or participant would be entitled to receive (without regard to this subsection (f) do not exceed the indemnity payment or additional amounts that the Person making the assignment, participation or transfer to such Lender or participant would have been entitled to receive in the absence of such assignment, participation, transfer or designation. 

(g) Obligations in Respect of FATCA . Without duplication to a Lender s obligation to provide tax forms or certificates under Section 3.01(d) , if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payments. Solely for purposes of this Section 3.01(g) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

60 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (h) Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 3.01 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 ), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (h) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

(i) Mitigation . If the Borrower is required to pay additional amounts to or for the account of any Protected Party pursuant to this Section 3.01 , then such Protected Party will agree to use reasonable efforts to eliminate or reduce any such additional payment which may thereafter accrue if such change, in the judgment of such Protected Party, (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 , and (ii) would not subject such Protected Party to any unreimbursed cost or expense and is not otherwise disadvantageous to such Protected Party. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Protected Party in any efforts so undertaken towards mitigation under this subsection. 

(j) Tax Receipts . Within thirty days after the date of any payment of Taxes under this Section 3.01 , the Borrower shall furnish to the Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. 

(k) Survival . Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of the Borrower hereunder, the agreements and obligations of the Borrower contained in subsections (a) through (j) above shall survive the assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the payment in full of principal and interest hereunder and under any instrument delivered hereunder. 

SECTION 3.02 Illegality TC . If, on or after the date of this Agreement, the adoption of any Applicable Law, or any change in any Applicable Law, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any Lender with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency shall make it unlawful or impossible for the 

61 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 applicable Lender to make, maintain or fund any of its Loans at a rate based upon Term SOFR (such event being hereinafter referred to as an Illegality Event and such Lender shall so notify the Agent, the Agent shall forthwith give notice thereof to the other Lenders and the Borrower, whereupon until such Lender notifies the Borrower and the Agent that the circumstances giving rise to such suspension no longer exist, interest on the Loans of such Lender shall accrue and be payable at the Corporate Base Rate. If an Illegality Event does not affect all Lenders, the Agent shall make a good faith effort to cause the Lenders that are not affected by such Illegality Event to purchase the Loans held by the affected Lenders. The foregoing shall not delay or otherwise affect the Borrower s obligation to pay interest at the Corporate Base Rate as provided in this paragraph. 

SECTION 3.03 Increased Costs and Reduced Return TC . 

(a) If, on or after the date hereof, (i) the adoption of or any change in any Applicable Law (including any Existing Law (defined below)) or in the interpretation or application thereof applicable to any Protected Party, (ii) any request, guidance or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other Governmental Authority or (iii) the compliance, application or implementation by any Protected Party with the foregoing subclauses (i) or (ii) or any Existing Law, in each case made subsequent to the Closing Date (or, if later, the date on which such Protected Party becomes a Protected Party): 

(i) shall subject such Protected Party to any Tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to any Loans made by it or its Note or its obligation to make Loans, or change the basis of taxation of payments to such Protected Party in respect thereof (except for (A) Indemnified Taxes and Other Taxes covered by Section 3.01 and (B) Taxes imposed under FATCA or that are not Indemnified Taxes pursuant to Section 3.01(e) or Section 3.01(f) and (C) changes in Taxes measured by or imposed upon net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes imposed on such Protected Party or any Affiliate thereof; 

(ii) shall impose, modify or hold applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan or similar requirement against assets held by, deposits or other liabilities in or for the account of, advances, loans or other extensions of credit by, or any other acquisition of funds by, any office of such Protected Party; or 

(iii) shall impose on such Protected Party any other condition; 

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Protected Party of making, converting into, continuing or maintaining any Loans or to reduce any amount receivable hereunder in respect thereof (any such increased cost or reduction hereinafter referred to as an Increased Cost ), then, in any such case, upon notice to the Borrower from such Protected Party, through the Agent, in accordance herewith, the Borrower shall be obligated to pay such Protected Party, in accordance with Section 2.07(c) , any additional amounts necessary to compensate such Protected Party on an after-tax basis (after taking into account applicable deductions and credits in respect of the amount indemnified) for such increased cost or reduced amount receivable. 

62 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (b) If any Protected Party shall have determined that (i) the adoption or the becoming effective of, or any change in, or any change by any Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof in the interpretation or administration of, any Applicable Law (including any Existing Law), regarding capital adequacy, (ii) any request, guidance or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency, or (iii) the compliance, application or implementation by such Protected Party or its parent corporation of the foregoing subclauses (i) or (ii) or any Existing Law has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Protected Party s (or parent corporation s) capital or assets as a consequence of its commitments or obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Protected Party, or its parent corporation, could have achieved but for such adoption, effectiveness, change or compliance (taking into consideration such Protected Party s (or parent corporation s) policies with respect to capital adequacy), then, upon notice from such Protected Party to the Borrower, the Borrower shall be obligated to pay to such Protected Party in accordance with Section 2.07(c) , such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Protected Party on an after-tax basis (after taking into account applicable deductions and credits in respect of the amount indemnified) for such reduction. Each determination by any such Protected Party of amounts owing under this Section shall, absent manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the parties hereto. For the avoidance of doubt, an Applicable Law regarding capital adequacy shall include, but not be limited to, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; (ii) the publication entitled Basel III: A global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems, as updated from time to time Basel III ); or (iii) any implementing rules, regulations, guidance, interpretations or directives from any Official Body relating to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or Basel III (whether or not having the force of law and whether any such Applicable Law becomes effective before or after the date hereof) (collectively, Existing Law ). 

(c) A certificate of each Protected Party setting forth such amount or amounts as shall be necessary to compensate such Protected Party or its holding company as specified in subsection (a) or (b) above, as the case may be, shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay each Protected Party the amount shown as due on any such certificate delivered by it on the next succeeding Settlement Date in accordance with Section 2.07(c) . 

(d) Promptly after any Protected Party becomes aware of any circumstance that will, in its sole judgment, result in a request for increased compensation pursuant to this Section, such Protected Party shall notify the Borrower thereof. Failure on the part of any Protected Party so to notify the Borrower or to demand compensation for any increased costs or reduction in amounts received or receivable or reduction in return on capital with respect to any period shall not constitute a waiver of such Protected Party s right to demand compensation with respect to such period or any other period; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Protected Party pursuant to this Section 3.03 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the date that such Protected Party notifies the Borrower of the change giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Protected Party s intention to claim compensation therefor (except to the extent such increased costs were imposed retroactively and fewer than one hundred eighty (180) have elapsed since such Protected Party was notified thereof). The protection of this Section shall be available to 

63 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 each Protected Party regardless of any possible contention of the invalidity or inapplicability of the law, rule, regulation, guideline or other change or condition which shall have occurred or been imposed. 

SECTION 3.04 Funding Losses TC . The Borrower shall indemnify each Protected Party against any loss or reasonable expense (but excluding in any event loss of anticipated profit) which such Protected Party may sustain or incur as a consequence of (i) any failure by the Borrower to fulfill on the date of any Borrowing hereunder the applicable conditions set forth in Article IV , so long as any such failure is not solely due to the failure of the Agent or any Lender to comply with its obligations hereunder in all material respects, (ii) any failure by the Borrower to borrow or to refinance any Loan hereunder after irrevocable notice of such Borrowing, or refinancing has been given pursuant to Section 2.02 or 2.07 , so long as any such failure is not solely due to the failure of the Agent or any Lender to comply with its obligations hereunder in all material respects or (iii) any payment or prepayment of a Loan, whether voluntary or involuntary, pursuant to any other provision of this Agreement or otherwise made on a date other than the Settlement Date applicable thereto, so long as any such payment, prepayment or conversion is not solely due to the failure of the Agent or any Lender to comply with its obligations hereunder in all material respects (each such loss or expense, a Funding Loss ). Such Funding Losses shall be determined by each Protected Party in its sole discretion and shall include an amount equal to the excess, if any, as reasonably determined by such Protected Party, of (i) its cost of obtaining the funds for the Loan being paid, prepaid or not borrowed (based on Term SOFR), for the period from the date of such payment, prepayment or failure to borrow to the last day of the then applicable Interest Period (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, the Interest Period for such Loan which would have been applicable to such Loan on the date of such failure to borrow) over (ii) the amount of interest (as reasonably determined by such Protected Party) that would be realized by such Protected Party in reemploying the funds so paid, prepaid or not borrowed or continued for such period or Interest Period, as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts payable under this Section 3.04 shall be calculated on the basis of the Committed Lender or the Conduit Lender, as applicable, obtaining funds for its Loans based on borrowing for a one-month period. A certificate of any Protected Party setting forth any amount or amounts which such Protected Party is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

SECTION 3.05 Market Disruption TC . 

(a) If a Market Disruption Event (as defined in subsection (b) of this Section 3.05 exists with respect to any Loan bearing interest at the Applicable Rate for any day during any Interest Period, then the portion of such Loan held by each Lender for such Interest Period shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day (excluding the last day) during each Interest Period applicable thereto, at a rate per annum (in lieu of the Applicable Rate with respect to such Loan prior to giving effect to such Market Disruption Event) equal to the sum of: 

(1) the Facility Margin; plus 

(2) the actual cost of funds of such Lender(s) for such Interest Period; provided that, if a Market Disruption Event (as defined in subsection (b) 

64 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 of this Section 3.05 exists and the provisions of this Section 3.05 are applicable, then each affected Lender shall certify, in a statement provided to the Agent and the Borrower, its actual costs of funds for such Interest Period; plus 

(3) at any time after the Revolving Termination Date, the Step-Up Margin. 

(b) For purposes of this Section 3.05 , Market Disruption Event means, with respect to any Loan bearing interest at the Applicable Rate for any day during any Interest Period, one or more Lenders provide notice to the Agent and the Borrower, not less than three (3) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, that, with respect to such Interest Period, Term SOFR does not accurately reflect the cost to such Lender(s) of maintaining or funding its Loans for such Interest Period and the actual cost of funds of such Lender(s) for such Interest Period is greater than Term SOFR. 

(c) Notwithstanding and in lieu of anything provided herein or in any other Transaction Document to the contrary, with respect to each Interest Period with respect to which a Market Disruption Event is applicable, the Borrower shall pay to each affected Lender interest for such Interest Period at the rate provided in subsection (a) of this Section 3.05 . 

ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS TC 

SECTION 4.01 Conditions to the Closing Date TC . This Agreement shall become effective upon the receipt by the Agent of the following: 

(a) Executed Loan Documents . The Agent shall have received fully-executed copies of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

(b) Organizational Documents . The Agent has received a copy of the Organizational Documents of each Facility Party, GBX Leasing and the Manager, in each case certified as of a recent date by its jurisdiction of organization. 

(c) Good Standing Certificates . The Agent has received a certificate as to the good standing of each Facility Party, GBX Leasing and the Manager from its jurisdiction of organization, as of a recent date. 

(d) Officer s Certificate . The Agent has received a certificate of a Responsible Officer of each Facility Party (or the sole member of such Facility Party), GBX Leasing and the Manager, dated as of the Closing Date and certifying (A) that the certificate or articles of incorporation or other Organizational Documents, as applicable, of such entity have not been amended either since the date of the last amendment thereto shown on the related certificate furnished pursuant to clause (b) above; (B) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the agreement of limited partnership, operating agreement or by-laws of such entity, as in effect on the Closing Date and in effect at all times since a date prior to the date of the resolutions described in clause (C) below; (C) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions duly adopted by the board of directors or other governing body of such entity, 

65 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of Transaction Documents to which it is to be a party, and that such resolutions have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect; and (D) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer executing Transaction Documents to which it is a party or any other document delivered in connection herewith or therewith on behalf of such entity. 

(e) Incumbency . The Agent has received a certificate of another officer as to the incumbency and specimen signature of the Responsible Officer executing the certificate pursuant to clause (d) above. 

(f) Legal Opinions . The Agent has received, in each case addressed to the Agent and each Lender, a favorable written opinion dated the date of this Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent: 

(i) from Vedder Price P.C., counsel to the Facility Parties; 

(ii) from McCarthy T trault LLP, special Canadian counsel to the Canadian Subsidiary; 

(iii) from counsel to the Collateral Agent. 

(g) Payment of Fees and Expenses . The Agent has received evidence that all costs, fees and expenses due to the Agent and the Lenders on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid, in each case to the extent invoiced or otherwise notified to the Borrower in writing. 

(h) Perfection of Security Interests; Search Reports . On or prior to the Closing Date, the Agent shall have received: 

(i) appropriate financing statements (Form UCC-1, Form UCC-3 or such other financing statements or similar notices as shall be required by local law) for filing under the Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable local law of each jurisdiction in which the filing of a financing statement or giving of notice may be required, or reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent, to perfect the security interests intended to be created by the Collateral Documents; 

(ii) copies of reports from CT Corporation Service System or other independent search service reasonably satisfactory to the Agent listing all effective financing statements that name the Borrower and GBX Leasing, as such (under its present name and any previous name and, if requested by the Agent, under any trade names), as debtor or seller that are filed in the jurisdictions wherein such filing would be effective to perfect a Lien in the Collateral or any portion thereof, together with copies of such financing statements (none of which shall cover the Collateral except to the extent evidencing Permitted Liens) or for which the Agent shall have received termination statements (Form UCC-3 or such other termination statements as shall be required by local law) fully executed for filing); and 

(iii) evidence of the completion of all other filings and recordings of or with respect to the Collateral Documents, including, without limitation, all filings and 

66 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 recordings specified in Schedule 3.02 to the Security Agreement, and of all other actions as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Agent, desirable to perfect the security interests intended to be created by the Collateral Documents. 

(i) Material Adverse Effect . There shall not have occurred since its formation any development or event relating to or affecting any Facility Party which has had or could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(j) Litigation; Judgments . On the Closing Date, there shall have been no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending (i) with respect to any Transaction Document or the transactions contemplated thereby or (ii) against any Borrower and which the Agent or the Majority Lenders shall determine could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Additionally, there shall not have existed any judgment, order, injunction or other restraint issued or filed or a hearing seeking injunctive relief or other restraint pending or notified prohibiting or imposing materially adverse conditions upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise referred to herein or therein. 

SECTION 4.02 Conditions to Each Funding Date TC . The obligation of any Committed Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 

(a) Notice . The Borrower shall have delivered to the Agent an appropriate Notice of Borrowing, duly executed and completed, by the time specified in Section 2.02 . 

(b) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties made by each Facility Party in any Transaction Document to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects at and as if made as of the date of such Borrowing except to the extent they expressly relate to an earlier date. 

(c) No Default . No Default, Event of Default, Manager Event of Default or Early Amortization Event shall exist or be continuing either prior to or after giving effect thereto. 

(d) Pro-Forma DSCR Compliance . With respect to any Funding Date after the fourth Settlement Date following the Closing Date, immediately after giving effect to the making of the Loan and the acquisition of Railcars and Leases on the applicable Funding Date, the Debt Service Coverage Ratio on such Funding Date, after taking into account such Loan and acquisition of Railcars and Leases, shall be greater than or equal to 1.10 to 1.00. 

(e) No Collateral Deficiency . Immediately after giving effect to the making of a Loan (and the application of the proceeds thereof), there shall not exist any Collateral Deficiency. 

(f) Leases; Additional Collateral Certificate . Receipt by the Agent of: (i) to the extent required pursuant to Section 6.17 , each Lessee Consent and (ii) an originally executed Additional Collateral Certificate with respect to each relevant Railcar and Lease. 

(g) Recordations and Filings . The Agent shall have received evidence satisfactory to it in its reasonable discretion from special STB counsel to the Borrower and from special 

67 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Canadian counsel to the Borrower, oral or email confirmation that no Liens exist on the applicable Railcars and Leases to be acquired by the Borrower on the applicable Funding Date which would have priority over the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent on such Funding Date (and within three (3) Business Days of the applicable Funding Date, the Borrower shall procure an opinion addressed to the Agent and each Lender, dated the applicable Funding Date, substantially in the form of Exhibits D-6 and D-7 hereto, respectively, and covering such additional matters incident to the transactions contemplated hereby as the Agent may reasonably request). 

(h) Title to the Collateral . Each applicable Borrower shall have good and marketable title to each applicable Railcar and good title to all other items of applicable Collateral, free and clear of all Liens created or incurred by it or permitted to exist by it other than Permitted Liens. 

(i) Evidence of Insurance . The Agent shall have received evidence, to the extent not previously furnished, that liability and casualty insurance meeting the requirements set forth in Section 6.06 is in effect with respect to each applicable Railcar to be added to the Portfolio on such Funding Date. 

(j) Assignment of Leases . A duly executed counterpart of any agreement required to establish a perfected first priority Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Lenders relating to the Lease of each Railcar being funded on such Funding Date, dated as of the applicable Funding Date, satisfactory in form and substance to the Collateral Agent, and evidence from the official records of the STB and the Registrar General of Canada (or a legal opinion in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent) that such agreement (or a memorandum thereof) has been registered, recorded or filed for recordation in accordance with Applicable Law. 

(k) Funding Package . Receipt of the complete Funding Package for each such Railcar, including a Bill of Sale. The Independent Appraisal (if required) included within such Funding Package shall be issued and dated within 30 days of the proposed Funding Date. 

(l) Eligibility . A Responsible Officer of each of the Borrower shall have certified to the Agent and each Lender that (i) each Railcar which is to become a Portfolio Railcar on such Funding Date is an Eligible Railcar and (ii) each Lease which is to become a Portfolio Lease on such Funding Date is an Eligible Lease. 

(m) Payoff Letter . A payoff letter from all Persons (if any) holding Liens of record (other than Permitted Liens) on or prior to the applicable Funding Date with respect to any applicable Railcar shall have been delivered to the Agent. 

The delivery of each Notice of Borrowing shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower of the correctness of the matters specified in subsections (b) , (c) , (d) , (e) , (h) and (l) above. 

68 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES TC 

The Borrower represents and warrants as of the Closing Date and as of each Funding Date that: 
 SECTION 5.01 Organization and Good Standing TC . The Borrower is duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation, has all necessary powers and all material governmental business authorizations, consents and approvals required to carry on its business as now conducted and is duly qualified as a foreign company, licensed and in good standing in each jurisdiction where qualification or licensing is required by the nature of its business or the character and location of its property, business or customers and in which the failure to so qualify or be licensed or in good standing, as the case may be, in the aggregate, could have a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 5.02 Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations TC . The Borrower has the corporate or other necessary power and authority, and the legal right to execute, deliver and perform the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and to obtain extensions of credit hereunder, and has taken all necessary corporate or other action to authorize the borrowings and other actions on the terms and conditions of this Agreement and to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by it of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. No consent, approval, licenses, validation or authorization of, filing, recording or registration with, notice to, exemption by or other similar act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority or any other Person (including, without limitation, any stockholder, certificateholder or creditor of any Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries) is required to be obtained or made by or on behalf of any Borrower in connection with the borrowings or other extensions of credit hereunder, the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability by or against it of the Transaction Documents or the exercise of the rights and remedies of the Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other Protected Party pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except for (i) consents, authorizations, notices and filings disclosed in Schedule 5.02 , all of which have been obtained or made, (ii) filings to perfect and maintain the perfection of the Liens created by the Collateral Documents and (iii) consents, authorizations, notices and filings in connection with the disposal of Collateral required by laws affecting the offering and sale of securities. This Agreement has been, and each other Transaction Document to which any Borrower is a party will be, duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Person. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Transaction Document to which any Borrower is a party when executed and delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of The Borrower thereto, enforceable against such Person in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by equitable principles of general applicability (regardless of whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 

SECTION 5.03 No Conflicts TC . Neither the execution and delivery by the Facility Parties of the Transaction Documents to which each is a party, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated therein, nor performance of and compliance with the terms and 

69 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 provisions thereof by the Borrower, nor the exercise of remedies by the Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Lenders under the Loan Documents, will (i) violate or conflict with any provision of the Organization Documents of any Facility Party, (ii) violate, contravene or conflict with any Applicable Law (including Regulation U or Regulation X), (iii) violate, contravene or conflict with any Contractual Obligation to which any Facility Party is a party or by which any Facility Party may be bound, or (iv) result in or require the creation of any Lien (other than the Lien of the Collateral Documents) upon or with respect to the properties of any Facility Party. 

SECTION 5.04 No Default TC . No Facility Party is in default in any respect under any Contractual Obligation to which it is a party or by which any of its properties is bound, in each case which default has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default, Early Amortization Event, Event of Default or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, Manager Event of Default, has occurred and is continuing. 

SECTION 5.05 Financial Condition TC . 

(a) Audited Financial Statements . The consolidated balance sheet of GBX and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of August 31, 2020 and the related consolidated statements of income and cash flows for the fiscal year then ended, reported on by GBX s independent auditors, copies of which have been delivered to each of the Lenders (except to the extent such financial statements are publicly available), fairly present, in conformity with GAAP, the consolidated financial position of GBX and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date and their consolidated results of operations and cash flows for such fiscal year. 

(b) Unaudited Financial Statements . The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of GBX and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of November 30, 2020 and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income and cash flows for the three months then ended, copies of which have been delivered to each of the Lenders (except to the extent such financial statements are publicly available), fairly present, in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with the financial statements referred to in subsection (a) of this Section, the consolidated financial position of GBX and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date and their consolidated results of operations and cash flows for such three-month period (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments). During the period from November 30, 2020 to and including the Closing Date, there has been no sale, transfer or other disposition by GBX or any of its consolidated Subsidiaries of any material part of the business or property of GBX and its consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and no purchase or other acquisition by them of any business or property (including any Equity Interests of any other Person) material in relation to the consolidated financial condition of GBX and its consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which is not reflected in the foregoing financial statements or in the notes thereto. The balance sheets and the notes thereto included in the financial statements referred to in this subsection (a) above disclose all liabilities, actual or contingent, of GBX and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the date thereof required to be disclosed therein in accordance with GAAP. 

(c) Post-Closing Financial Statements . The financial statements to be delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 6.01(a) and (b) , if any, (i) will have been prepared in accordance with GAAP (except as may otherwise be permitted under Section 6.01(a) and (b) and (ii) will present fairly (on the basis disclosed in the footnotes to such financial statements, if any) the 

70 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of GBX Leasing and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the respective dates thereof and for the respective periods covered thereby. 

(d) No Undisclosed Liabilities . Except as set forth in the financial statements described in subsections (a) and (b) above or in any public disclosure filed by GBX with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, and for the Debt incurred under this Agreement, (i) there were as of the Closing Date (and after giving effect to any Loans made on such date) and the Closing Date, no liabilities or obligations (excluding current obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business) with respect to any Facility Party of any nature whatsoever (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise and whether or not due and including obligations or liabilities for Taxes, long-term leases and unusual forward or other long-term commitments), and (ii) no Facility Party knows of any basis for the assertion against any Facility Party of any such liability or obligation which, either individually or in the aggregate, are or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 5.06 No Material Adverse Effect . Since its formation there has been no Material Adverse Effect, and no event or development has occurred which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 5.07 Title to Properties TC . On the Closing Date and during the term of this Agreement, the Borrower shall be the sole legal and beneficial owner of and shall have good and marketable title to each Portfolio Railcar and Portfolio Lease and all of its other material properties and assets, except, in the case of assets other than Portfolio Railcars and Portfolio Leases, for minor defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted. All such Portfolio Railcars and Portfolio Leases and other material properties and assets are and will be free and clear of Liens other than Permitted Liens. 

SECTION 5.08 Litigation TC . There are no actions, suits, investigations or legal, equitable, arbitration or administrative proceedings pending or overtly threatened (or any basis therefor known to any Borrower) against or affecting any Borrower that (i) involve any Transaction Document or (ii) could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 5.09 Taxes TC . The Borrower has filed, or caused to be filed, all tax returns (including federal, state, local and foreign tax returns) the failure of which to be filed could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and paid (i) all amounts of Taxes shown thereon to be due (including interest and penalties) and (ii) all other material Taxes, fees, assessments and other governmental charges (including mortgage recording Taxes, documentary stamp Taxes and intangible Taxes) owing by it, except for such Taxes (A) which are not yet delinquent or (B) that are being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings diligently pursued, and against which adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP. The Borrower does not know of any pending investigation of the Borrower by any taxing authority or proposed tax assessments against the Borrower. 

SECTION 5.10 Compliance with Law TC . (a) The Borrower is in compliance with all requirements of Applicable Law (including the Prohibited Nations Acts and 

71 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Environmental Laws) applicable to it or to its properties, except where such failures to comply could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither any Borrower nor any of their respective material properties or assets is subject to or in default with respect to any judgment, writ, injunction, decree or order of any court or other Governmental Authority, except where such defaults could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower has not received any written communication from any Governmental Authority that alleges that any of them is not in compliance in any material respect with any Applicable Law, except for allegations that have been satisfactorily resolved and are no longer outstanding, or which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) To the Borrower s knowledge, after making due inquiry, the Borrower is not under investigation by any Governmental Authority for, or has been charged with, or convicted of, money laundering, drug trafficking, terrorist-related activities or other money laundering predicate crimes under any Applicable Law (collectively, Anti-Money Laundering Laws ). The Borrower has taken reasonable measures appropriate to the circumstances (in any event as required by Applicable Law) to ensure that the Borrower is and will continue to be in compliance with all applicable current and future Anti-Money Laundering Laws and the Prohibited Nations Acts. 

SECTION 5.11 ERISA TC . (a) Each Pension Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Applicable Laws. Each Pension Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the IRS or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the IRS with respect thereto and, to the best knowledge of the Facility Parties, nothing has occurred which would prevent, or cause the loss of such qualification. The Borrower and, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, each ERISA Affiliate have made all required contributions to each Pension Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code, and, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, no application for a funding waiver or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Section 412 of the Code has been made with respect to any Pension Plan. 

(b) There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of the Facility Parties, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Pension Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Pension Plan that has resulted or could be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (i) No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; (ii) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA); (iii) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Sections 305 or 4201 of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer Plan; and (iv) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA 

72 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA. 

SECTION 5.12 Subsidiaries TC . The Borrower has no Subsidiaries other than the Canadian Subsidiary. 

SECTION 5.13 Governmental Regulations, Etc TC . (a) The Borrower is not engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U. No proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly, or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U. If requested by any Lender or the Agent, the Borrower will furnish to the Agent and each Lender a statement to the foregoing effect in conformity with the requirements of FR Form U-1 referred to in Regulation U. Margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U does not constitute more than 25.00 of the value of the assets of the Borrower. None of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including the direct or indirect use of the proceeds of the Loans) will violate or result in a violation of the Securities Act, as amended, the Exchange Act or regulations issued pursuant thereto, or Regulation T, U or X. 

(b) Neither Facility Party is subject to regulation under the Federal Power Act or the Investment Company Act of 1940, each as amended. In addition, neither Facility Party is (i) an investment company registered or required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended or (ii) controlled by such a company. 

(c) No director, executive officer or principal holder of any Equity Interest of any Facility Party is a director, executive officer or principal shareholder of any Lender. For the purposes hereof, the terms director , executive officer and principal shareholder (when used with reference to any Lender) have the respective meanings assigned thereto in Regulation O. 

SECTION 5.14 Purpose of Loans TC . The proceeds of the Loans made on each Funding Date will be used solely to fund the Purchase Price of Eligible Railcars and related Eligible Leases added to the Portfolio on such Funding Date and to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith. 

SECTION 5.15 Environmental Matters TC . The Borrower has complied in all respects with all applicable Environmental Laws, except where the failure to comply could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower has not received written notice of any actual or claimed or asserted failure so to comply with Environmental Laws which alone, or together with any other such liability or notices which have been previously or concurrently received, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, other than in connection with failures which have been corrected. No hazardous wastes, hazardous substances, hazardous materials, toxic substances or toxic pollutants, as those terms are used in any Environmental Laws, are managed on any property of any Borrower in violation of any regulations promulgated pursuant thereto or any other Applicable Law, except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

73 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 SECTION 5.16 Solvency TC . The Borrower is and, after consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Transaction Documents and Lease Documents, will be Solvent. 

SECTION 5.17 Collateral Documents TC . 

(a) The Security Agreement is effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Protected Parties, a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral and, when the filings, recordations or other actions described in Section 3.02 of the Security Agreement shall have been completed, the Security Agreement shall constitute a fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the grantors thereunder in the Collateral, in each case to the extent provided in such Section 3.02. 

(b) The Collateral Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Protected Parties, will at all times have the Liens provided for in the Collateral Documents and, subject to the filing by the Agent of continuation statements to the extent required by the Uniform Commercial Code, the Collateral Documents will at all times constitute valid and continuing liens of record and first priority perfected security interests in all the Collateral referred to therein, except as priority may be affected by Permitted Liens. 

SECTION 5.18 Ownership TC . GBX Leasing owns, directly or indirectly, 100 of the Equity Interest of the Borrower. The Borrower owns, directly or indirectly, 100 of the Equity Interest of the Canadian Subsidiary. 

SECTION 5.19 Lease Documents TC . The Borrower has delivered or caused to be delivered to the Agent true and complete copies of the Lease Documents and any amendments or supplements thereto to which the Borrower is a party, and, except for amendments so disclosed to the Agent, such documents have not been amended or modified. 

SECTION 5.20 Sole Business of the Borrower TC . The sole business of the Borrower is the ownership, leasing and financing of Railcars. The Borrower has not engaged in any activities since its organization (other than those incidental to its organization and other appropriate steps and arrangement for the payment of fees to, and director s and officer s insurance for, the officers and directors of the Borrower, the acquisition and leasing of the Portfolio Railcars and the funding of the Purchase Price thereof, the authorization and issuance of the Notes, the execution of this Agreement, and the other Transaction Documents and the Lease Documents to which it is a party and the activities referred to in or contemplated by such agreements), and the Borrower has not paid any dividends or other distributions since its organization, except as permitted pursuant to Section 7.07 hereof. 

SECTION 5.21 Separate Corporate Structure; No Employees TC . At all times since the Closing Date: 

(i) The Borrower is operated as a separate legal entity from the Manager and its Affiliates and will observe all corporate formalities necessary to remain a legal entity separate and distinct from, and independent of the Manager, GBX Leasing and their respective Affiliates. 

74 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (ii) The Borrower has satisfied the minimum capitalization requirements under the laws of the State of Delaware for purposes of conducting its business. 

(iii) The Borrower has complied in all respects with the requirements set forth in its Organization Documents. 

(iv) The Borrower currently corresponds with all third parties with regard to the business of the Borrower on stationery with letterhead identifying the Borrower and containing no reference to the Manager, GBX Leasing and their respective Affiliates (other than the Borrower). 

(v) The Borrower keeps complete and accurate entity records, books, accounts and minutes separate from those of the Manager, GBX Leasing and their respective Affiliates (other than each Facility Party) or any other Person. 

(vi) The Borrower has held itself out to the public (including to creditors of the Borrower, the Manager, GBX Leasing and their respective Affiliates) under the Borrower s own name as a separate and distinct entity. 

(vii) The Borrower has not directly or indirectly entered into any transaction with the Manager, GBX Leasing and their respective Affiliates except as expressly permitted by the Loan Documents and then in an arm s-length bargain. 

(viii) The Borrower has not loaned funds to, guaranteed or become obligated with respect to claims against the Manager, GBX Leasing and their respective Affiliates or any other Person or entity except as expressly permitted by the Loan Documents or as provided by operation of consolidated group principles of U.S. federal income Tax and ERISA laws. 

(ix) The Borrower has kept its assets and liabilities as reflected in its books and records separate from those of the Manager, GBX Leasing and their respective Affiliates and has not and at all times will not commingle such assets and liabilities (except as expressly permitted pursuant to this Agreement). 

(x) The Borrower has kept adequate records to permit the segregation of its assets and liabilities from those of the Manager, GBX Leasing and their respective Affiliates. 

(xi) The Borrower has not held itself out to the public as a division of the Manager or GBX Leasing or the Manager or GBX Leasing as a division of the Borrower. 

(xii) The Borrower has not induced third parties to rely on the creditworthiness of the Manager in order to have third parties enter into contracts with the Borrower. 

(xiii) The Borrower has and will pay its obligations in the ordinary course of business as a legal entity separate and distinct from the Manager, GBX Leasing and their respective Affiliates. 

75 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (xiv) The Borrower has and will keep its funds separate and distinct from any funds of the Manager, GBX Leasing and their respective Affiliates (except as contemplated by the use of the GLC Payment Processing Account and except for misdirected Lease payments), and will receive, deposit, withdraw and disburse such funds separate from any funds of the Manager and its Affiliates. 

(xv) The Borrower has no employees. 

(xvi) Each Facility Party is otherwise in compliance with the corporate governance and other factual assumptions applicable to it set forth in the nonconsolidation opinion delivered by Vedder Price P.C. on April 1, 2021. 

SECTION 5.22 Leases TC . (i) Each Lease shown as an Eligible Lease on the Monthly Report most recently delivered to the Agent and the Lenders in accordance with Section 6.01(f) was an Eligible Lease as of the date of such Monthly Report, (ii) except as otherwise disclosed in writing by the Borrower to the Agent, no Lease Event of Default known to the Borrower or the Manager after due inquiry has occurred and is continuing under any Portfolio Lease and each Portfolio Lease is in full force and effect, (iii) except as otherwise disclosed in writing by the Borrower to the Agent and to each Lender, no Lease Event of Default due to failure to pay rent or Lessee insolvency known to either Facility Party after due inquiry has occurred and is continuing under any Portfolio Lease and no Portfolio Lease has been terminated due to a Lease Event of Default and (iv) the description of Lease Events of Default occurring under a Lease, if any, included in a Request and any supplement thereto accurately describes in all material respects Lease Events of Default during the periods described of which any Facility Party is aware after due inquiry as of the relevant Funding Date. 

SECTION 5.23 Railcars TC . Each Railcar shown as an Eligible Railcar on the Monthly Report most recently delivered to the Agent and the Lenders in accordance with Section 6.01(f) was an Eligible Railcar as of the date of such Monthly Report. 

SECTION 5.24 Sanctioned Person TC . (a) None of the Borrower, any Subsidiary, or any director, officer or, to the Knowledge of the Borrower, any employee, agent, or affiliate of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, is an individual or entity that is, is Controlled by, or is majority owned (individually or in the aggregate, directly or indirectly) by, Persons that are the target of any sanctions administered or enforced by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State (collectively, Sanctions ), or, in violation of Applicable Law, is located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the target of comprehensive trade Sanctions, and (b) the Borrower will not use the proceeds of the Loans or lend, contribute or otherwise make available proceeds of the Loans to any Person, (i) to fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions, or (ii) in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including any person participating in the Loans). 

SECTION 5.25 Additional Representations TC . In connection with the Agreement, the Borrower represents, warrants and agrees that: 

76 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (a) its assets are consolidated with the assets and liabilities of The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. for purposes of generally accepted accounting principles; 

(b) it is not required to register as an investment company as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act in reliance on an exemption available under Section 3(b)(1) of the 1940 Act, although other statutory or regulatory exemptions or exceptions under the 1940 Act may also be available to the Borrower; and 

(c) it is not a covered fund under 17 C.F.R. 75.10(b) (commonly known as the Volcker Rule ). In reaching this conclusion, the Borrower is entitled to rely on the exemption from the definition of investment company set forth in Section 3(b)(1) of the 1940 Act, although other statutory or regulatory exemptions or exceptions under the 1940 Act may also be available to the Borrower. 

SECTION 5.26 Beneficial Ownership Certificate TC . As of the Closing Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certificate is true and correct in all respects. 

SECTION 5.27 Uniform Commercial Code TC . No party other than the Borrower, GBX or GMS holds (i) an original executed counterpart of any Lease that constitutes tangible chattel paper in which any party can obtain a security interest by possession under the Uniform Commercial Code or (ii) the single authoritative copy of any Lease that constitutes electronic chattel paper under the Uniform Commercial Code. 

ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS TC 

Each Facility Party agrees that so long as any Lender has any Commitment hereunder or any Obligation or other amount payable hereunder or under any Note or other Loan Document remains unpaid: 
 SECTION 6.01 Information TC . Except to the extent such information is publicly available, Borrower will furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the Agent (which the Agent shall be authorized to redistribute to the Lenders): 

(a) Annual Financial Statements. 

(i) As soon as available, and in any event within 150 days after the end of each fiscal year of GBX Leasing, a consolidated balance sheet and income statement of GBX Leasing and its consolidated Subsidiaries, as of the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of operations and retained earnings and cash flows for such fiscal year, and 

(ii) As soon as available, and in any event within 120 days after the end of each of its fiscal years, its balance sheet and income statement as of the end of such fiscal year, and the related statements of operations and retained earnings and cash flows for such fiscal year, which financial statements shall be unconsolidated and contain the same information as is used to prepare the audited financial statements for GBX Leasing, 

77 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 in each case setting forth in comparative form figures for the preceding fiscal year, all such financial statements to be in reasonable form and detail and audited by KPMG LLP or other independent certified public accountants of recognized national standing reasonably acceptable to the Agent and accompanied by an opinion of such accountants (which shall not be qualified or limited in any material respect) to the effect that such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present fairly the consolidated financial position and results of operations and cash flows of GBX Leasing and its consolidated Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP consistently applied (except for changes with which such accountants concur). 
 (b) Quarterly Financial Statements . As soon as available, and in any event within 90 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters in each fiscal year of GBX Leasing, a consolidated balance sheet of GBX Leasing and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal quarter, together with related consolidated statements of operations and retained earnings and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of such fiscal year, in each case setting forth in comparative form figures for the corresponding periods of the preceding fiscal year, all such financial statements to be in form and detail and reasonably acceptable to the Agent, and accompanied by a certificate of an officer of GBX Leasing, to the effect that such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial position and results of operations and cash flows of GBX Leasing in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to changes resulting from normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes required by GAAP. 

(c) Officer s Certificate . At the time of delivery of the financial statements provided for in Sections 6.01(a) and 6.01(b) above, a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower stating that no Manager Event of Default, Early Amortization Event, or Event of Default exists, or if any Manager Event of Default, Early Amortization Event or Event of Default does exist, specifying the nature and extent thereof and what action the applicable Borrower proposes to take with respect thereto. 

(d) Borrowing Base Certificates . Not later than the second Business Day prior to each Settlement Date, a Borrowing Base Certificate as of the end of the immediately preceding calendar month, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-6 hereto and certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower to be true and correct as of the date thereof. 

(e) Notices Regarding Collateral . Promptly upon a Responsible Officer of any Borrower obtaining knowledge thereof, notice of Liens with respect to any Portfolio Railcar other than Permitted Liens. 

(f) Monthly Report . Not later than the second Business Day prior to each Settlement Date a Monthly Report setting forth the information contained in such Monthly Report for the Measuring Period ending most recently prior to such date provided that if and to the extent such information is available only from a Lessee or the Agent, the Borrower s obligation to provide such information shall be limited to providing such information as the Borrower is able to obtain from the Agent and such Lessee through commercially reasonable efforts to enforce applicable provisions of the applicable Lease), including a complete list showing the Manufacturer, type, car number, date of manufacture and Mark of each Portfolio Railcar and each Lease with respect 

78 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 thereto, together with an executed and fully completed officer s certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit M hereto (if expenses are to be reimbursed to the Manager as described in such certificate). The Agent shall review the Monthly Report and, in its sole discretion, provide the Borrower with any corrections or supplemental information regarding the Loans or amounts paid into or held in the Accounts, which corrections and/or information the Borrower shall include in a revised Monthly Report. Not later than the second Business Day after receipt of any corrections or supplemental information provided by the Agent (or, absent any such corrections or supplemental information, not later than the second Business Day after such Settlement Date), the Borrower shall provide the Lenders with a copy of the Monthly Report, as revised pursuant to the preceding sentence. 

(g) Auditor s Reports . Promptly upon receipt thereof, a copy of any other report or management letter submitted by independent accountants to any Borrower in connection with any annual, interim or special audit of the books of the Borrower. 

(h) Notices . Prompt notice upon a Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtaining knowledge thereof of: (i) the occurrence of any Manager Event of Default, Early Amortization Event or Event of Default; (ii) any matter that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including: (A) breach or non-performance of, or any default under, a Contractual Obligation of Borrower; (B) any dispute, litigation, investigation or proceeding between the Borrower and any Governmental Authority; (C) any litigation, investigation or proceeding affecting the Borrower in which the amount involved exceeds 1,000,000, or in which injunctive relief or similar relief is sought, which relief, if granted, could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (D) any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practice by the Borrower. Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.01(h) shall (i) be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto and (ii) if applicable, describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents that have been breached. 

(i) Domestication in Other Jurisdiction . As soon as reasonably practicable after resolving to effect a change in the form or jurisdiction of organization of the Borrower, written notice of such intent, and in any event not less than 30 days prior to any change in the form or jurisdiction of organization of the Borrower, a copy of all documents and certificates intended to be filed or otherwise executed to effect such change. 

(j) Agreed-Upon Procedures Report . With reasonable promptness after the receipt thereof by any Facility Party any time following the second anniversary of the Closing Date, a copy of any report produced by FTI Consulting, Inc. in connection with an Agreed-Upon Procedures Audit conducted pursuant to Section 6.10(b) . 

(k) Other Information . With reasonable promptness upon request therefor, such other information regarding the business, properties or financial condition of the Borrower as the Agent or any Lender may reasonably request. 

79 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 SECTION 6.02 Preservation of Existence and Franchises; Authorizations, Approvals and Recordations TC . The Borrower will do all things necessary to preserve the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of this Agreement, the Notes or any other Lease Document or Transaction Document, or permit the making of any payment or the transfer or remittance of any funds by the Borrower under this Agreement, the Notes or any other Lease Document or Transaction Document. 

SECTION 6.03 Books and Records TC . The Borrower will keep complete and accurate books and records of its transactions in accordance with good accounting practices on the basis of GAAP (including the establishment and maintenance of appropriate reserves) and shall keep full and accurate books relating to the Collateral, all credits granted thereon, all merchandise returned and all other dealings therewith, and the Borrower will make the same available to the Agent for inspection, at the Borrower s own cost and expense, as provided in Section 6.10(a) . Upon direction of the Agent, the Borrower shall stamp or otherwise mark such books and records in such manner as the Agent may reasonably require in order to reflect the Security Interests. The Borrower will keep, or, with respect to the Portfolio Railcars and the Portfolio Leases, cause the Manager to keep, at all times books of record and account adequate to identify the Portfolio Railcars and Portfolio Leases and to locate the Portfolio Railcars and Portfolio Leases and, to the extent that the Lessee is required to provide such information pursuant to the applicable Portfolio Lease, to disclose its use, maintenance, condition and the income generated to the Borrower through the use thereof, in which full, true and correct entries will be made. 

SECTION 6.04 ERISA TC . The Borrower will not maintain or otherwise be or become liable or contingently liable in respect of any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan. 

SECTION 6.05 Payment of Taxes and Other Debt; Tax Status TC . The Borrower will pay and discharge (i) all material Taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies imposed upon it, or upon its income or profits, or upon any of its properties, before they shall become delinquent, (ii) all lawful claims (including claims for labor, materials and supplies) which, if unpaid, might give rise to a Lien upon any of the Collateral and (iii) all of its other Debt as it shall become due; provided , however , that the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such Tax, assessment, charge, levy, claim or Debt which is being contested or negotiated in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently pursued and as to which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP, unless the failure to make any such payment could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Borrower will at all times continue to be treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes and will ensure that it is at all times not subject to any requirement to withhold tax with respect to payments or income allocable to direct or indirect beneficial owners for such purposes. 

SECTION 6.06 Insurance; Certain Proceeds TC . (a) The Borrower will at all times maintain in full force and effect insurance in such amounts, covering such risk and liabilities and with such deductibles or self-insurance retentions as are in accordance with normal industry practice (or as are otherwise required by the Collateral Documents), and in any event in compliance with the requirements of Schedule 6.06 hereof. Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, (i) with respect to any Portfolio Railcar subject to a Lease, each Facility Party agrees that it (or the Manager acting on its behalf) shall enforce the provisions of the Lease 

80 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 against the applicable Lessee as to all required insurance in accordance with the terms of the Management Documents, (ii) with respect to any Portfolio Railcar not subject to a Net Lease, in addition to its covenants with respect to the Collateral described herein and of Schedule 6.06 hereof, the Borrower shall comply with the provisions of the Management Documents regarding insurance for such Portfolio Railcar, and (iii) the Borrower shall ensure that at all times property damage insurances against physical damage of the Portfolio Railcars shall be in effect (which may be accomplished pursuant to a contingent physical damage policy) in an amount not less than the replacement cost of such Portfolio Railcars, subject to an aggregate limit of not less than 2,500,000 per occurrence; provided that such coverage may provide for deductible amounts of not more than 50,000 per occurrence (or 100,000, in the event that (i) coverage providing for a 50,000 deductible amount is not then available on commercially reasonable terms or (ii) a deductible amount of 100,000 is then customary in the railcar leasing industry with respect to such coverage). The Collateral Agent shall be named as loss payee or mortgagee, as its interest may appear, with respect to all such property damage insurance policies, and each provider of property damage insurance shall agree, by policy terms, endorsement upon the policy or policies issued by it, (i) that the insurance carrier shall pay all proceeds otherwise payable to the Borrower under such policies jointly to the Borrower and the Collateral Agent (which agreement shall be evidenced by a standard or New York lender s loss payable endorsement in the name of the Collateral Agent), (ii) to waive all claims for insurance premiums against the Collateral Agent and the other Protected Parties, (iii) to provide coverage to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Protected Parties regardless of the breach by the Borrower of any warranty or representation made therein, (iv) that no such policy is subject to co-insurance, and (v) that it will give the Collateral Agent prior written notice pursuant to policy terms and conditions before any such policy or policies shall be materially altered, terminated or canceled, and that no act or default of the Borrower or the Manager or any other Person (other than nonpayment of premiums) shall affect the rights of the Collateral Agent or the Lenders under such policy or policies. 

(b) Any cash receipts from a Casualty or Condemnation (whether by way of Casualty Proceeds or Lessee indemnity payments or otherwise) received by either of the Borrower or the Collateral Agent shall be deposited into the Modifications and Improvements Account and, subject to Section 2.07(c)(iii) , applied pursuant to Section 2.07(c)(i) (except for (i) Excepted Payments, which shall be payable to the Persons for whose benefit any such payment is made and (ii) in respect of an Event of Loss, which shall be applied in the same manner as Net Cash Proceeds). 

Upon the request of the Collateral Agent from time to time, the Borrower will promptly and duly execute and deliver any and all such further instruments and documents as may be specified in such request which are reasonably necessary to perfect, preserve or protect the security interests created or intended to be created for the Replacement Railcars referred to herein, or to establish that the Borrower has title to such Railcars. 
 (c) Neither Facility Party shall operate any Portfolio Railcar or consent to any Portfolio Railcar being operated in violation of any provision of any insurance policy in effect with respect to such Railcar or in any jurisdiction where all of the insurance required hereunder shall not remain in full force and effect or in violation of any law, treaty, statute, rule, directive, regulation or order of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over such Portfolio 

81 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Railcar or in violation of any applicable certificate, license or registration relating to such Portfolio Railcar issued by any such Governmental Authority. 

(d) In connection with the covenants set forth in this Section 6.06 , it is understood and agreed that: 

(i) none of the Collateral Agent, the Agent, the Lenders or their respective agents or employees shall be liable for any loss or damage insured by the insurance policies required to be maintained under this Section 6.06 , it being understood that (A) the Borrower shall look solely to its insurance companies or any other parties other than the aforesaid parties for the recovery of such loss or damage and (B) such insurance companies shall have no rights of subrogation against the Collateral Agent, the Agent, the Lenders or their agents or employees; provided , however , that if the insurance policies do not provide waiver of subrogation rights against such parties, as required above, then the Borrower hereby agrees to waive its right of recovery, if any, against the Collateral Agent, the Agent, the Lenders and their agents and employees, to the extent permitted by law; and 

(ii) the Borrower will permit an insurance consultant retained by the Agent, at the expense of the Borrower, to review from time to time the insurance policies maintained by or on behalf of the Borrower annually or upon the occurrence of an Event of Default. 

SECTION 6.07 Operation, Use and Maintenance TC . 

(a) Operation and Use . Each Facility Party will and will require each Lessee to use the Portfolio Railcars only for lawful purposes and shall use and operate and require each Lessee to use and operate the Portfolio Railcars in compliance in all material respects with Applicable Law, except for so long as such Facility Party or a Lessee is contesting in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted the validity or application of such Applicable Law in any reasonable manner. The Portfolio Railcars may not be located or used in any country other than the United States, Canada or Mexico. 

(b) Maintenance . Each Facility Party will (to the extent Railcars are subject to a Full Service Lease or are Off-Lease) or will require each Lessee (to the extent Railcars are subject to a Net Lease) to keep, repair and maintain the Portfolio Railcars (i) in good order and operating condition according to industry practice for Railcars of similar age and vintage, ordinary wear and tear excepted, (ii) in compliance in all material respects with Applicable Law, except for so long as ta Facility Party or a Lessee is contesting in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted the validity or application of such Applicable Law in any reasonable manner, (iii) suitable for use in interchange in accordance with the Interchange Rules and (iv) at least as well in all material respects as it would for other similar equipment owned or operated by the Borrower. In addition to (but without limitation of) the foregoing obligation of each Facility Party, 

82 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (i) with respect to any Portfolio Railcar subject to a Net Lease, such Facility Party will use reasonable commercial efforts to cause the Lessee of such Railcar to comply with the maintenance requirements set forth in such Lease, and 

(ii) with respect to any Portfolio Railcar not subject to a Net Lease, such Facility will or will cause the Manager to cause the Railcar to comply with the maintenance requirements set forth in the Management Agreement consistent with the Services Standard. 

(c) Identification Numbers . Each Facility Party may change or permit to be changed the identifying number of any Portfolio Railcar in accordance with its or the Manager s normal business practices at the time applied in a nondiscriminatory manner. Annually with the delivery of the Monthly Report in January of each year or promptly upon request of the Collateral Agent if there exists an Event of Default, each Facility Party (or the Manager on its behalf) shall deliver to the Collateral Agent a list of the identifying numbers of all Portfolio Railcars that have been changed within the prior calendar year and prior thereto to the extent not previously disclosed by the Borrower and evidence of the filing, recording or depositing in such public offices where the Security Agreement (or memoranda or notices thereof) have been filed, recorded or deposited reflecting any changes in identifying numbers which have occurred within such period and prior thereto to the extent not previously disclosed by such Facility Party as may be necessary to preserve and perfect the interest of the Collateral Agent and the Lenders in the Portfolio Railcars whose identifying numbers have changed. 

(d) Insignia . Except as provided in Section 6.07(c), neither Facility Party will allow the name of any Person to be placed on any Railcar as a designation that might be interpreted as a claim of ownership; provided , however , that the Borrower may permit any of the Portfolio Railcars to be lettered with the names, trademarks, initials or other insignia customarily used by the Borrower or its Affiliates, or any Lessee or its Affiliates, on railroad equipment used or leased by such Person of the same or a similar type for convenience of identification of its right to use such Portfolio Railcar under any applicable Lease, and any of the Portfolio Railcars may be lettered in an appropriate manner for convenience of identification of the interest of the Borrower or any Lessee therein. 

SECTION 6.08 Replacement of Parts; Modifications and Improvements TC . 

(a) Replacement of Parts . Each Facility Party, at its sole cost and expense (whether from the Maintenance Reserve Account, by reimbursement of expenses incurred by the Manager, will as promptly as practicable replace, or cause any Lessee to replace, all Parts with respect to Portfolio Railcars that are not subject to a Lease or are required to be maintained by the applicable Borrower that may from time to time become worn out, obsolete, lost, stolen, destroyed, seized, confiscated, damaged beyond repair or permanently rendered unfit for use for any reason whatsoever. In addition, in the course of maintenance, service, repair, overhaul or testing, the Borrower, or a Lessee, at its sole cost and expense, may remove any Part, whether or not worn out, obsolete, lost, stolen, destroyed, seized, confiscated, damaged beyond repair or permanently rendered unfit for use. All replacement Parts shall be selected and installed in accordance with the Borrower s or the Manager s normal business practices at that time applied 

83 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 in a nondiscriminatory manner, and shall be free and clear of all Liens except Permitted Liens and shall be in good operating condition. 

(b) Modifications and Improvements . Each Facility Party, at its expense (whether from the Modifications and Improvements Account, by reimbursement of expenses incurred by the Manager, shall make or cause to be made such material modifications and improvements to each Portfolio Railcar: (i) to the extent required of the Borrower by the terms of the applicable Lease or (ii) as may be (A) set forth as requiring present compliance in any mandatory directives adopted by any Governmental Authority or (B) required from time to time to meet the applicable standards of the Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over it or the appropriate Railcar or the standards of any applicable maintenance program, unless the validity of such standard is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings. 

SECTION 6.09 Use of Proceeds TC . The Borrower will use the proceeds of the Loans solely for the purposes set forth in Section 5.13 and not for any purposes which would result in a violation of Applicable Law, including Anti-Money Laundering Laws, Prohibited Nations Acts or applicable Sanctions. 

SECTION 6.10 Audits/Inspections/Appraisals TC . 

(a) Audits and Inspections . Upon reasonable notice and during normal business hours, each Facility Party will permit representatives appointed by the Agent (at the expense of the Agent except as set forth in the proviso hereto), including independent accountants, agents, employees, attorneys and appraisers, to visit, audit and inspect its property and operations, including its books, records, reports and other papers related to the Collateral or to its accounts receivable and inventory, its facilities and its other business assets, and to make photocopies or photographs thereof and to write down and record any information such representatives obtain and shall permit the Agent or such representatives to investigate and verify the accuracy of information provided to the Agent and to discuss all such matters with the officers and independent accountants and representatives of each Facility party; provided that (i) so long as no Event of Default or Manager Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower shall pay the costs and expenses incurred in connection with one such audit or inspection a year conducted at the request of the Agent or the Majority Lenders and (ii) if an Event of Default or a Manager Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Borrower shall pay the costs and expenses of any and all such inspections conducted at the request of the Agent or the Majority Lenders. The Borrower will cooperate with the Agent to resolve, in a commercially-reasonable manner, all issues, if any, discovered in the course of such audit or inspection or in the course of any Agreed-Upon Procedures Audit. The Borrower will from time to time upon the reasonable request of the Agent, permit the Agent, the Collateral Agent or professionals (including investment bankers, consultants, attorneys, accountants and appraisers) retained by the Agent to (x) conduct evaluations and appraisals of (A) the Borrower s practices in the computation of the Borrowing Base and (B) subject to the provisions of Section 6.10(c) below, in the case of Railcars, the assets included in the Collateral and (y) subject to restrictions and procedures on inspection of the Portfolio Railcars in any applicable Lease, conduct a physical inspection of any Portfolio Railcar or otherwise obtain a Physical Inspection Report with respect thereto at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, and 

84 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 the Borrower will pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such professionals in accordance with Section 11.04 . 

(b) Agreed-Upon Procedures Audit . Annually, commencing with the second anniversary of the Closing Date, upon reasonable notice and during normal business hours, each Facility Party will permit representatives from FTI Consulting, Inc. or such other auditing firm reasonably acceptable to the Borrower (at the expense of the Borrower) to visit, audit and inspect its property and operations and conduct an agreed-upon procedures audit, which will be limited to the scope set forth on Schedule 6.10 (each, an Agreed-Upon Procedures Audit ); provided that, such Agreed-Upon Procedures Audit will not be counted for purposes of the limit set forth in clause (i) of Section 6.10(a) above. 

(c) Appraisals . The Borrower shall at their expense provide an Independent Appraisal with respect to all of the Portfolio Railcars 

(i) on the applicable Funding Date, 

(ii) within 90 days of each anniversary of the Closing Date, including the Revolving Termination Date, and 

(iii) at any time at the request of the Agent provided , that unless an Event of Default or Manager Event of Default has occurred, a requested appraisal in addition to those provided for in clauses (i) through (ii) above, shall be at the expense of the Agent). 

The Agent also may at any time and from time to time obtain an Independent Appraisal of any Railcar (in addition to the Independent Appraisal required pursuant to this Section 6.10(c) at its own expense. Each Independent Appraisal delivered pursuant to this Section 6.10(c) shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent; provided that with respect to any Railcar, when appropriate and acceptable to the Agent, any such Independent Appraisal may be in the form of a letter from an Independent Appraiser confirming the Independent Appraisal previously delivered by such Independent Appraiser with respect to such Railcar; provided further that, Independent Appraisals of any Railcar shall be based on the most recent Physical Inspection Report (if any) of such Railcar. 
 SECTION 6.11 Follow-On Leases TC . Any Portfolio Lease which was not in place as of the applicable Funding Date (and described in the applicable Notice of Borrowing) (a Follow-On Lease (i) will be an Eligible Lease, (ii) will only be a lease of Eligible Railcars and (iii) will have satisfied the applicable conditions precedent described in Section 4.02 hereof. 

SECTION 6.12 Accounts TC . 

(a) The Borrower shall cause to be established one or more accounts with the Depositary pursuant to the Depository Agreement in the name of the Borrower. The Borrower shall cause the Depositary to create the Collection Account, the Depository Account, the Liquidity Reserve Account, the Maintenance Reserve Account, the Discretionary Account, the Liquidity Fee Reserve Account, and the Modifications and Improvements Account, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Depository Agreement. Each Facility shall notify (and such Facility Party hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent so to notify), in each case following the 

85 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, each Lessee and other account debtors of such Facility Party in writing that each Lease and other accounts receivable of such Facility has been assigned to the Collateral Agent under the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Protected Parties. Each Facility Party shall notify and instruct each Lessee that all payments due or to become due under each Portfolio Lease (except for Excepted Payments (which shall be payable to the Persons for whose benefit any such payment is made)) or otherwise in respect of amounts and other receivables of the Borrower are to be made directly to the GLC Payment Processing Account (or, after the occurrence of the GLC Payment Processing Agreement Severance, the Collection Account). 

(b) Any amounts from time to time held in the Collection Account, the Maintenance Reserve Account, the Modifications and Improvements Account, the Discretionary Account, Liquidity Fee Reserve Account, and the Liquidity Reserve Account may be invested in Cash Equivalents (subject to the provisions of the Depository Agreement), at the Borrower s risk as directed in writing by the Borrower, until the application thereof in accordance with Section 2.07(c) hereof. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Agent may direct by notice the Depositary to pay to the Agent the amount specified in such notice from the Account(s) specified in such notice, and the Agent shall apply such amounts received from the Depositary to the repayment of the Obligations in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 2.07(c) . 

(c) Subject to the provisions of the Depository Agreement, the Agent may from time to time in its sole discretion (and, to the extent such application would have the effect of curing a Default under Section 9.01(a) hereof or if the Loans have become or been declared immediately due and payable pursuant to Section 9.02 , shall) instruct the Depositary to pay into the Collection Account any amounts from time to time on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account; provided that, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and then be continuing, (i) the Agent shall have obtained the consent of Borrower prior to giving such instruction and (ii) if and to the extent determined by the Agent and the Borrower that a reserve is required to be held in the Accounts in respect of anticipated claims by a Lessee for payment of deposit, maintenance reserves or insurance or indemnity payments, such reserve shall be retained in the Accounts. 

(d) Any amounts deposited into the Collection Account pursuant to this Section 6.12 shall be applied by the Agent in accordance with Section 2.07(c) . 

(e) The Manager hereby agrees to allocate all Cash Flow from the GLC Payment Processing Account to the Collections Account in accordance with the GLC Payment Processing Agreement. 

SECTION 6.13 Manager TC . 

(a) Each Facility Party acknowledges and agrees that, subject to the provisions of the next sentence, while any Obligation remains outstanding, GMS shall remain the Manager. Each Facility Party and the Agent further agree that, upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default or a Manager Event of Default and as otherwise provided in the Management Documents, the Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders), without the consent of the Borrower, shall have the right (and on the direction of the Majority Lenders, the obligation) 

86 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 to remove the Manager, terminate any Management Document(s) and/or cause a GLC Payment Processing Agreement Severance to occur, appoint a new Manager that is reasonably satisfactory to both the Agent and the Majority Lenders, in accordance with Section 8.04 or Section 8.06 of the Management Agreement, deliver the Payment Notice/Lessor Rights Notice to any and all Lessees with respect to any and all of the Portfolio Leases and enter into new Management Document(s) with such new Manager. 

SECTION 6.14 Compliance with Separate Corporate Structure; Employees TC . The Borrower will comply with Section 5.20 on an ongoing basis. 

SECTION 6.15 Required Disclosures TC . Promptly, following a request by the Agent or any Lender, each Facility Party shall provide all documentation and other information the Agent or any Lender reasonably requests about the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act. 

SECTION 6.16 Change of Name TC . Without limitation of any other requirements of the Loan Documents, no Facility Party shall change its legal name or any name under which it conducts business without giving not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Agent, provided that during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default, no Facility Party shall change its legal name or any name under which it conducts business, without the prior written consent of the Agent. 

SECTION 6.17 Lessee Consents TC . If in respect of any Lease, at any time such Lease prohibits the lessor of such Lease to assign in favor of the Borrower or the Collateral Agent or grant a Lien in respect of its rights thereunder, pursuant to the terms of the applicable Sale Agreement and the Collateral Documents, without the consent of the relevant Lessee given in accordance with the terms thereof Lessee Consent Requirements ), the applicable Borrower shall obtain a Lessee Consent in writing that such Lease has been assigned to the Collateral Agent under the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Protected Parties (A) in the case of a Lease of a Railcar acquired by the applicable Borrower as of the Closing Date, within 60 days after the Closing Date, (B) in the case of each Lease of a Railcar acquired by the applicable Borrower after the Closing Date, within sixty (60) days of the date such Railcar is acquired, (C) in the case of a Follow-On Lease, within sixty (60) days of the date such Lease commences and (D) in the case of any Lease under which Lessee Consent Requirements become effective after the date on which the applicable Railcar was acquired or, in the case of a Follow-On Lease, after the date the Lease commenced, within sixty (60) days of the date such Lessee Consent Requirements became effective. 

Each Lessee Consent shall be in form and substance sufficient to satisfy the Lessee Consent Requirements of such Lease. If, in accordance with the terms set forth above, a Lessee Consent complying with this Section 6.17 is not obtained from the applicable Lessee within 60 days of the date on which such Lessee Consent Requirement arose, the applicable Railcars shall be excluded from the calculation of the Borrowing Base until such time as such Lessee Consent has been obtained. 

87 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS TC 

The Borrower agrees that so long as any Lender has any Commitment hereunder or any Obligations or other amount payable hereunder or under any Note or other Loan Document remains unpaid: 
 SECTION 7.01 Limitation on Debt TC . Neither Facility Party will incur, create, assume or permit to exist any Debt, including, without limitation, Derivatives Obligations except: 

(i) Debt of the Borrower under or permitted by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; and 

(ii) Derivatives Obligations of the Borrower under Derivatives Agreements to the extent entered into after the Closing Date with the express written consent of the Agent to manage interest rate risks and not for speculative purposes; provided, however, that, for the avoidance of doubt, (A) no such Derivatives Agreement shall require the posting of collateral and (B) the Borrower shall not post any collateral in respect of any Derivatives Agreement, in each case other than collateral which is subject or which is purported to be subject to the Liens granted by the Collateral Documents. 

SECTION 7.02 Restriction on Liens TC . The Borrower will not create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired by it or on any income or rights in respect of any thereof, except Permitted Liens. 

SECTION 7.03 Nature of Business TC . The Borrower will not alter the character or conduct of the business conducted by it as of the Closing Date and activities directly related thereto. 

SECTION 7.04 Consolidation, Merger and Dissolution TC . The Borrower will not enter into any transaction of merger or consolidation or liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself or its affairs (or suffer any liquidations or dissolutions). 

SECTION 7.05 Asset Dispositions TC . The Borrower will not make or permit or consent to any Asset Disposition; provided that (i) the Borrower may make or permit or consent to any Asset Disposition by way of Event of Loss or Condemnation, so long as the Net Cash Proceeds of such Asset Disposition shall have or upon receipt shall be delivered to the Depositary in accordance with Section 6.06 for application in accordance with Section 2.07 , (ii) the Borrower may make or permit or consent to any Asset Disposition to a Lessee pursuant to a purchase option in the applicable Lease if (A) the consideration therefore is cash or Cash Equivalents; (B) no Collateral Deficiency shall result or shall be increased as a result of such Asset Disposition and (C) the Net Cash Proceeds of such Asset Disposition shall have or simultaneously therewith be delivered to the Depositary for deposit to the Collection Account for application in accordance with Section 2.07 and (iii) the Borrower may make or permit or consent to any other Asset Disposition (including in connection with a Securitization) if (A) the consideration therefor is cash or Cash Equivalents; (B) no Collateral Deficiency shall exist 

88 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 immediately before or immediately after giving effect to such transaction, (C) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing immediately before or immediately after giving effect to such transaction and (D) the Net Cash Proceeds of such Asset Disposition equal to the amount required to be paid into the Collection Account pursuant to Section 2.07(b)(iv) or Section 2.07(b)(v) , as applicable, shall have or simultaneously therewith be delivered to the Depositary for deposit to the Collection Account. Upon consummation of an Asset Disposition permitted under and application of the proceeds thereof in accordance with this Section 7.05 , the Collateral Agent shall (to the extent applicable) deliver to the Borrower, upon the Borrower s request and at the Borrower s expense, such documentation as is reasonably necessary to evidence the release of the Collateral Agent s security interests, if any, in the assets being disposed of, including amendments or terminations of Uniform Commercial Code Financing Statements, if any. 

SECTION 7.06 Investments TC . Neither Facility Party will hold, make or acquire, any Investment in any Person, except that: 

(i) the Borrower may invest in cash and Cash Equivalents pursuant to this Agreement and the Depository Agreement; 

(ii) the Borrower may acquire and hold receivables owing to it, if created or acquired in the ordinary course of business and payable or dischargeable in accordance with customary trade terms; 

(iii) the Borrower may acquire and own Investments (including Debt obligations) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers and customers and in settlement of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers and suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business; 

(iv) the Borrower may purchase Eligible Railcars, Eligible Leases and other related inventory, machinery and equipment in the ordinary course of business; and 

(v) the Borrower may own the Equity Interest in the Canadian Subsidiary. 

SECTION 7.07 Restricted Payments, etc TC . Neither Facility Party will declare or pay any Restricted Payments (other than Restricted Payments payable solely in Equity Interests (exclusive of Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower), except to the extent cash is made available to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.07(c) . 

SECTION 7.08 Transactions with Affiliates TC . Neither Facility Party will engage in any transaction or series of transactions with (i) any officer, director, holder of any Equity Interest in or other Affiliate of the Borrower or (ii) any Affiliate of any such officer, director, holder or Affiliate, other than (A) the payment of the Manager s Fees as provided in Section 2.07(c) , (B) reimbursement of Manager Advances pursuant to the Management Agreement and Section 2.07(c) , (C) transfers of assets permitted by Section 7.05 , (D) as otherwise expressly provided for or contemplated in any Loan Document, (E) entering into Head Leases with the Canadian Subsidiary and (F) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, other transactions (including the purchase of Railcars) which are engaged in by the Borrower in the ordinary course of its business on terms and conditions as favorable to it as 

89 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 would be obtainable by it in a comparable arms -length transaction with an independent, unrelated third party. 

SECTION 7.09 Fiscal Year; Organization and Other Documents TC . Neither Facility Party will (i) change its fiscal year, (ii) except with the consent of the Agent and the Majority Lenders, enter into any amendment, modification or waiver to its Organization Documents, (iii) except with the consent of the Agent, amend, modify, extend, renew, cancel or terminate the Asset Contribution and Sale Agreement, any Bill of Sale, any other Sale Document, any Management Document or (iv) enter into any amendment, modification or waiver to any Management Document or the Asset Contribution and Sale Agreement, in each case as in effect on the Closing Date which is in any manner adverse to the interests of the Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Lenders. The Borrower will promptly provide the Lenders with copies of all amendments to the foregoing documents and instruments as in effect as of the Closing Date. 

SECTION 7.10 Additional Negative Pledges TC . Neither Facility Party will enter into, assume or become subject to any agreement prohibiting or otherwise restricting the creation or assumption of any Lien upon its properties or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or requiring the grant of any security for an obligation if security is given for some other obligation, except pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

SECTION 7.11 Impairment of Security Interests TC . No Facility party will take or omit to take any action which action or omission might or would materially impair the security interests in favor of the Collateral Agent with respect to the Collateral. 

SECTION 7.12 No Amendments to the Lease Documents TC . Without prior written consent of the Agent or as expressly provided by the terms of this Agreement, no Facility Party will amend, modify, consent to or permit any change in the terms or otherwise alter or grant any consent or approval under any Lease Document or Head Lease unless consistent with the Services Standard. 

SECTION 7.13 Lease Default TC . Without the prior written consent of the Agent, which consent may be granted or withheld at the Agent s sole discretion, no Facility Party will waive (or permit the waiver of) a Lease Default or Lease Event of Default under a Lease; provided , however , that, the Borrower may elect, in its reasonable discretion to the extent consistent with the Services Standard to give such waiver (or permit such waiver), so long as such waiver is limited to the particular facts giving rise to such Lease Default or Lease Event of Default and does not prejudice the Borrower s (or Collateral Agent s, by assignment) rights under the relevant Lease to exercise remedies with respect to any other or future Lease Defaults or Lease Events of Default; provided , further , that any such waiver without the prior written consent of the Agent shall not (i) cause a Lease which otherwise would cease or fail to be an Eligible Lease to be an Eligible Lease or (ii) affect the determination of the Excluded Assets Amount. 

SECTION 7.14 Consolidation with Any Other Person TC . Neither Facility Party will operate in a manner that would result in substantive consolidation of the estate (as defined in Section 541(c) of the Bankruptcy Code) of the Borrower with the estate of any other Person, 

90 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 and in such connection the Borrower shall observe all corporate formalities, and maintain records separately and independently from those of any other Person. 

SECTION 7.15 Limitations on Employees TC . Neither Facility Party will employ or maintain any employees other than as required by Applicable Law; provided that officers and directors shall not be deemed to be employees for purposes of this Section 7.15 . 

SECTION 7.16 Independence of Covenants TC . All covenants contained herein shall be given independent effect so that if a particular action or condition is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that such action or condition would be permitted by an exception to, or otherwise be within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a Default if such action is taken or condition exists. 

SECTION 7.17 Funds to Repay Loans TC . The Borrower will not permit any part of the funds used in repayment of the Loan to be derived from a prohibited transaction with a Sanctioned Person. 

SECTION 7.18 Sanctioned Person TC . Neither Facility Party shall, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, become a Sanctioned Person nor shall any Facility Party permit any Person that owns or Controls such Facility Party to become a Sanctioned Person. 

ARTICLE VIII OTHER COVENANTS TC 

SECTION 8.01 Quiet Enjoyment TC . The Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender hereby covenant and agree that so long as (i) no Event of Default and (ii) no Lease Event of Default under the applicable Lease has occurred and is continuing, it shall not take or cause to be taken any action contrary to any Lessee s or any permitted sublessee s right to quiet enjoyment of, and the continuing possession, use and operation of, the relevant Portfolio Railcar during the term of such Lease and in accordance with the terms of such Lease. To the extent reasonably requested by a Lessee in connection with a Funding Date, the Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender shall confirm this Section 8.01 . 

ARTICLE IX DEFAULTS TC 

SECTION 9.01 Events of Default TC . An Event of Default shall exist upon the occurrence of any of the following specified events or conditions (each an Event of Default ): 

(a) Payment . 

(i) (A) 	On any date on which any interest is payable hereunder, whether by scheduled payment, acceleration or otherwise, all accrued and unpaid interest as of such date (other than accrued and interest based on the Step-Up Margin) shall not be paid in full and such payment is not received within three (3) Business Days of the due date therefor; or 

91 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (B) On any date on which any principal of the Loans is due, whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration or otherwise (other than any principal payable pursuant to Section 2.06 due before but not on or after the Maturity Date or payments of principal required under Section 2.07(b)(iii) or 2.07(c)(i) to cause a Collateral Deficiency not to exist) such principal shall not be paid in full and such payment is not received within three (3) Business Days of the due date thereafter (other than principal due on the Maturity Date); 

in the case of each of clause (i)(A) or (i)(B) hereof, without regard to whether sufficient Cash Flow or Net Cash Proceeds are available for such payment on such date; or 
 (ii) any default (not otherwise described in clauses (i)(A) or (i)(B) of this Section 9.01(a) or in Section 9.01 (b) below) shall occur (other than failure to pay any principal payable pursuant to Section 2.06 due before but not on or after the Maturity Date), which default shall continue for 15 days after notice thereof has been given to the Borrower by the Agent, in the payment when due of any fees or other amounts owing hereunder, under any of the Loan Documents or in connection herewith or therewith. 

(b) Out of Formula . A Collateral Deficiency shall exist on any two consecutive Settlement Dates (after giving effect to all Loans made pursuant to Section 2.01 and all amounts applied to repay the Loans pursuant to Section 2.07(c) on each such Settlement Date), (after giving effect to all Loans made pursuant to Section 2.01 and all amounts applied to repay the Loans pursuant to Section 2.07(c) on each such Settlement Date). 

(c) Representations . Any representation, warranty or statement made or deemed to be made by any Borrower herein, in any of the other Loan Documents or in any statement or certificate delivered or required to be delivered pursuant hereto or thereto shall prove untrue in any material respect on the date as of which it was made or deemed to have been made and if capable of being cured shall not have been cured within 30 days of an executive office of the Borrower becoming aware of such untruth or notice thereof given by the Agent to the Borrower. 

(d) Covenants . Any Borrower shall: 

(i) default in the due performance or observance by it of any term, covenant or agreement contained in Sections 6.02 (with respect only to the Borrower s existence), 6.06(a) , 6.09 or Article VII of this Agreement; 

(ii) default in the due performance or observance by it of any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 6.01(d) or 6.01(f) and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 2 Business Days; or 

(iii) default in the due performance or observance by it of any term, covenant or agreement (other than those referred to in subsections (a) , (b) , (c) or (d)(i) or (d)(ii) of this Section 9.01 contained in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after the earlier of an executive officer of a Facility Party becoming aware of such default or notice thereof given by the Agent. 

92 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (e) Loan Documents . Except pursuant to the terms thereof, any Loan Document shall fail to be in full force and effect or any Borrower shall so assert. 

(f) Cross-Default . There occurs under any Derivatives Agreement an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Derivatives Agreement) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Derivatives Agreement as to which the Borrower is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Derivatives Agreement) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) as to which the Borrower is an Affected Party (as so defined), and, in either event, the Derivatives Termination Value owed by the Borrower as a result thereof is greater than 10,000,000. 

(g) Insolvency Events . (i) Any Facility Party shall commence a voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to itself or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of it or any substantial part of its property, or shall consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall fail generally to pay its debts as they become due, or shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the foregoing or (ii) an involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced against any Facility Party seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to it or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of it or any substantial part of its property, and such involuntary case or other proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of 60 days, or any order for relief shall be entered against any Facility Party under the federal bankruptcy laws as now or hereafter in effect. 

(h) Judgments . One or more judgments, orders, decrees or arbitration awards is entered against any Facility Party involving in the aggregate a liability (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage), as to any single or related series of transactions, incidents or conditions, of 1,000,000 or more, and the same shall remain undischarged, unvacated and unstayed pending appeal for a period of 30 days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower to enforce any such judgment. 

(i) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) the Borrower fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan. 

(j) Impairment of Collateral . Any security interest purported to be created by any Collateral Document shall cease to be, or shall be asserted by any Facility Party not to be, a valid, perfected, first-priority (except as otherwise expressly provided in such Collateral Document) security interest in the securities, assets or properties covered thereby. 

(k) Ownership . There shall occur a Borrower Change of Control. 

93 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 SECTION 9.02 Acceleration; Remedies TC . Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, and at any time thereafter unless and until such Event of Default has been waived in writing by the Majority Lenders (or all of the Lenders as may be required pursuant to Section 11.03 ), the Collateral Agent, or the Agent upon the request and direction of the Majority Lenders, as applicable, shall by written notice to the Borrower take any or all of the following actions without prejudice to the rights of the Collateral Agent, the Agent or any Lender to enforce its claims against any of the Facility Parties except as otherwise specifically provided for herein: 

(a) Termination of Commitments . Declare the Commitments terminated whereupon the Commitments shall be immediately terminated. 

(b) Acceleration of Loans . Declare the unpaid principal of and any accrued interest in respect of all Loans and any and all other indebtedness or obligations of any and every kind owing by the Borrower to any of the Lenders hereunder to be due whereupon the same shall be immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. 

(c) Enforcement of Rights . Enforce any and all rights and interests created and existing under the Loan Documents, including, without limitation, directing the Collateral Agent to enforce all rights and remedies existing under the Collateral Documents (including, without limitation, the seizure and liquidation of any Collateral) and all rights of set-off. 

(d) Replacement of GMS as Manager . Remove GMS as Manager and appoint a Successor Manager (as such term is defined in the Management Agreement) in accordance with the terms of Section 15 of the Management Agreement. 

(e) Payment Notice/Lessor Rights Notice . Deliver the Payment Notice/Lessor Rights Notice to the applicable Lessees with respect to any and all of the Portfolio Leases. 

(f) GLC Payment Processing Agreement Severance . Within three (3) Business Days after receiving direction from the Majority Lenders, each of the Agent and the Borrower (acting at the direction of the Agent) shall sever itself as an Owner Financing Party under the GLC Payment Processing Agreement (the GLC Payment Processing Agreement Severance in accordance with Section IX(C) thereof and deliver the Payment Notice/Lessor Rights Notice to any and all Lessees with respect to any and all of the Portfolio Leases. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Event of Default specified in Section 9.01(g) shall occur, then the Commitments shall automatically terminate and all Loans, all accrued interest in respect thereof and all accrued and unpaid fees and other indebtedness or obligations owing to the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall immediately become due and payable without the giving of any notice or other action by the Collateral Agent, the Agent or the Lenders, which notice or other action is expressly waived by the Borrower. 
 Notwithstanding the fact that enforcement powers reside primarily with the Collateral Agent and the Agent, each Lender has, to the extent permitted by law, a separate right of payment and shall be considered a separate creditor holding a separate claim within the meaning of Section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code or any other insolvency statute. 

94 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 In case any one or more of the covenants and/or agreements set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall have been breached by any Borrower, then the Collateral Agent and the Agent may proceed to protect and enforce the Lenders rights either by suit in equity and/or by action at law, including an action for damages as a result of any such breach and/or an action for specific performance of any such covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or such other Loan Document. Without limitation of the foregoing, the Borrower agrees that failure to comply with any of the covenants contained herein may cause irreparable harm and that specific performance shall be available as a remedy in the event of any breach thereof. Each of the Agent and the Collateral Agent acting pursuant to this paragraph shall be indemnified by the Borrower against all liability, loss or damage, together with all reasonable costs and expenses related thereto (including reasonable legal and accounting fees and expenses) in accordance with Section 11.05 . 
 ARTICLE X AGENCY PROVISIONS TC 

SECTION 10.01 Appointment; Authorization TC . 

(a) Appointment . Each Lender hereby designates and appoints Bank of America, N.A., as Agent of such Lender to act as specified herein and in the other Loan Documents, and each such Lender hereby authorizes the Agent, as the agent for such Lender, to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated by the terms hereof and of the other Loan Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, including but not limited to the appointing of the Collateral Agent under the Security Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere herein and in the other Loan Documents, the Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein and therein, or any fiduciary relationship with any Lender, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, or shall otherwise exist against the Agent. In performing its functions and duties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the Agent shall act solely as an agent of the Lenders and does not assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation or relationship of agency or trust with or for any Borrower. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing two sentences, the use of the term agent herein and in the other Loan Documents with reference to the Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any Applicable Law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. The provisions of this Article X (other than Section 10.09 are solely for the benefit of the Agent and the Lenders and neither the Borrower nor the Collateral Agent shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary of the provisions hereof (other than Section 10.09 ). 

(b) Collateral Documents . Without limiting the generality of clause (a) of this Section 10.01 , each Lender hereby further authorizes the Agent to appoint Wilmington Trust Company as Collateral Agent and Depositary to enter into any Collateral Document as secured party on behalf of and for the benefit of such Lender or otherwise and to require the delivery of 

95 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 any Collateral Document which the Agent determines is necessary or advisable to protect or perfect the interests of the Protected Parties in any Collateral and agrees to be bound by the terms of each of the Collateral Documents. Anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, but subject to Section 11.08 , each Lender agrees that no Lender shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral under any Collateral Document or Loan Document, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies under the Collateral Documents may be exercised solely by the Agent (or its designee, including the Collateral Agent and the Depositary) for the benefit of Protected Parties in accordance with the terms thereof. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Agent (or, at the Agent s discretion, its designee, including the Collateral Agent and the Depositary) (i) to release Collateral as permitted or required under this Agreement or the Collateral Documents or by Applicable Laws, and agrees that a certificate or other instrument executed by the Agent or the Collateral Agent evidencing such release of Collateral shall be conclusive evidence of such release as to any third party, and (ii) except as otherwise expressly provided in Section 11.03 hereof, to enter into any amendments or waivers of the Collateral Documents which the Agent determines are necessary or advisable, including, without limitation, those Collateral Documents the form of which are exhibits to this Agreement 

SECTION 10.02 Delegation of Duties TC . The Agent and the Collateral Agent may execute any of their respective duties hereunder or under the other Loan Documents by or through agents, employees or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel and other consultants or experts concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. Neither the Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

SECTION 10.03 Exculpatory Provisions TC . Neither the Agent, the Collateral Agent nor any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents shall be (i) liable for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection herewith or in connection with any of the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders or participants for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any of the Facility Parties contained herein or in any of the other Loan Documents or in any certificate, report, document, financial statement or other written or oral statement referred to or provided for in, or received by the Agent or the Collateral Agent under or in connection herewith or in connection with the other Loan Documents, or enforceability or sufficiency therefor of any of the other Loan Documents, or for any failure of any Facility Party to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder or be required to ascertain or inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, conditions, provisions, covenants or agreements contained herein or therein or as to the use of the proceeds of the Loans or of the existence or possible existence of any Default or Event of Default or to inspect the properties, books or records of the Facility Parties. 

SECTION 10.04 Reliance on Communications TC . Each of the Agent and the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any note, writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, cablegram, telegram, telecopy, telex, teletype or e-mail message, statement, order or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or 

96 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including, without limitation, counsel to any of the Facility Parties, independent accountants and other experts selected by the Agent in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct). The Agent may deem and treat each Lender as the owner of its interests hereunder for all purposes unless a written notice of assignment, negotiation or transfer thereof shall have been filed with the Agent in accordance with Section 11.06(b) . Each of the Collateral Agent and the Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or under any of the other Loan Documents unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Majority Lenders as it deems appropriate or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Each of the Agent and the Collateral Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents in accordance with a request of the Majority Lenders (or to the extent specifically provided in Section 11.03 , all the Lenders) and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders (including their successors and assigns). Where this Agreement expressly permits or prohibits an action unless the Majority Lenders (or to the extent specifically provided in Section 11.03 , all the Lenders) otherwise determine, each of the Agent and the Collateral Agent shall, and in all other instances the Agent and the Collateral Agent may, but shall not be required to, initiate any solicitation for the consent or vote of the Lenders. 

SECTION 10.05 Notice of Default TC . The Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default, Manager Event of Default or Event of Default, except with respect to defaults in the payment of principal, interest and fees required to be paid to the Agent for the accounts of the Lenders, unless the Agent has received notice from a Lender, the Manager or the Borrower referring to this Agreement or the Management Agreement, as applicable, describing such Default, the Manager Event of Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default . If the Agent receives such a notice, the Agent shall give prompt notice thereof to the Lenders. Each of the Agent and the Collateral Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default, Manager Event of Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Majority Lenders; provided , however , that unless and until the Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, has received any such direction, the Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default, Manager Event of Default or Event of Default or it shall deem advisable or in the best interest of the Lenders. 

SECTION 10.06 Credit Decision; Disclosure of Information by the Agent or Collateral Agent TC . Each Lender expressly acknowledges that neither the Agent nor the Collateral Agent has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by the Agent or Collateral Agent hereinafter taken, including any consent to and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Agent or Collateral Agent to any Lender as to any matter, including whether the Agent or Collateral Agent has disclosed material information in its possession. Each Lender represents to the Agent and Collateral Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, assets, operations, property, financial and other condition, 

97 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 prospects and creditworthiness of the Borrower, and all requirements of Applicable Law, and made its own decision to make its Loans hereunder and enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigation as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, assets, operations, property, financial and other conditions, prospects and creditworthiness of the Borrower. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder, neither the Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, operations, assets, property, financial or other conditions, prospects or creditworthiness of the Borrower or their respective Affiliates which may come into the possession of the Agent or Collateral Agent, as the case may be. 

SECTION 10.07 Indemnification TC . Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Lenders agree, severally but not jointly and subject to the provisions of Section 11.06(h) , to indemnify the Agent and the Collateral Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), ratably according to their respective Commitments (or if the Commitments have expired or been terminated, in accordance with the respective principal amounts of outstanding Loans of the Lenders), from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities which may at any time (including without limitation at any time following payment in full of the Obligations) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Agent or the Collateral Agent in each of their respective capacities as such in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by the Agent or Collateral Agent under or in connection with any of the foregoing; provided that no Lender shall be liable for the payment to the Agent or Collateral Agent of any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities resulting from such Person s gross negligence or willful misconduct; provided , however , that no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Majority Lenders shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this Section. If any indemnity furnished to the Agent or Collateral Agent for any purpose shall, in the opinion of the Agent or Collateral Agent, as the case may be, be insufficient or become impaired, each of the Agent or Collateral Agent may call for additional indemnity and cease, or not commence, to do the acts indemnified against until such additional indemnity is furnished. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse each of the Agent and Collateral Agent upon demand for its ratable share of any costs or out-of-pocket expenses (including fees and disbursements of counsel) incurred by each of the Agent and Collateral Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any document contemplated by or referred to herein, to the extent that the Agent or Collateral Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of the Borrower. The agreements in this Section shall survive the payment of the Obligations and all other obligations and amounts payable hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. 

98 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 SECTION 10.08 Agent and Collateral Agent in Their Individual Capacities TC . The Agent, the Collateral Agent and their respective Affiliates may make loans to, issue letters of credit for the account of, accept deposits from, acquire Equity Interests in, and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory, underwriting and other business with either Facility Party as though the Agent or Collateral Agent were not the Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder or under another Loan Document. The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to any such activities, the Agent or its Affiliates may receive information regarding any Facility Party or its Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Facility Party or such Affiliate) and acknowledge that neither the Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall not be under any obligation to provide such information to them. With respect to the Loans made by and all obligations owing to it, each of the Agent and the Collateral Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any Lender and may exercise the same as though it was not the Agent or Collateral Agent, and the terms Lender and Lenders shall include the Agent or Collateral Agent, as the case may be, in their respective individual capacities. 

SECTION 10.09 Successor Agents TC . The Agent may, at any time, resign upon 30 days written notice to the Lenders. If the Agent resigns under a Loan Document, the Majority Lenders shall appoint from among the Lenders a successor Agent, which successor Agent, if other than a Committed Lender, shall be consented to by the Borrower at all times other than during the existence of an Event of Default (which consent of the Borrower shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). If no successor Agent shall have been so appointed by the Majority Lenders, and shall have accepted such appointment prior to the effective date of the resignation of the resigning Agent, then the resigning Agent shall have the right, after consulting with the Lenders and the Borrower, to appoint a successor Agent; provided such successor Agent is a Lender hereunder or a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States and has a combined capital and surplus of at least 500,000,000. If no successor Agent is appointed prior to the effective date of the resignation of the resigning Agent, the resigning Agent may appoint, after consulting with the Lenders and the Borrower, a successor Agent from among the Lenders. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as an Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations as an Agent, as appropriate, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the provisions of this Section 10.09 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was an Agent under this Agreement. If no successor Agent has accepted appointment as Agent within 60 days after the retiring Agent s giving notice of resignation, the retiring Agent s resignation shall nevertheless become effective and the Lenders shall perform all duties of the Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Majority Lenders appoint a successor Agent as provided for above. 

SECTION 10.10 Request for Documents TC . Each of the Agent and the Collateral Agent shall from time to time upon reasonable request therefor furnish each Lender with copies of Funding Packages, and/or Loan Documents (to the extent such Funding Packages, and/or Loan Documents are provided by the Borrower or other third parties, in the form and to the extent provided to the Agent or the Collateral Agent by the Borrower or such third parties). 

99 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 SECTION 10.11 Recovery of Erroneous Payments TC . Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Protected Party (the Credit Party ), whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by the Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Credit Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Credit Party in immediately available funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Credit Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Agent shall inform each Credit Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Credit Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 

ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS TC 

SECTION 11.01 Notices and Other Communications TC . 

(a) General . Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including by facsimile transmission) and mailed, faxed or delivered, to the address, facsimile number or electronic mail address specified for notices as set forth on Schedule 11.01 or at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the Borrower and the Agent. All such notices and other communications shall be deemed to be given or made upon the earlier to occur of (i) actual receipt by the intended recipient and (ii) (A) if delivered by hand or by courier, when signed for by the intended recipient; (B) if delivered by mail, four Business Days after deposit in the mails, postage prepaid; (C) if delivered by facsimile, when sent and receipt has been confirmed by telephone; and (D) if delivered by electronic mail, when sent and confirmed by a copy sent by the methods described in (A) , (B) or (C) above; provided, however, that notices and other communications to the Agent pursuant to Article II shall not be effective until actually received by such Person. Any notice or other communication permitted to be given, made or confirmed by telephone hereunder shall be given, made or confirmed by means of a telephone call to the intended recipient at the number specified on Schedule 11.01 , it being understood and agreed that a voicemail message shall in no event be effective as a notice, communication or confirmation hereunder. 

(b) Effectiveness of Facsimile Documents and Signatures . Loan Documents may be transmitted and/or signed by facsimile. The effectiveness of any such documents and signatures shall, subject to requirements of Applicable Law, have the same force and effect as manually-signed originals and shall be binding on all Facility Parties, the Agent and the Lenders. The Agent may also require that any such documents and signatures be confirmed by a manually-signed original thereof; provided , however , that the failure to request or deliver the same shall not limit the effectiveness of any facsimile document or signature. 

100 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

(c) [Reserved]. 

(d) Reliance by Agent, Collateral Agent and Lenders . The Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrower shall indemnify the Agent, Collateral Agent and each Lender from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other communications with the Agent may be recorded by the Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 

SECTION 11.02 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies TC . No failure or delay on the part of the Agent, Collateral Agent or any Lender in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document and no course of dealing between the Agent, Collateral Agent or any Lender and any of the Facility Parties shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder. The rights and remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies which the Agent, Collateral Agent or any Lender would otherwise have. No notice to or demand on any Facility Party in any case shall entitle the Facility Parties to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances or constitute a waiver of the rights of the Agent, Collateral Agent or the Lenders to any other or further action in any circumstances without notice or demand. 

SECTION 11.03 Amendments, Waivers and Consents TC . None of this Agreement any other Loan Document or any of the terms hereof or thereof may be amended, changed, waived, discharged or terminated except, in the case of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements or a consent or consents in writing entered into by the Borrower, the Manager, to the extent it is a party thereto, the Majority Lenders, and the Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not restrict the ability of the Majority Lenders to waive any Event of Default prior to the time the Agent shall have declared, or the Majority Lenders shall have requested the Agent to declare, the Loans immediately due and payable pursuant to Article IX ; provided , however , that: 

(i) no such amendment, change, waiver, discharge or termination shall, without the consent of each Lender affected thereby: 

(A) extend the Revolving Termination Date (other than in accordance with the procedures sets forth in Section 2.08 ), or the Maturity Date or extend or waive the Maturity Date or any payment of the Loans due thereon; provided that this clause (A) shall not restrict the ability of the Majority Lenders to waive any Event of Default (other than an Event of Default the waiver of which would 

101 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 effectively result in any such extension or waiver), prior to the time the Agent shall have declared, or the Majority Lenders shall have requested the Agent to declare, the Loans immediately due and payable pursuant to Article IX ; 

(B) reduce the rate, or extend the time of payment, of interest (other than as a result of waiving the applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates) thereon or fees hereunder; 

(C) reduce or waive the principal amount of any Loan; 

(D) increase the Commitment of a Lender over the amount then in effect (it being understood and agreed that a waiver of any Default, Manager Default, Manager Event of Default or Event of Default or a mandatory reduction in the Commitments shall not constitute a change in the terms of any Commitment of any Lender); 

(E) release all or substantially all of the Collateral securing the Credit Obligations hereunder (provided that the Collateral Agent may, without consent from any other Lender, release any Collateral that is sold or transferred by the Borrower in compliance with Section 7.05 ); 

(F) release any Facility Party from its respective obligations under the Loan Documents and/or the Management Documents; 

(G) amend, modify or waive any provision of this Section 11.03 or reduce any percentage specified in, or otherwise modify, the definition of Majority Lenders; 

(H) amend or modify or, if applicable, waive the effects of the definition of Advance Rate , Borrowing Base , Collateral Deficiency , Eligible Lease , Eligible Railcar , Excluded Assets Amount , Liquidity Reserve Target Amount or any term that is a component of any such definition; or 

(I) consent to the assignment or transfer by either Facility Party of any of its rights and obligations under (or in respect of) the Loan Documents and the Management Agreement, except as permitted thereby. 

(ii) no provision of Article X may be amended without the consent of the Agent. 

Notwithstanding the fact that the consent of all the Lenders is required in certain circumstances as set forth above, (i) each Lender is entitled to vote as such Lender sees fit on any bankruptcy reorganization plan that affects the Loans, and each Lender acknowledges that the provisions of Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code supersede the unanimous consent provisions set forth herein and (ii) the Majority Lenders may consent to allow the Borrower to use cash collateral in the context of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding. 

102 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 The various requirements of this Section 11.03 are cumulative. Each Lender and each holder of a Note shall be bound by any waiver, amendment or modification authorized by this Section 11.03 regardless of whether its Note shall have been marked to make reference therein, and any consent by any Lender or holder of a Note pursuant to this Section 11.03 shall bind any Person subsequently acquiring a Note from it, whether or not such Note shall have been so marked. 
 SECTION 11.04 Expenses TC . The Borrower shall pay promptly on demand, but in any event by the next Settlement Date following demand, all out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation, all reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) incurred by the Agent and the Collateral Agent: (i) in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification and amendment of the Loan Documents including, without limitation, (A) search, filing and recording fees and expenses and (B) the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel for each of the Agent and the Collateral Agent with respect thereto, with respect to advising the Agent or the Collateral Agent as to its rights and responsibilities, or the perfection, protection or preservation of rights and interests, under the Loan Documents and Lease Documents, (ii) in connection with wire transfers to be made by the Agent or the Collateral Agent in connection with the distribution of proceeds under this Agreement and (iii) in connection with any amendment, refinancing, modification, supplement or waiver under any of the Notes or other Loan Documents and Lease Documents whether or not such amendment, refinancing, modification, supplement, interpretation or waiver is obtained or becomes effective, and in connection with the consideration of any potential, actual or proposed restructuring or workout of the transactions contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents. 

The Borrower shall pay promptly on demand, but in any event by the next Settlement Date following demand, (i) all reasonable filing fees and attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent and the Agent and all reasonable fees and expenses of special STB or other collateral or regulatory counsel as the case may be, in connection with the preparation and review of the Collateral Documents and the other Loan Documents from time to time entered into or reviewed pursuant to this Agreement and all documents related thereto, the search of railcar conveyance and Lien records, the recordation of documents with the STB or other applicable Governmental Authority, inspection and appraisal fees and the making of the Loans hereunder, whether or not any Funding Date or other transaction contemplated hereby closes and (ii) all Taxes which the Collateral Agent or any Protected Party may be required to pay by reason of the security interests granted in the Collateral (including any applicable transfer Taxes) or to free any of the Collateral from the lien thereof. 
 In addition, the Borrower shall pay promptly on demand, but in any event by the next Settlement Date following demand, all reasonable out of pocket expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses and fees and expenses of any expert witnesses) incurred by the Agent the Collateral Agent in connection with the enforcement and protection of the rights of the Agent and the Collateral Agent under any of the Loan Documents and any amendments thereto and waivers thereof and any Manager Event of Default, Event of Default, including without limitation, the performance by the Agent or the Lenders of any act any Facility Party has covenanted to do under the Loan Documents and/or the Management Documents to the extent such Facility Party fails to comply with any such covenant. 

103 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 The Borrower shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with the Depository Agreement including, without limitation, all fees (including any annual fee payable to the Depositary pursuant to the Depository Agreement), expenses and any indemnity payments to the Depositary and all fees and expenses in creating, maintaining and administrating the Accounts. 
 Except as expressly provided above, this Section 11.04 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 SECTION 11.05 Indemnification TC . Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Facility Parties, jointly and severally, agree to indemnify, save and hold harmless the Agent, the Collateral Agent, each Lender, each other Protected Party and their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, counsel, agents and attorneys-in-fact (collectively the Indemnitees from and against (and without duplication of amounts payable or the provisions which relate to such payment under the other provisions of the Loan Documents): (i) any and all claims, demands, actions or causes of action that are asserted against any Indemnitee by any Person (other than the Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender) relating directly or indirectly to a claim, demand, action or cause of action that such Person asserts or may assert against any Facility Party, any Affiliate of any Facility Party or any of their respective officers or directors; (ii) any and all claims, demands, actions or causes of action that may at any time (including at any time following repayment of the Obligations and the resignation or removal of the Agent or the Collateral Agent or the replacement of any Lender) be asserted or imposed against any Indemnitee, arising out of or relating to, the Loan Documents, Commitments, the use of or contemplated use of the proceeds of any Loan, or the relationship of any Facility Party, the Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (iii) any administrative or investigative proceeding by any Governmental Authority arising out of or related to a claim, demand, action or cause of action described in clause (i) or (ii) above; (iv) any Loan Document, Lease Document, other Transaction Document or any document contemplated hereby or thereby and payments made pursuant hereto or thereto or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby or the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder or thereunder, any breach by any Facility Party of any Transaction Document or Lease Document or a Lessee of any Lease Document, (v) any Railcar, any Part or the Borrower s acquisition or ownership of, or the selection, design, financing, lease, control, operation, condition, location, storage, modification, repair, sale, use, maintenance, possession, registration, delivery, nondelivery, transportation, transfer or disposition of, any Railcar or Part; (vi) any liability arising under or in respect of any Environmental Law, in each case relating to any Railcar or the use, operation or ownership thereof, whether by any Facility Party, any Lessee or any other Person; (vii) any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, suits, judgments, costs and expenses of any kind, including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel, which may be incurred by, imposed on or asserted against such Indemnitee in connection with any investigation or administrative or judicial proceeding (whether or not such Indemnitee shall be designated a party thereto) brought or threatened relating to or arising out of any Collateral Document or in any other way connected with the enforcement of any of the terms of, or the presentation of any rights under, or in any way relating to or arising out of the manufacture, ownership, ordering, purchasing, delivery, control, acceptance, lease, financing, possession, operation, condition, sale, return or other disposition or use of the Collateral (including, without limitation, intent or other defects, whether 

104 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 or not discoverable), the violation of any laws of any country, state or other governmental body or unit, or any tort (including, without limitation, any claims, arising or imposed under the doctrine of strict liability, or for or on account of injury to or the death of any Person (including any Indemnities)), or property damage or contract claim; and (viii) any and all liabilities (including liabilities under indemnities), losses, costs or expenses (including fees and disbursements of counsel) that any Indemnitee suffers or incurs as a result of the assertion of any foregoing claim, demand, action, cause of action or proceeding, or as a result of the preparation of any defense in connection with any foregoing claim, demand, action, cause of action or proceeding, in all cases, and whether or not an Indemnitee is a party to such claim, demand, action, cause of action, or Proceeding (all the foregoing, collectively; the Indemnified Liabilities ). THE FOREGOING INDEMNIFICATION SHALL APPLY WHETHER OR NOT SUCH LIABILITIES AND COSTS ARE IN ANY WAY OR TO ANY EXTENT OWED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, UNDER ANY CLAIM OR THEORY OF STRICT LIABILITY OR CAUSED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, BY ANY NEGLIGENT ACT OR OMISSION OF ANY KIND BY ANY INDEMNITEE ; provided that no Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification for any claim caused by its own gross negligence or willful misconduct and provided further , that no Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification for any claim (A) arising solely out of (i) the bankruptcy, insolvency or other financial inability of one or more Lessees to make payments under a related Lease or (ii) the decline in market value of a Portfolio Railcar, to the extent not attributable to the failure of a Facility Party to perform an obligation with respect to such Portfolio Railcar under a Transaction Document or (B) with respect to Taxes, other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim or Taxes required to make payment on an after-Tax Basis. In the case of an investigation, litigation or other proceeding to which the indemnity in this Section 11.05 applies, such indemnity shall be effective whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Facility Party, their respective directors, shareholders or creditors or an Indemnitee or any other Person or any Indemnitee is otherwise a party thereto and whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated. Each Facility Party agrees not to assert any claim against the Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lender, any other Protected Party, any of their Affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents and advisers, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages arising out of or otherwise relating to the Loan Documents, any of the transactions contemplated herein or therein or the actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Loans. Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of the Facility Parties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the agreements and obligations of the Facility Parties contained in this Section 11.05 shall survive the repayment of the Loans and other obligations under the Loan Documents and the termination of the Commitments hereunder. 

The Borrower shall, no later than 20 days following demand, reimburse any Indemnitee for any Indemnified Liability referred to above or, upon request from any Indemnitee, shall pay such amounts directly. Any payment made to or on behalf of any Indemnitee pursuant to this Section 11.05 shall be adjusted to such amount as will, after taking into account all Taxes imposed with respect to the accrual or receipt of such payment (as the same may be increased pursuant to this sentence), equal the amount of the payment. To the extent that any Facility Party in fact indemnifies any Indemnitee pursuant to the provisions of this Section 11.05 (other than in respect of Taxes), such Facility Party shall be subrogated to such Indemnitee s rights in the affected transaction and shall have a right to determine the settlement of claims therein. 

105 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 If a claim of the type described above is made against an Indemnitee and such Indemnitee has notice thereof, such Indemnitee shall promptly, upon receiving such notice, give notice of such claim to the Borrower; provided that the failure to provide such notice shall not release any Facility Party from any of its obligations hereunder except if and to the extent that such failure results in an increase in any Facility Party s indemnification obligations hereunder. The Facility Parties shall be entitled, in each case at their sole cost and expense, acting through counsel reasonably acceptable to the relevant Indemnitee: (i) in any judicial or administrative proceeding that involves solely a claim of the type described above, to assume responsibility for and control thereof, (ii) in any judicial or administrative proceeding involving a claim of the type described above and other claims related or unrelated to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than with respect to Taxes), to assume responsibility for and control of such claim, to the extent that the same may be and is severed from such other claims (and such Indemnitee shall use its best efforts to obtain such severance), and (iii) in any other case, to be consulted by such Indemnitee with respect to judicial proceedings subject to the control of such Indemnitee. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, no Facility Party shall be entitled to assume responsibility for and control of any such judicial or administrative proceedings: (A) while an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; (B) if such proceedings will involve any risk of criminal liability or a material risk of the sale, forfeiture or loss of any part of the Collateral; or (C) to the extent that the Indemnitee has defenses available to it which are not available to any Facility Party and allowing such Facility Party to assert such defenses will be prejudicial to the interests of such Indemnitee; provided that the limitation on the Facility Parties ability to control such judicial or administrative proceeding shall apply only to those aspects of such proceeding which address issues with respect to which such defenses are available. 
 The relevant Indemnitee shall supply the Borrower with such information reasonably requested by the Borrower as is necessary or advisable for either Facility Party to control or participate in any proceeding to the extent permitted by this Section 11.05 . Such Indemnitee shall not enter into a settlement or other compromise with respect to any covered claim without the prior written consent of the Borrower, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, unless such Indemnitee waives its right to be protected with respect to such covered claim. 
 SECTION 11.06 Successors and Assigns TC . 

(a) Generally . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the respective successors and assigns of the parties hereto; provided that no Facility Party may assign or transfer any of its interests and obligations without the prior written consent of either the Majority Lenders or the Lenders, as the terms set forth in Section 11.03 may require; 

(b) Assignments . Any Lender may assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Loans and its Commitments); provided , however , that 

(i) each such assignment shall be to an Eligible Assignee who, unless otherwise consented to by the Borrower, is not a Competitor of the Borrower; 

106 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (ii) except in the case of an assignment to another Lender, an Affiliate of an existing Lender or any Approved Fund (A) the aggregate amount of the Commitment of the assigning Lender subject to such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Agent) shall not, without the consent of the Borrower and the Agent, be less than 5,000,000 and an integral multiple of 1,000,000 (or such other amount as shall equal the assigning Lender s entire Commitment) and (B) after giving effect to such assignment, unless otherwise consented to by the Borrower, the aggregate amount of the Commitment and/or Loans of the assigning Lender shall not be less than 2,500,000 (unless the assigning Lender shall have assigned its entire Commitment and/or the entire balance of the outstanding Loans); 

(iii) the parties to such assignment shall execute and deliver to the Agent for its acceptance an Assignment and Acceptance in the form of Exhibit C , together with any Note subject to such assignment and a processing fee of 3,500, payable or agreed between the assigning Lender and the assignee; and 

(iv) no such assignment shall result, as of the effective date of such assignment, in any increase in the obligations of the Borrower or diminishment of the rights of the Borrower under the Loan Documents and the Borrower shall not be required to reimburse any such assignee pursuant to Sections 3.01, 3.03 or 3.04 in an amount which, at any time after the effective date of such assignment, exceeds the amount that would have been payable thereunder to the assigning Lender had such Lender not entered into such assignment; provided that any such assignment shall otherwise be without prejudice to the assignee s rights under Sections 3.01, 3.03 or 3.04; 

provided further , however , notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default hereunder, any Lender may assign all or a portion of its obligations under this Agreement in accordance with clause (iii) above. 
 (c) Assignment and Acceptance . By executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance in accordance with this Section 11.06 , the assigning Lender thereunder and the assignee thereunder shall be deemed to confirm to and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows: (i) such assigning Lender warrants that it is the legal and beneficial owner of the interest being assigned thereby free and clear of any adverse claim and the assignee warrants that it is an Eligible Assignee; (ii) except as set forth in clause (i) above, such assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto, or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto or the financial condition of the Facility Parties or the performance or observance by any Facility Party of any of its obligations under this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto; (iii) such assignee represents and warrants that it is legally authorized to enter into such assignment agreement; (iv) such assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant 

107 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 to Section 6.01 and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance; (v) such assignee will independently and without reliance upon the Agent, the Collateral Agent, such assigning Lender or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; (vi) such assignee appoints and authorizes each of the Agent and the Collateral Agent to take such action on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement or any other Loan Document as are delegated to each of the Agent and the Collateral Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto; and (vii) such assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. Upon execution, delivery, and acceptance of such Assignment and Acceptance, the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of such assignment, have the obligations, rights, and benefits of a Lender hereunder and the assigning Lender shall, to the extent of such assignment, relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations under this Agreement. Upon the consummation of any assignment pursuant to this Section 11.06(c) , the assignor, the Agent and the Facility Parties shall make appropriate arrangements so that, if required, new Notes are issued to the assignor and the assignee. In addition, the assignee shall deliver to the Borrower and the Agent certification as to exemption from deduction or withholding of Taxes in accordance with Section 3.01 . 

(d) Register . The Borrower hereby designates the Agent to serve as the Borrower s agent, solely for purposes of this Section 11.06(d) , to (i) maintain a register (the Register on which the Agent will record the Commitments from time to time of each Lender, the Loans made by each Lender and each repayment in respect of the principal amount of the Loans of each Lender and to (ii) retain a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to the Agent pursuant to this Section. Failure to make any such recordation, or any error in such recordation, shall not affect the Borrower s obligation in respect of such Loans. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, in the absence of manifest error, and the Borrower, the Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person in whose name a Loan and the Note evidencing the same is registered as the owner thereof for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice or any provision herein to the contrary. With respect to any Lender, the assignment or other transfer of the Commitments of such Lender and the rights to the principal of, and interest on, any Loan made and any Note issued pursuant to this Agreement shall not be effective until such assignment or other transfer is recorded on the Register and, except to the extent provided in this Section 11.06(d) , otherwise complies with Section 11.06 , and prior to such recordation all amounts owing to the transferring Lender with respect to such Commitments, Loans and Notes shall remain owing to the transferring Lender. The registration of assignment or other transfer of all or part of any Commitments, Loans and Notes for a Lender shall be recorded by the Agent on the Register only upon the acceptance by the Agent of a properly executed and delivered Assignment and Acceptance and payment of the administrative fee referred to in Section 11.06(b)(iii) . The Register shall be available at the offices where kept by the Agent for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time upon reasonable prior notice to the Agent. In addition to such inspection rights, upon request of any Lender, the Agent will provide to such Lender an electronic copy of the Register, together with a current copy of Schedule 11.01 hereto. 

108 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (e) Participations . Each Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower or the Agent, sell participations to one or more Persons in all or a portion of its rights, obligations or rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment or the Loans owing to it and any Notes held by it); provided , however , that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (iii) the participant shall be entitled to the benefit of right of setoff contained in Section 11.08 and the yield protection provisions contained in Sections 3.01 , 3.03 and 3.04 to the same extent that the Lender from which such participant acquired its participation would be entitled to the benefits of such yield protections; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to reimburse any participant pursuant to Sections 3.01 , 3.03 or 3.04 in an amount which exceeds the amount that would have been payable thereunder to such Lender had such Lender not sold such participation and (iv) the Facility Parties, the Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, and such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce the obligations of the Facility Parties relating to the Obligations owing to such Lender and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement (other than amendments, modifications or waivers decreasing the amount of principal of or the rate at which interest is payable on such Loans or Notes, extending any scheduled principal payment date or date fixed for the payment of interest on such Loans or Notes or extending its Commitment). Each Lender that sells a participating interest in any Loan, Commitment or other interest to a participant shall, as agent of the Borrower solely for the purpose of this Section 11.06(e) , maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each participant s interest in any Loan, Commitment or other interest (the Participant Register ); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any participant or any information relating to a participant s interest in any Loans, Commitments or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Loan, Commitment or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Agent (in its capacity as Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 

(f) Other Assignments . Any Lender may at any time (i) assign all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement and any Loans or Notes to a Governmental Authority, (ii) pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its interest and rights under this Agreement (including all or any portion of its Loans or Notes, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender and (iii) grant to a Conduit Lender referred to in subsection (h) below identified as such in writing from time to time by such Lender to the Agent and the Borrower the option to provide to the Borrower all or any part of any Loans that such Lender would otherwise be obligated to make to the Borrower pursuant to the Agreement; provided that no such assignment, option, pledge or security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such Governmental Authority or other person to which such option, pledge or assignment has been made for such Lender as a party hereto. 

109 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (g) Information . Any Lender may furnish any information concerning any Facility Party in the possession of such Lender from time to time to assignees and participants (including prospective assignees and participants), subject, however, to the provisions of Section 11.07 . 

(h) Conduit Lenders, etc . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Committed Lender, (a Granting Lender may grant to a conduit lender, identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Agent and the Borrower (a Conduit Lender the option to fund all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to fund pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any Conduit Lender to fund any Loan and (ii) if a Conduit Lender elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to fund all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to fund such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The funding of a Loan by a Conduit Lender hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent that, and as if, such Loan were funded by such Granting Lender. Each party hereto hereby agrees that no Conduit Lender shall be liable for any indemnity or payment under this Agreement for which a Lender would otherwise be liable for so long as, and to the extent, the Granting Lender provides such indemnity or makes such payment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any Conduit Lender may disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its funding of Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer, or investors, or provider of any surety or guarantee to such Conduit Lender. This subsection (h) may not be amended without the prior written consent of each Granting Lender, all or any part of whose Loan is being funded by a Conduit Lender at the time of such amendment. Each Conduit Lender shall be permitted, without the consent of the Borrower or the Agent, to assign any or all of its interests or obligations under this Agreement to its liquidity provider pursuant to the terms of the related liquidity asset purchase agreement, and for the avoidance of doubt, such assignment shall not be subject to the provisions of Section 11.06(b) ; provided , however , that (i) such Conduit Lender s related Granting Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged and (ii) such Granting Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations. 

SECTION 11.07 Confidentiality TC . Subject to the provisions of Section 11.06(h) , each of the Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential); (ii) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority with jurisdiction over the Agent, the Collateral Agent or Lender, as applicable; (iii) to the extent required by Applicable Laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process; (iv) to any other party to this Agreement; (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Documents or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder; (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (A) any Eligible Assignee of or participant in, or any prospective Eligible Assignee of or participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, (B) any direct or indirect contractual counterparty or prospective counterparty (or such contractual counterparty s or prospective counterparty s professional advisor) to any credit derivative transaction relating to obligations of the Borrower 

110 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 or (C) any Support Party or any managing agent of a Lender that is a commercial paper conduit; (vii) with the written consent of the Borrower; (viii) to the extent such information (A) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (B) becomes available to the Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower; or (ix) to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any other similar organization or any nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information about a Lender s or its Affiliates investment portfolio in connection with ratings issued with respect to such Lender or its Affiliates. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from or on behalf of any Facility Party relating to any Facility Party or its respective business, other than any such information that is available to the Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by or on behalf of a Facility Party; provided that, in the case of information received from or on behalf of a Facility Party after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified in writing at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 

SECTION 11.08 Set-off TC . In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under Applicable Law or otherwise, and not by way of limitation of any such rights, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each Lender (and each of its Affiliates) is authorized at any time and from time to time, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind (all of such rights being hereby expressly waived), to set-off and to appropriate and apply any and all deposits (general or specific) and any other indebtedness at any time held or owing by such Lender (including, without limitation, branches, agencies or Affiliates of such Lender wherever located) to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against obligations and liabilities of the Borrower to the Lenders hereunder, under the Loans and Notes, under the other Loan Documents or otherwise, irrespective of whether the Agent or the Lenders shall have made any demand hereunder and although such obligations, liabilities or claims, or any of them, may be contingent or unmatured, and any such set-off shall be deemed to have been made immediately upon the occurrence of an Event of Default even though such charge is made or entered on the books of such Lender subsequent thereto. The Borrower hereby agree that to the extent permitted by law any Person purchasing a participation in the Loans and Commitments hereunder may exercise all rights of set-off with respect to its participation interest as fully as if such Person were a Lender hereunder and any such set-off shall reduce the amount owed by the Borrower to the Lender. 

SECTION 11.09 Interest Rate Limitation TC . The Agent, the Lenders and the Facility Parties and any other parties to the Loan Documents intend to contract in strict compliance with applicable usury law from time to time in effect. In furtherance thereof such Persons stipulate and agree that none of the terms and provisions contained in the Loan Documents shall ever be construed to create a contract to pay, for the use, forbearance or detention of money, interest in excess of the maximum amount of interest permitted to be charged by Applicable Law from time to time in effect. Neither any Facility Party nor any present or future guarantors, endorsers, or other Persons hereafter becoming liable for payment of any Credit Obligation shall ever be liable for unearned interest thereon or shall ever be required to pay interest thereon in excess of the maximum amount that may be lawfully charged 

111 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 under Applicable Law from time to time in effect, and the provisions of this Section 11.09 shall control over all other provisions of the Loan Documents which may be in conflict or apparent conflict herewith. The Lenders and the Agent expressly disavow any intention to charge or collect excessive unearned interest or finance charges in the event the maturity of any Credit Obligation is accelerated. If (i) the maturity of any Credit Obligation is accelerated for any reason, (ii) any Credit Obligation is prepaid and as a result any amounts held to constitute interest are determined to be in excess of the legal maximum, or (iii) any Lender of any other holder of any or all of the Credit Obligations shall otherwise collect moneys which are determined to constitute interest which would otherwise increase the interest on any or all of the Credit Obligations to an amount in excess of that permitted to be charged by Applicable Law then in effect, then all sums determined to constitute interest in excess of such legal limit shall, without penalty, be promptly applied to reduce the then outstanding principal of the related Credit Obligations or, at such Lender s or holder s option, promptly returned to the Borrower or the other payor thereof upon such determination. In determining whether or not the interest paid or payable, under any specific circumstance, exceeds the maximum amount permitted under Applicable Law, the Agent, the Lenders and the Facility Parties (and any other payors thereof) shall to the greatest extent permitted under Applicable Law, (i) characterize any non-principal payment as an expense, fee or premium rather than as interest, (ii) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (iii) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread the total amount of interest throughout the entire contemplated term of the instruments evidencing the Credit Obligations in accordance with the amounts outstanding from time to time thereunder and the maximum legal rate of interest from time to time in effect under Applicable Law in order to lawfully charge the maximum amount of interest permitted under Applicable Law. 

SECTION 11.10 Counterparts TC . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. It shall not be necessary in making proof of this Agreement to produce or account for more than one such counterpart. 

SECTION 11.11 Integration TC . THIS WRITTEN AGREEMENT, TOGETHER WITH THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT OF THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES . In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and those of any other Loan Document, the provisions of this Agreement shall control; provided that the inclusion of supplemental rights or remedies in favor of the Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Lenders in any other Loan Document shall not be deemed a conflict with this Agreement. Each Loan Document was drafted with the joint participation of the respective parties thereto and shall be construed neither against nor in favor of any party, but rather in accordance with the fair meaning thereof. 

SECTION 11.12 Survival of Representations and Warranties TC . All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof and any subsequent making or deemed making thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the 

112 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or Event of Default at the time of any Borrowing, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied. 

SECTION 11.13 Severability TC . Any provision of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which any Facility Party is a party that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions thereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

SECTION 11.14 Headings TC . The headings of the sections and subsections hereof are provided for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement. 

SECTION 11.15 Marshalling; Payments Set Aside TC . None of the Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender shall be under any obligation to marshal any assets in favor of the Borrower or any other party or against or in payment of any or all of the Obligations. To the extent that the Borrower make a payment or payments to the Agent or the Collateral Agent (or to the Agent for the benefit of the Lenders or the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Protected Parties), or the Agent or the Collateral Agent enforces any security interests or exercises its rights of set-off, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or set-off or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside and/or required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party under any bankruptcy law, any other state or federal law, common law or any equitable cause, then, to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied, and all Liens, rights and remedies therefor or related thereto, shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment or payments had not been made or such enforcement or set-off had not occurred. 

SECTION 11.16 Performance by the Agent TC . If any Facility Party fails to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any Management Document in a timely fashion, the Agent shall be entitled, but not obliged, to perform such obligation at the expense of the Borrower and without waiving any rights that it may have with respect to such breach. 

SECTION 11.17 Third Party Beneficiaries TC . Each Protected Party, including without limitation each Support Party, is an express third party beneficiary hereof. 

SECTION 11.18 No Proceedings TC . (a) Each party hereto hereby agrees that it will not institute against any Conduit Lender, or join any other Person in instituting against any Conduit Lender, any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, liquidation or similar proceeding from the Closing Date until one year plus one day following the last day on which all commercial paper notes and other publicly or privately placed indebtedness for borrowed money of such Conduit Lender together with all related derivative or other hedging obligations shall have been indefeasibly paid in full. 

113 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (b) No recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of Conduit Lender as contained in any Loan Document shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, affiliate, officer, employee or director of the Conduit Lender, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that the agreements of each Conduit Lender contained in any Loan Document are solely corporate obligations of such Conduit Lender and that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to or be incurred by the incorporators, stockholders, affiliates, officers, employees or directors of such Conduit Lender, under or by reason of any of the respective obligations, covenants or agreements of such Conduit Lender contained in any Loan Document, or implied therefrom, and that any and all personal liability of every such incorporator, stockholder, affiliate, officer, employee or director of such Conduit Lender for breaches by such Conduit Lender of any such obligation, covenant or agreement, which liability may arise either at common law or in equity, by statute or constitution, or otherwise, is hereby expressly waived as a condition of and in consideration for the execution of this Agreement. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, no Conduit Lender shall have any obligation to pay any amount required to be paid by it hereunder or thereunder to any party hereto, in excess of any amount available to such Conduit Lender after paying or making provision for the payment of its commercial paper notes. All payment obligations of each Conduit Lender hereunder are contingent upon the availability of funds in excess of the amounts necessary to pay commercial paper notes; and each of the parties hereto agree that they shall not have a claim under Section 101(5) of the United States Bankruptcy Code or any similar law in any other jurisdiction if and to the extent that any such payment obligation exceeds the amount available to such Conduit Lender to pay such amounts after paying or making provision for the payment of its commercial paper notes and its other publicly or privately placed indebtedness and all related derivative or other hedging obligations to or on which such Conduit Lender is an express party. 

(d) The provisions of this Section 11.18 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

SECTION 11.19 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction TC . (a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER AND THEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK), WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES . Chapter 346 of the Texas Finance Code (which regulates certain revolving credit loan accounts and revolving tri-party accounts) does not apply to this Agreement or to any other Loan Document. Any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document may be brought in the courts of the State of New York in New York County, or of the United States for the Southern District of New York and, by execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Facility Party hereby irrevocably accepts for itself and in respect of its property, generally and unconditional, the nonexclusive jurisdiction of such courts. Each Facility Party irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such proceeding brought in 

114 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 such court and any claim that any such proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

SECTION 11.20 Waiver of Jury Trial TC . EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING UNDER ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER FOUNDED IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE; AND EACH PARTY HEREBY AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE SIGNATORIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY . 

SECTION 11.21 [RESERVED]. 

SECTION 11.22 The Patriot Act TC . The Agent and each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act and any comparable law applicable to any Lender, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow the Agent and/or any Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act. 

SECTION 11.23 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions TC . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

115 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

SECTION 11.24 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs TC . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Derivative Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

(a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 

(b) As used in this Section 11.24 , the following terms have the following meanings: 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following: 
 (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); 

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

116 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 SECTION 11.25 Joint and Several Obligations TC . Each Facility Party hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees it is jointly and severally liable for the obligations of a Facility Party arising under this Agreement or the Loan Documents. Each Facility Party acknowledges and agrees that its joint and several liability under this Agreement and the Loan Documents is absolute and unconditional and shall not in any manner be affected or impaired by any acts or omissions whatsoever by the Agent or any Lender. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

117 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

GBXL I, LLC By: GBX Leasing, LLC, its sole member By: __________________ Name: Title: 

GBXL I (CANADA) LTD. By: __________________ Name: Title: 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Agent By: 		 __________________ Name: Title: By: __________________ Name: Title: 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Committed Lender By:___________________________ Name: Title: By: __________________ Name: Title: 

[Warehouse Loan Agreement] 

WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, as Collateral Agent and Depositary By: 		 __________________ Name: Title: 

SCHEDULE A 
 INDUSTRY CONCENTRATION CHART 

I Industry 
 II Concentration Limit of Adjusted Facility Amount) 

Agriculture 
 40.0 

Coal Service 
 5.0 

Crude Oil 
 30.0 

Frac Sand 
 5.0 

Grain Service 
 45.0 

Petroleum 
 25.0 

Plastics 
 30.0 

Transportation/Intermodal 
 25.0 

Schedule A Page 1 

SCHEDULE 1.01 
 LENDERS AND COMMITMENTS 

Lender 
 Commitment Amount 
 Commitment Percentage 

Bank of America, N.A. 
 315,000,000 
 70.00 

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 
 135,000,000 
 30.00 

Totals 
 450,000,000 
 100.00 

Schedule 1.01 Page 1 

SCHEDULE 5.02 
 REQUIRED CONSENTS, AUTHORIZATIONS, NOTICES AND FILINGS 
 NONE. 

Schedule 5.02 Page 1 

SCHEDULE 6.06 
 INSURANCE 
 The Borrower will at all times after delivery and acceptance of each Portfolio Railcar, at its own expense, keep such Portfolio Railcar insured with insurers of recognized responsibility with a rating of at least A- by A.M. Best Company (or a comparable rating by a nationally or internationally recognized rating group of comparable stature) or by other insurers approved in writing by the Agent, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, in amounts and against risks and with deductibles and terms and conditions not less than the insurance, if any, maintained by the Manager with respect to similar equipment which it owns or leases, but in no event shall such coverage be for amounts or against risks less than the prudent industry standard for companies engaged in leasing of railcars. Without limiting the foregoing, the Borrower will in any event: 
 
 (a)	keep each Railcar insured against physical damage (which may be accomplished pursuant to a contingent physical damage policy) in an amount not less than the replacement cost of such Portfolio Railcar, subject to an aggregate limit of not less than 2,500,000 per occurrence; provided that such coverage may provide for deductible amounts of not more than 50,000 per occurrence (or 100,000, in the event that (i) coverage providing for a 50,000 deductible amount is not then available on commercially reasonable terms or (ii) a deductible amount of 100,000 is then customary in the railcar leasing industry with respect to such coverage); and 
 
 (b)	maintain public liability insurance or commercial general liability insurance naming the Collateral Agent, the Agent, the Lenders, and each other Protected Party as additional insureds (but only with respect to the Borrower s liability arising out of or related to the Transaction Documents, the Leases and the Railcars) against bodily injury, death or property damage arising out of the use or operation of the Railcars with general and excess liability limits of not less than 100,000,000 per occurrence or in the aggregate, provided that such coverage may provide for deductible or self-insured retention amounts not exceeding the lesser of (x) 10,000,000 or (y) the level of the then current deductible or self-insured retention maintained by the Manager for the Manager s Railcar fleet. 

Schedule 6.06 Page 1 

SCHEDULE 6.10 
 [SCOPE OF FTI AGREED UPON PROCEDURES TO BE AGREED FOLLOWING THE CLOSING DATE.] 

Schedule 6.10 Page 1 

SCHEDULE 11.01 
 NOTICE ADDRESSES; AGENT S OFFICE 
 Notice Addresses: 
 GMS: 	 Greenbrier Management Services, LLC One Centerpointe Drive, Suite 400 Lake Oswego, Oregon 97035 Attention: Equipment Accounting Email: gmsmgmtservices@gbrx.com 
 Borrower: 	 GBXL I, LLC c/o GBX Leasing, LLC One Centerpointe Drive, Suite 200 Lake Oswego, Oregon 97035 Attention: General Counsel Email: martin.baker@gbrx.com 
 Canadian Subsidiary: 	 GBXL I (Canada) Ltd. c/o GBX Leasing, LLC One Centerpointe Drive, Suite 200 Lake Oswego, Oregon 97035 Attention: General Counsel Email: martin.baker@gbrx.com 
 Agent: 	Bank of America, N.A., as Agent BOA Tower 620 S Tryon Street Charlotte, NC 28202 Attention: Christi Thomas Global Structured Finance Email: christi.thomas@bofa.com Phone: (980) 683-4906 Fax: (980) 387-2828 
 Collateral Agent: 	 Wilmington Trust Company 1100 N. Market Street Wilmington, DE 19890-0001 Attn: Corporate Trust Administration / Andrew J. Walker Email: ajwalker1@wilmingtontrust.com 
 Phone: (302) 636-6712 

Schedule 11.01 Page 1 

Depositary: 	 Wilmington Trust Company 1100 N. Market Street 
 	Wilmington, DE 19890-0001 Attn: Corporate Trust Administration / Andrew J. Walker Email: ajwalker1@wilmingtontrust.com 
 	Phone: (302) 636-6712 Fax: (302) 636 4140 
 Lenders: 	Bank of America, N.A. BOA Tower 620 S Tryon Street Charlotte, NC 28202 Attention: Christi Thomas Global Structured Finance Email: christi.thomas@bofa.com Phone: (980) 683-4906 Fax: (980) 387-2828 
 Agent s Office: 	Bank of America, N.A., as Agent BOA Tower 620 S Tryon Street Charlotte, NC 28202 Attention: Christi Thomas Global Structured Finance Email: christi.thomas@bofa.com Phone: (980) 683-4906 Fax: (980) 387-2828 

Schedule 11.01 Page 2 

SCHEDULE B 
 LIST OF BORROWER COMPETITORS 

Schedule B Page 1 

EXHIBIT A-1 
 FORM OF REQUEST 
 ________________, _____ 
 Bank of America, N.A., as Agent BOA Tower 620 S Tryon Street Charlotte, NC 28202 Attention: Christi Thomas, Global Structured Finance 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 Reference is made to the Warehouse Loan Agreement dated as of April 1, 2021 among GBXL I, LLC, GBXL I (Canada) Ltd., the banks and other lending institutions from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Agent and Wilmington Trust Company, as Collateral Agent and Depositary (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Loan Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Loan Agreement. 
 This Request constitutes a communication pursuant to Section 2.02(a) of the Loan Agreement of our desire to contribute to the Portfolio the Railcars identified on Schedule A hereto. 
 To the knowledge of the Facility Parties, (i) the Lessee in respect of each existing Lease of any such Railcar has made rent payments on time (giving effect to any applicable grace periods) under such Lease, except as described on Schedule B hereto and (ii) no Lease Event of Default under any such Lease has occurred during the one-year period (or shorter period, if any) prior to the date hereof, except as described on Schedule C hereto. 
 Concurrently herewith, the complete Funding Package with respect to each such Railcar is being delivered to the Agent. 

GBXL I, LLC By: GBX Leasing, LLC, its sole member By: 		 _____________________ Name: Title: 

Exhibit A-1 Page 1 

SCHEDULE A TO REQUEST 
 SCHEDULE OF RAILCARS 

Exhibit A-1 Page 2 

SCHEDULE B TO REQUEST 
 SCHEDULE OF LEASE PAYMENT DEFAULTS 

Exhibit A-1 Page 3 

SCHEDULE C TO REQUEST 
 SCHEDULE OF LEASE EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

Exhibit A-1 Page 4 

EXHIBIT A-2 
 FORM OF NOTICE OF BORROWING 
 ________________, _____ 
 Bank of America, N.A., as Agent BOA Tower 620 S Tryon Street Charlotte, NC 28202 Attention: Christi Thomas, Global Structured Finance 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 Reference is made to that certain Warehouse Loan Agreement dated as of April 1, 2021 among GBXL I, LLC, GBXL I (Canada) Ltd., the banks and other lending institutions from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Agent and Wilmington Trust Company, as Collateral Agent and Depositary (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Loan Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Loan Agreement. This notice constitutes a Notice of Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.02(b) of the Loan Agreement. 
 1.	The date of the Borrowing will be ________________, _________. 1 
 2.	The aggregate principal amount of the Borrowing will be __________. 2 
 3.	The Railcars to be financed and the Leases to be pledged on the Funding Date are described in the Additional Collateral Certificate delivered concurrently herewith. 
 4.	The conditions to each Funding Date set forth in Section 4.02 of the Loan Agreement will be satisfied on the date of the Borrowing. 
 Attached hereto is a pro forma Borrowing Base Certificate giving effect to the Borrowing and the pledge of all Railcars and Leases referred to in paragraph 3 above. 
 The Borrowing requested herein complies with the limitations set forth in the second sentence of Section 2.01 of the Loan Agreement. 
 
 1 Must be a Business Day. 2 Must be a minimum aggregate principal amount of 1,000,000; provided , that the initial Loans shall be in a minimum aggregate principal amount of 5,000,000. 

Exhibit A-2 Page 1 

GBXL I, LLC By: GBX Leasing, LLC, its sole member By: ___________________ Name: Title: 

Exhibit A-2 Page 2 

EXHIBIT A-3 
 FORM OF ADDITIONAL COLLATERAL CERTIFICATE 
 This ADDITIONAL COLLATERAL CERTIFICATE, dated [________], 20[__] (this Certificate ), is among GBXL I, LLC (the Borrower ), GBXL I (CANADA) LTD. (the Canadian Subsidiary ), WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY as Collateral Agent (the Collateral Agent and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Agent (the Agent ). Reference is hereby made to the Warehouse Loan Agreement dated as of April 1, 2021 (the Loan Agreement among the Borrower, the Canadian Subsidiary, the Agent, the banks and other lending institutions from time to time thereto, and Wilmington Trust Company, as Collateral Agent and Depositary. 
 Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, each of the Borrower and the Canadian Subsidiary agrees that from and after the date hereof, the Railcar(s), identified on Schedule I hereto and the Lease(s) identified on Schedule II hereto are, and shall be considered, Portfolio Railcars and Portfolio Leases, respectively, under the terms of the Loan Agreement and shall be subject, in all respects, to the terms of the Loan Agreement and all documents related thereto. Each of the Borrower and the Canadian Subsidiary hereby represents, warrants and certifies to the Agent and the Lenders that each such Railcar is an Eligible Railcar and each such Lease is an Eligible Lease. 
 Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Loan Agreement. 

GBXL I, LLC By: GBX Leasing, LLC, its sole member By: 		 ___________________ Name: Title: 

GBXL I (CANADA) LTD. By: ___________________ Name: Title: 

Exhibit A-3 Page 1 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Agent By: 		 ___________________ Name: Title: 

WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, as Collateral Agent By: 		 ___________________ Name: Title: 

Exhibit A-3 Page 2 

SCHEDULE I TO ADDITIONAL COLLATERAL CERTIFICATE 
 RAILCARS 

Railcar Type 
 Mark 

Exhibit A-3 Page 3 

SCHEDULE II TO ADDITIONAL COLLATERAL CERTIFICATE 
 LEASES 

Lessee 
 Applicable Railcar(s) 
 Applicable Mark(s) 

Exhibit A-3 Page 4 

EXHIBIT A-4 
 FORM OF FINANCING NOTICE 
 ________________, _____ 
 [Lender] [Address] Attn: [Name] 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 Reference is made to the Warehouse Loan Agreement dated as of April 1, 2021 among GBXL I, LLC (the Borrower ), GBXL I (Canada) Ltd. (the Canadian Subsidiary ), the banks and other lending institutions from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Agent (the Agent and Wilmington Trust Company, as Collateral Agent and Depositary (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Loan Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Loan Agreement. 
 Pursuant to Section 2.01 of the Loan Agreement, you are hereby required to advance a Loan in the amount and at the time specified below: 
 1.	Funding Date: ________________, _________. 1 
 2.	Funding Time: as instructed by the Agent (which instruction may be by telephone), but in any event no later than 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Funding Date. 
 3.	Amount of the Borrowing allocated to you as a Lender and the account into which such amount should be wired: ____________________________ 

Name of Bank: 
 [ ] 

ABA Number: 
 [ ] 

Account Number: 
 [ ] 

Reference: 
 [ ] 

1 Must be a Business Day. 

Exhibit A-4 Page 1 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Agent By: 		 ___________________ Name: Title: By: 		 ___________________ Name: Title: 

Exhibit A-4 Page 2 

EXHIBIT A-5 
 FORM OF MONTHLY REPORT 
 [ATTACHED] 

Exhibit A-5 Page 1 

EXHIBIT A-6 
 FORM OF BORROWING BASE CERTIFICATE 
 GBXL I, LLC 
 BORROWING BASE CERTIFICATE 
 ____________, 20__ 
 The undersigned, [____], a [Title] of GBXL I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), hereby certify with reference to the Warehouse Loan Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2021, among the Borrower, GBXL I (Canada) Ltd., the banks and other lending institutions from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Agent (the Agent ), and Wilmington Trust Company, as Collateral Agent (terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), to the Agent and the Lenders as follows: 

Loan Calculations 

Aggregate FMV of Collateral in the Facility...................................................................................... 
 ____ 

Is this Certificate being Completed in Accordance with a Proposed Funding (yes/no).............. ...... 
 ____ 

If yes, Aggregate FMV of Collateral After Proposed Funding.......................................................... 
 ____ 

Excluded Assets Amount (from last Monthly Report)....................................................................... 
 ____ 

Weighted Average Advance Rate (including new assets) 
 __ 

New Borrowing Base........................................................................................................................ 
 ____ 

Aggregate Principal Amount of all Outstanding Loans..................................................................... 
 ____ 

Total Funds to be Released to Borrower on the Funding Date (if applicable).................................. 
 ____ 

Committed Amount........................................................................................................................... 
 ____ 

Undrawn Commitment Available...................................................................................................... 
 ____ 

Exhibit A-6 Page 1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this certificate to be duly executed and delivered on the date first written above. 

By: 		 ___________________ Name: Title: 

Exhibit A-6 Page 2 

EXHIBIT B 
 FORM OF NOTE 
 THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT ), OR PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE. ACCORDINGLY, THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE SOLD UNLESS EITHER REGISTERED UNDER THE ACT AND SUCH APPLICABLE STATE LAWS, OR UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. 

Principal Sum: ______________________ 
 New York City 

[Date] 

For value received, GBXL I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), hereby promises to pay to the order of the _____________________ (the Lender for its account, at the office of Bank of America, N.A. (the Agent as set forth in that certain Warehouse Loan Agreement dated as of April 1, 2021 (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, the Loan Agreement among the Borrower, GBXL I (Canada) Ltd., as Canadian Subsidiary, the banks and other lending institutions from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Agent and Wilmington Trust Company, as Collateral Agent and Depositary, the Principal Sum set forth above (or such lesser amount as shall equal the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Loans made by the Lender to the Borrower under the Loan Agreement), in lawful money of the United States of America and in immediately available funds, on the dates and in the principal amounts provided in the Loan Agreement, and to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each such Loan, at such office, in like money and funds, for the period commencing on the date of such Loan until such Loan shall be paid in full, at the rates per annum and on the dates provided in the Loan Agreement. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such unpaid amount shall bear interest, payable on demand, from the due date thereof until the date of actual payment (and before as well as after judgment) computed at the rates per annum set forth in the Loan Agreement. 
 This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the Loan Agreement and evidences Loans made by the Lender thereunder. Capitalized terms used in this Note and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Loan Agreement and the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement are expressly incorporated herein and made a part hereof. 
 The Loan Agreement provides for the acceleration of the maturity of the Loans evidenced by this Note upon the occurrence of certain events (and for payment of collection costs in connection therewith) and for prepayments of Loans upon the terms and conditions specified therein. In the event this Note is not paid when due at any stated or accelerated maturity, the Borrower agrees to pay, in addition to the principal and interest, all costs of collection, including reasonable attorney fees. 
 The date, amount and interest rate of each Loan made by the Lender to the Borrower, and each payment made on account of the principal thereof, shall be recorded by the Lender on its books and, if the Lender so elects in connection with any transfer or enforcement hereof, appropriate 

Exhibit B Page 1 

notations to evidence the foregoing information with respect to each Loan then outstanding shall be endorsed by the Lender on the schedule attached to and made a part hereof, provided that the failure of the Lender to make any such recordation or endorsement shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower to make a payment when due of any amount owing under the Loan Agreement or under this Note in respect of the Loans to be evidenced by this Note, and each such recordation or endorsement shall be prima facie evidence of such information. 
 The Borrower, for itself, its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice of protest, demand, dishonor and non-payment of the Note. 
 This Note and the Loans evidenced hereby may be transferred in whole or in part only by registration of such transfer on the Register maintained for such purpose by or on behalf of the Borrower as provided in Section 11.06(d) of the Loan Agreement. 
 THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

Exhibit B Page 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower has caused this Note to be executed as of the date first above written. 

GBXL I, LLC By: GBX Leasing, LLC, its sole member By: 		 ___________________ Name: Title: 

Exhibit B Page 3 

LOANS AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL 

Date 
 Amount of Loan 
 Amount of Principal Repaid 
 Notation Made By 

Exhibit B Page 4 

EXHIBIT C 
 FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE 
 Reference is made to the Warehouse Loan Agreement dated as of April 1, 2021 (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, the Loan Agreement among GBXL I, LLC, GBXL I (Canada) Ltd., the banks and other lending institutions from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Agent and Wilmington Trust Company, as Collateral Agent and Depositary. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Loan Agreement. 
 The Assignor and the Assignee referred to on Schedule 1 agree as follows: 
 1.	The Assignor hereby sells and assigns, without recourse, to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby purchases and assumes, without recourse, from the Assignor, effective as of effective date of the assignment as designated in paragraph 4 below (the Effective Date ), the interests set forth on Schedule 1 hereto (collectively, the Assigned Interest in the Assignor s rights and obligations under the Loan Agreement, including, without limitation, (i) the interests set forth on Schedule 1 hereto in the Commitment Percentage of the Assignor on the Effective Date, and (ii) the Loans owing to the Assignor in connection with the Assigned Interest which are outstanding on the Effective Date. The purchase of the Assigned Interest shall be at __ of par and periodic payments made with respect to the Assigned Interest which (i) accrued prior to the Effective Date shall be remitted to the Assignor and (ii) accrue from and after the Effective Date shall be remitted to the Assignee. From and after the Effective Date, the Assignee, if it is not already a Lender under the Loan Agreement, shall become a Lender for all purposes of the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents and, to the extent of such assignment, the assigning Lender shall be relieved of its obligations under the Loan Agreement. 
 2.	The Assignor: (i) represents and warrants that it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest being assigned by it hereunder and that such Assigned Interest is free and clear of any adverse claim; (ii) makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Loan Documents or for the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; (iii) makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of any Facility Party or the performance or observance by any Facility Party of any of its obligations under the Loan Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; and (iv) attaches the Note held by the Assignor and requests that the Agent exchange such Note for a new Note payable to the order of the Assignee in the amount specified on line (j) of Schedule 1 , and to the order of the Assignor in the amounts, if any, specified on line (i) of Schedule 1 . 
 3.	The Assignee: (i) confirms that it has received a copy of the Loan Agreement, together with copies of the financial statements referred to in Sections 5.05 and 6.01 thereof and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Acceptance; 

Exhibit C Page 1 

(ii) agrees that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Agreement; (iii) confirms that it is an Eligible Assignee; (iv) appoints and authorizes the Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion under the Loan Documents as are delegated to the Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto; (v) represents and warrants that under Applicable Laws no tax is required to be withheld by the Agent or the Borrower with respect to any payments to be made to the Assignee hereunder or under any Loan Document (except as may be described in Section 3.01(f)(i) or (ii) of the Loan Agreement), and unless otherwise indicated in the space opposite the Assignee s signature below, no tax forms described in Section 3.01(d) of the Loan Agreement are required to be delivered by the Assignee; and (vi) agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations that by the terms of the Loan Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 4.	Following the execution of this Assignment and Acceptance, it will be delivered to the Agent for acceptance and recording by the Agent. The effective date for this Assignment and Acceptance (the Effective Date shall be the date of acceptance hereof by the Agent, unless otherwise specified on Schedule 1 . 
 5.	Upon such acceptance and recording by the Agent, as of the Effective Date (i) the Assignee shall be a party to the Loan Agreement and, to the extent provided in this Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder and (ii) the Assignor shall, to the extent provided in this Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations under the Loan Agreement. 
 6.	Upon such acceptance and recording by the Agent, from and after the Effective Date, the Agent shall make all payments under the Loan Agreement and the Notes in respect of the interests assigned hereby (including, without limitation, all payments of principal, interest, Liquidity Fees and other fees with respect thereto) to the Assignee. The Assignor and Assignee shall make all appropriate adjustments in payments under the Loan Agreement and the Notes for periods prior to the Effective Date directly between themselves. 
 7.	This Assignment and Acceptance shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. This Assignment and Acceptance may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Assignment and Acceptance by telecopier shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Acceptance. 
 8.	This Assignment and Acceptance shall be effective only upon consent of the Agent (and, if applicable, the Borrower) and delivery to the Agent of this Assignment and Acceptance, together with the transfer fee payable pursuant to Section 11.06(b)(iii) of 

Exhibit C Page 2 

the Loan Agreement in connection herewith and recordation in the Register pursuant to Section 11.06(d) of the Loan Agreement of the terms hereof. 
 9.	Attached hereto as Schedule 2 is all contact, address, account and other administrative information relating to the Assignee. 
 [Signature Page to Follow] 

Exhibit C Page 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Assignor and the Assignee have caused this Assignment and Acceptance to be executed by their officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date specified thereon. 

[ ], as Assignor By: 		 ___________________ Name: Title: 

Tax forms required by Section 3.01(d) of the Loan Agreement included 
 [ ], as Assignee By: ___________________ Name: Title: 

CONSENTED TO: BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Agent By: 		 ___________________ Name: Title: 

GBXL I, LLC By: GBX Leasing, LLC, its sole member By: ___________________ Name: Title: 

Exhibit C Page 4 

SCHEDULE 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE 

(a) 
 Date of Assignment: 

(b) 
 Legal Name of Assignor: 

(c) 
 Legal Name of Assignee: 

(d) 
 Effective Date of Assignment: 

(e) 
 Commitment Percentage Assigned (expressed as a percentage set forth to at least 8 decimals) 
 __________ 

(f) 
 Commitment Percentage of Assignee after giving effect to this Assignment and Acceptance as of the Effective Date (set forth to at least 8 decimals) 
 __________ 

(g) 
 Commitment Percentage of Assignor after giving effect to this Assignment and Acceptance as of the Effective Date (set forth to at least 8 decimals) 
 __________ 

(h) 
 Commitment Amount as of Effective Date 
 _______________ 

(i) 
 Dollar Amount of Assignor s Commitment Percentage as of the Effective Date (the amount set forth in h multiplied by the percentage set forth in g )) 
 _______________ 

(j) 
 Dollar Amount of Assignee s Commitment Percentage as of the Effective Date (the amount set forth in h multiplied by the percentage set forth in f )) 
 _______________ 

Exhibit C Page 5 

SCHEDULE 2 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE 
 Administrative Details 
 (Assignee to list names of credit contacts, addresses, phone and facsimile numbers, electronic mail addresses and account and payment information) 

Exhibit C Page 6 

EXHIBIT D-1 
 FORM OF OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE FACILITIES PARTIES AND THE MANAGER 
 [see attached] 

Exhibit D-1 Page 1 

EXHIBIT D-2 
 [Reserved] 

Exhibit D-2 Page 1 

EXHIBIT D-3 
 FORM OF OPINION OF DELAWARE COUNSEL FOR THE COLLATERAL AGENT AND DEPOSITARY 
 [see attached] 

Exhibit D-3 Page 1 

EXHIBIT E-1 
 FORM OF SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 [see attached] 

Exhibit E-1 Page 1 

EXHIBIT E-2 
 FORM OF PERFECTION CERTIFICATE 
 [COMPANY NAME] 
 PERFECTION CERTIFICATE 
 We, ____________________, the chief executive officer, and ______________, the chief legal officer, of [GBXL I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company] [GBXL I (CANADA) LTD., a British Columbia corporation] (the Company ), hereby certify with reference to the Security Agreement dated as of April 1, 2021 among GBXL I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, GBXL I (CANADA) LTD., a British Columbia corporation, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Agent (the Agent ), and WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, as Collateral Agent (terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined) to the Agent and the Creditors as follows: 
 I. 	 Names . 
 (A)	The exact corporate, limited liability company or partnership name of the Company as it appears in its certificate of incorporation, certificate of formation, partnership agreement or certificate of limited partnership, as applicable, is ________________. 
 (B)	[Listed on Schedule I.B . hereto (in chronological order) is each other corporate, limited liability company or partnership name the Company has had since its organization, together with the date of the relevant change.][Since its organization, the Company has had no other corporate, limited liability company or partnership name.] 
 (C)	[Listed on Schedule I.C. hereto are all other names (including trade names or similar appellations) used by the Company or any of its divisions, sectors or other business units at any time during the past five years.][Neither the Company nor any of its divisions, sectors or other business units has used any other names (including trade names or similar appellations) at any time during the past five years.] 
 (D)	[Except as set forth on Schedule I.D . hereto, the] [The] Company has not changed its identity or corporate, limited liability company or partnership structure in any way within the past five years. 
 II. 	 Business Locations/Jurisdiction of Organization . 
 (A)	The Company s jurisdiction of organization and organization number are _____________ and ______________, respectively. 
 (B)	The Company s chief executive office is located at the address shown on Schedule II.B . hereto. 

Exhibit E-2 Page 1 

(C)	[The Company has no other place of business.] [Each of the Company s other places of business is set forth on Schedule II.C . hereto.] 
 (D)	[The Company has not maintained any other chief executive office or location or place(s) of business at any time during the past five years.] [Each other chief executive office and/or location or place(s) of business maintained by the Company at any time during the past five years is set forth on Schedule II.D . hereto.] 
 III. 	 Locations and Other Information Regarding Collateral . 
 (A)	Listed on Schedule III.A. hereto is each address where any of the Company s Equipment, Inventory, Instruments, securities certificates (as defined in the UCC), Documents, books or records relating to Accounts or other tangible Collateral are located. 
 (B)	[No Person other than the Company has possession of any of the Company s Equipment, Inventory, Instruments, securities certificates (as defined in the UCC), Documents, books and records relating to Accounts or other tangible Collateral.] [Listed on Schedule III.B. hereto is the name and address of each Person other than the Company which has possession of any of the Company s Equipment, Inventory, Instruments, securities certificates (as defined in the UCC), Documents, books and records relating to Accounts or other tangible Collateral.] 
 (C)	[None of the Company s Equipment, Inventory, Instruments, securities certificates (as defined in the UCC), Documents, books and records relating to Accounts or other tangible Collateral has been lodged at any other location or with any other bailee at any time during the past four months.] [Listed on Schedule III.C. hereto is the address of each location or bailee where or with whom any of the Company s Equipment, Inventory, Instruments, securities certificates (as defined in the UCC), Documents, books and records relating to Accounts or other tangible Collateral has been lodged at any time during the past four months.] 
 (D)	[None of the Company s Collateral is or has at any time been covered by a certificate of title.] [ Schedule III.D. hereto lists each item of Collateral of the Company that is or has at any time been covered by a certificate of title, together with the jurisdiction which issued such certificate. Attached as a part of such Schedule III.D. are all certificates of title, applications for title or similar evidence of ownership of such Collateral.] 
 (E)	[The Company has no interests in unextracted minerals or the like (including oil and gas), assets consisting of timber to be cut or equipment used in farming operations, farm products, grain or crops growing or to be grown.] [ Listed on Schedule III.E. hereto is (i) the location of each wellhead or minehead with respect to which the Company has an interest in unextracted minerals or the like (including oil and gas), (ii) the location of all assets of the Company consisting of timber to be cut and (iii) the location of any equipment used in farming operations, farm products, grain or crops growing or to be grown.] 

Exhibit E-2 Page 2 

(F)	[The Company holds no securities.] [Listed on Schedule III.F. hereto is the name and jurisdiction of organization of each company with respect to which the Company holds securities.] 
 (G)	[The Company holds no partnership interests, limited liability company membership interests or other equity interests not constituting securities (as defined in the UCC).] [Listed on Schedule III.G. hereto is the name of each company with respect to which the Company holds partnership interests, limited liability company membership interests or other equity interests not constituting securities (as defined in the UCC).] 
 (H)	[The Company maintains no Securities Accounts.] [Listed on Schedule III.H. hereto is the Securities Intermediary and account number of each Securities Account maintained by the Company, together with a description of all securities entitlements (as defined in the UCC) and other financial assets (as defined in the UCC) on deposit therein or credited thereto.] 
 (I)	Listed Schedule III.I. hereto, is the bank or other financial institution and account number of each Deposit Account or other bank account maintained by the Company, together with a description of the purpose for which each such account is used. 
 (J)	[The approximate dollar value of all Inventory of the Company consigned to third parties at any time is ______________________________.][The Company has not consigned to third parties.] 
 (K)	The approximate dollar value of all tangible Collateral located in the following States is: 
 _______________________________________ _______________________________________ _______________________________________ 
 (L)	[Listed on Schedule III.L. hereto (by county) is the approximate dollar value of all Inventory of the Company located outside of the United States of America at any time.] [The Company has no Inventory located outside of the United States of America.] 
 (M)	[Listed on Schedule III.M hereto are all of the commercial tort claims in favor of the Company, including the identity of each Person party or potentially party to each such claim, the approximate dollar value of each such claim, the nature of the events or circumstances giving rise to each such claim, the date each such claim arose and the history and status of any related court proceedings and/or settlement negotiations.][There are no commercial tort claims in favor of the Company.] 
 IV. 	 Unusual Transactions . [Except as set forth on Schedule IV hereto, no] [No] unusual transactions have occurred in the past five years, all Accounts have been originated by the 

Exhibit E-2 Page 3 

Company and all Inventory or Equipment has been acquired by the Company in the ordinary course of business from a dealer in goods of that type.] 
 V. 	 Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights . [The Company owns no, and has not applied for any, Patents, Trademarks or Copyrights and is not a party to any Licenses.] [Listed on Schedule V hereto is each Patent, Trademark and Copyright owned or applied for by the Company and each License to which the Company is a party.] 
 VI. 	 Material Contracts . The contracts and agreements specified in Schedule VI hereto are identified as Assigned Agreements under the Security Agreement. 1 
 VII. 	 Taxpayer Identification Number . The Company s taxpayer identification number is __________________________. 
 VIII. 	 Existing Liens . As of the date hereof, there are no (i) Uniform Commercial Code financing statements naming the Company as debtor or seller and covering any of the Collateral, (ii) filings or recordings with the STB or the Registrar General of Canada naming the Company as debtor or seller and covering any of the Collateral, (iii) notices of the filing of any federal tax lien (filed pursuant to section 6323 of the Code) or any lien of the PBGC (filed pursuant to Section 4068 of ERISA) covering any of the Collateral or (iv) judgment liens filed against the Company, except as set forth on the UCC Search Reports attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

Date:__________________________ ___________________ Title: [chief executive officer] 		 ___________________ Title: [chief legal officer] 

1 Note that this is not a request for a list of all material contracts of the Company. Only specific contracts which for credit or other reasons have been singled out for treatment as Assigned Agreements under the Security Agreements should be listed. 

Exhibit E-2 Page 4 

SCHEDULE VI 
 MATERIAL CONTRACTS 

Exhibit E-2 Page 5 

EXHIBIT E-3 
 FORM OF PAYMENT NOTICE/LESSOR RIGHTS NOTICE 
 _______________________ __, 20__ 
 [___________________________] (the Lessee 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 Reference is made to that Railcar(s) Lease Agreement [_____], between you and [GBXL I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company] [GBXL I (Canada) Ltd., a British Columbia corporation] (the Lessor ), dated as of [________________], [and Lease Supplement No. 1 thereto, dated as of [________________]] (as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the Lease with respect to the Railcar(s), identified on Schedule I attached hereto (the Railcars ). 
 1.	Pursuant to the Security Agreement dated as of April 1, 2021 among the Lessor, [GBXL I, LLC] [GBXL I (Canada) Ltd. (the Canadian Subsidiary )], Wilmington Trust Company, as collateral agent for the Protected Parties (the Collateral Agent ), and Bank of America, N.A., as Agent (the Agent (as amended from time to time, the Security Agreement ), the Lessor assigned, transferred, conveyed and set over to the Collateral Agent a first priority security interest in all of its right, title and interest in, to and under, the Lease (but none of the Lessor s obligations thereunder), including, without limitation, all rights of the Lessor to receive moneys due and to become due under or pursuant to the Lease, all rights of the Lessor to receive proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guaranty with respect to the Lease, claims of the Lessor for damages arising out of or for breach or default under the Lease and the right of the Lessor to terminate the Lease, to perform thereunder and to compel performance and otherwise exercise all remedies thereunder, whether arising under the Lease or by statute or at law or in equity. 
 2.	Neither the Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall be liable for any of the obligations or duties of the Lessor under the Lease except as provided in the Security Agreement and this letter agreement. 
 3.	 Payment Notice . The Lessee shall pay all rent and other amounts payable by the Lessee to the Lessor under the Lease, including, without limitation, all amounts of rent, reserves, damages, stipulated loss value (or equivalent terms as defined in the Lease) and all amounts determined by reference thereto, to Wilmington Trust Company, as account collateral agent under the GLC Payment Processing Account, for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the Protected Parties (as defined in the Security Agreement) by wire transfer to Wilmington Trust Company (ABA #031-100-092) for credit to the Collection Account, Account No. 147381-000. 
 4.	 Lessor Rights Notice . The Collateral Agent has succeeded to the rights of the Lessor under the Lease to exercise and receive any of the claims, rights, powers, privileges, remedies and other benefits of the Lessor as Lessor under the Lease (herein collectively, Lessor s Rights and Powers ). Following the receipt by the Lessee of this Payment Notice/Lessor Rights Notice, the Lessee shall be entitled to acknowledge and rely upon, without regard to the Lessor, and shall acknowledge and rely upon, the exercise by the Collateral Agent of the Lessor s Rights and Powers, and any consent, notice, approval, amendment, waiver or release or other exercise of the Lessor s Rights and Powers by the Collateral Agent shall be binding upon the Lessor, the Agent 

Exhibit E-3 Page 1 

and the Collateral Agent for all purposes, in each case from and after such receipt until the Lessee shall receive from the Collateral Agent written notice of the Collateral Agent s withdrawal of such Lessor Rights Notice. 
 5.	 Reliance . Any performance by the Lessee in compliance with this Payment Notice/Lessor Rights Notice that discharges its obligations owing to the Lessor under the Lease will satisfy, as among the Lessee, the Lessor, the Collateral Agent and the Agent, the obligations of the Lessee owing to the Lessor under the Lease. So long as the Lessee acts in good faith in accordance with this Payment Notice/Lessor Rights Notice, the Lessee may rely conclusively on this Payment Notice/Lessor Rights Notice, or any withdrawal of the same, without inquiring as to the accuracy of, or the entitlement of the Collateral Agent to give, any such notice and the Lessor, the Agent and the Collateral Agent agree to hold the Lessee harmless in so relying on such Payment Notice and/or Lessor Rights Notice. 
 6.	 Insurance . The Lessee will cause the Collateral Agent to be named as sole loss payee or as loss payee for the account of the Protected Parties, the Agent and the Collateral Agent and each Protected Party to be named as additional named insureds on the property insurance required by the Lease and the Agent and each Protected and their respective affiliates, employees, officers, directors, representatives and agents to be named as an additional named insureds on the liability insurance required by the Lease and, on the date hereof, will furnish the Agent with an insurance certificate and broker s letter of undertaking showing that the Collateral Agent has been so named under such insurance and that the insurance required by the Lease is in effect. The Lessee will cause each renewal insurance and reinsurance certificate and broker s letter required by the terms of the Lease to be delivered to the Collateral Agent and the Agent as well as the Lessor, and will cause the applicable broker to give the Collateral Agent (as well as the Lessor) the advice required under the terms of the Lease to be given to the Lessor . 
 7.	 Lessor s Obligations . Neither the Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall be liable for any of the obligations or duties of the Lessor under the Lease except as provided in the Security Agreement and this letter agreement. 
 8.	THIS PAYMENT NOTICE/LESSOR RIGHTS NOTICE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW). 
 9.	Notices to the Lessee pursuant to or in connection with the Security Agreement and this letter agreement shall be in writing and shall be addressed to the Lessee at: 
 ____________________________ ____________________________ ____________________________ Attn: _______________________ Fax No.: ____________________ 
 Notices to the Lessor, the Collateral Agent or the Agent, as the case may be, pursuant to or in connection with the Security Agreement and this letter agreement shall be in writing and shall be addressed to the Lessor, the Collateral Agent or the Agent, as the case may be, as follows: 

Exhibit E-3 Page 2 

If to the Lessor:	GBXL I, LLC, in care of Wilmington Trust Company, as Collateral Agent 
 1100 N. Market Street Wilmington, DE 19890-1605 Attn: Corporate Trust Administration / Mohamed Alam Email: malam1@wilmingtontrust.com 
 (302) 636-6581 (phone) (302) 636 4140 (fax) 
 If to the Agent:	Bank of America, N.A., as Agent [______________________] [______________________] Attn: [______________________] Phone: [______________________] Fax: [______________________] 
 With a copy to: [______________________] [______________________] [______________________] [______________________] 
 If to the Collateral Agent:	 
 Wilmington Trust Company 1100 N. Market Street Wilmington, DE 19890-1605 Attn: Corporate Trust Administration / Mohamed Alam Email: malam1@wilmingtontrust.com 
 (302) 636-6581 (phone) (302) 636 4140 (fax) 
 9.	Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Security Agreement. 
 [Signatures to Follow] 

Exhibit E-3 Page 3 

Very truly yours, WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, as Collateral Agent By: 		 ___________________ Name: Title: 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Agent By: ___________________ Name: Title: 

Acknowledged and agreed to as of the date first above written: [_________________________] By: 		 Name: Title: Notice of Lease Assignment Railroad Identification Mark [_______] 

Exhibit E-3 Page 4 

EXHIBIT E-4 
 FORM OF NOTICE OF LEASE ASSIGNMENT 
 _______________________ __, 20__ 
 [___________________________] (the Lessee 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 Reference is made to that Railcar(s) Lease Agreement [_____], between you and [GBXL I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company] [GBXL I (Canada) Ltd., a British Columbia corporation] (the Lessor ), dated as of [________________], [and Lease Supplement No. 1 thereto, dated as of [________________]] (as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the Lease with respect to the Railcar(s), identified on Schedule I attached hereto (the Railcars ). 
 1.	Pursuant to the Security Agreement dated as of April 1, 2021 among the Lessor, [GBXL I, LLC] [GBXL I (Canada) Ltd. (the Canadian Subsidiary )], Wilmington Trust Company, as collateral agent for the Protected Parties (the Collateral Agent ), and Bank of America, N.A., as Agent (the Agent (as amended from time to time, the Security Agreement ), the Lessor assigned, transferred, conveyed and set over to the Collateral Agent a first priority security interest in all of its right, title and interest in, to and under, the Lease (but none of the Lessor s obligations thereunder), including, without limitation, all rights of the Lessor to receive moneys due and to become due under or pursuant to the Lease, all rights of the Lessor to receive proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guaranty with respect to the Lease, claims of the Lessor for damages arising out of or for breach or default under the Lease and the right of the Lessor to terminate the Lease, to perform thereunder and to compel performance and otherwise exercise all remedies thereunder, whether arising under the Lease or by statute or at law or in equity. 
 2.	Neither the Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall be liable for any of the obligations or duties of the Lessor under the Lease except as provided in the Security Agreement and this letter agreement. 
 3.	Unless the Collateral Agent has provided written notice to the Lessee to the contrary, the Lessee shall pay all rent and other amounts payable by the Lessee to the Lessor under the Lease, including, without limitation, all amounts of rent, reserves, damages, stipulated loss value (or equivalent terms as defined in the Lease) and all amounts determined by reference thereto, to Wilmington Trust Company, as account collateral agent under the GLC Payment Processing Account, for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the Protected Parties (as defined in the Security Agreement) by wire transfer to Wilmington Trust Company (ABA #031-100-092) for credit to the Collection Account, Account No. 147381-000. 
 4.	Unless the Collateral Agent has provided written notice to the Lessee (herein, a Payment Notice/Lessor Rights Notice stating that Agent has succeeded to the rights of the Lessor under the Lease to exercise and receive any of the claims, rights, powers, privileges, remedies and other benefits of the Lessor as Lessor under the Lease (herein collectively, Lessor s Rights and Powers ), the Lessee shall be entitled to acknowledge and rely upon, without regard to the Collateral Agent, and shall acknowledge and rely upon, the exercise by the Lessor of all the Lessor s Rights and Powers, and any consent, notice, approval, amendment, waiver or release or 

Exhibit E-4 Page 1 

other exercise of the Lessor s Rights and Powers by the Lessor shall be binding upon the Lessor and the Collateral Agent for all purposes. Following the receipt by the Lessee of a Payment Notice/Lessor Rights Notice, the Lessee shall be entitled to acknowledge and rely upon, without regard to the Lessor, and shall acknowledge and rely upon, the exercise by the Collateral Agent of the Lessor s Rights and Powers, and any consent, notice, approval, amendment, waiver or release or other exercise of the Lessor s Rights and Powers by the Collateral Agent shall be binding upon the Lessor, the Agent and the Collateral Agent for all purposes, in each case from and after such receipt until the Lessee shall receive from the Collateral Agent written notice of the Collateral Agent s withdrawal of such Payment Notice/Lessor Rights Notice. 
 5.	The Lessee shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any change in the authority of the Lessor, the Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, to exercise rights or receive payments or other performance in relation to the Lease, until the Lessee has received written notice thereof. Any performance by the Lessee in compliance with this letter agreement that discharges its obligations owing to the Lessor under the Lease will satisfy, as among the Lessee, the Lessor, the Collateral Agent and the Agent, the obligations of the Lessee owing to the Lessor under the Lease. So long as the Lessee acts in good faith in accordance with this letter agreement, the Lessee may rely conclusively on any Payment Notice/Lessor Rights Notice, or any withdrawal of the same, without inquiring as to the accuracy of, or the entitlement of the Collateral Agent to give, any such notice and the Lessor, the Agent and the Collateral Agent agree to hold the Lessee harmless in so relying on such Payment Notice/Lessor Rights Notice. 
 6.	THIS LETTER AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW). 
 7.	Notices to the Lessee pursuant to or in connection with the Security Agreement and this letter agreement shall be in writing and shall be addressed to the Lessee at: 
 ____________________________ ____________________________ ____________________________ Attn: _______________________ Fax No.: ____________________ 
 Notices to the Lessor, the Collateral Agent or the Agent, as the case may be, pursuant to or in connection with the Security Agreement and this letter agreement shall be in writing and shall be addressed to the Lessor, the Collateral Agent or the Agent, as the case may be, as follows: 
 If to the Lessor:	[GBXL I, LLC] [GBXL I (Canada) Ltd.] c/o GBX Leasing, LLC One Centerpointe Drive, Suite 200 Lake Oswego, Oregon 97035 Attention: General Counsel Email: martin.baker@gbrx.com 

Exhibit E-4 Page 2 

If to the Agent:	Bank of America, N.A., as Agent [____________________] [____________________] Attn: [____________________] Phone: [____________________] Fax: [____________________] 
 With a copy to: [____________________] [____________________] [____________________] [____________________] 
 If to the Collateral Agent:	 
 Wilmington Trust Company 1100 N. Market Street Wilmington, DE 19890-1605 Attn: Corporate Trust Administration / Mohamed Alam Email: malam1@wilmingtontrust.com 
 (302) 636-6581 (phone) (302) 636 4140 (fax) 
 8.	Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Security Agreement. 
 [Signatures to Follow] 

Exhibit E-4 Page 3 

Very truly yours, [GBXL I, LLC] [GBXL I (Canada) Ltd.] [By: GBX Leasing, LLC, its sole member] By: 		 ___________________ Name: Title: 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Agent By: ___________________ Name: Title: 

WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, as Collateral Agent By: ___________________ Name: Title: 

NOTICE OF LEASE ASSIGNMENT RAILROAD IDENTIFICATION MARK [_______] 

Exhibit E-4 Page 4 

EXHIBIT F 
 FORM OF DEPOSITORY AGREEMENT 
 [see attached] 

Exhibit F Page 1 

EXHIBIT G 
 [RESERVED] 

Exhibit G Page 1 

EXHIBIT H 
 FORM OF MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
 [see attached] 

Exhibit I Page 1 

EXHIBIT I 
 [Reserved] 

Exhibit I Page 1 

EXHIBIT J-1 
 [Reserved] 

Exhibit J-1 Page 1 

EXHIBIT J-2 
 [Reserved] 

Exhibit J-2 Page 1 

EXHIBIT K 
 FORM OF ASSET CONTRIBUTION AND SALE AGREEMENT 
 [see attached] 

Exhibit K Page 1 

EXHIBIT L 
 FORM OF ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 [see attached] 

Exhibit L Page 1 

EXHIBIT M 
 FORM OF OFFICER S CERTIFICATE 
 GBXL I, LLC c/o GBX Leasing, LLC One Centerpointe Drive, Suite 200 Lake Oswego, Oregon 97035 Attention: General Counsel 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 Reference is made to that certain Warehouse Loan Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2021 (as amended, supplemented, amended and restated or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Loan Agreement ), among GBXL I, LLC (the Borrower ), GBXL I (Canada) Ltd. (the Canadian Subsidiary and the Borrower and the Canadian Subsidiary together, the Companies and each, a Company ), the banks and other lending institutions from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Agent and Wilmington Trust Company, as Collateral Agent and Depositary. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meaning set forth in the Loan Agreement. 
 This constitutes a certification by Greenbrier Management Services, LLC (the Manager of the following and is related to expenses reimbursed to the Manager on [insert date] Settlement Date pursuant to Section 7 of the Management Agreement and in accordance with Section 2.07(c) of the Loan Agreement: 
 1.	The funds being reimbursed to the Manager relate to expenses that have been paid by or on behalf of a Company; 
 2.	The referenced expenses were incurred and paid while the railcars were funded in the Borrower; 
 3.	The referenced expenses relate to eligible maintenance and other expenses incurred in connection with the railcars owned or leased by a Company as described in the Loan Agreement; 
 4.	The Manager has sufficient 3 rd party invoices, related to the referenced expenses being reimbursed (to the extent applicable), available for the Agent s inspection should the Agent make such a request. 
 
 GREENBRIER MANAGEMENT SERVICES, LLC 
 By: 					 	Name: 	Title: 

Exhibit M Page 1 

Exhibit B 
 
 Flow of Funds 
 
 [ Confidential and immaterial information has been omitted. ] 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-10.36>
 4
 gbx-ex10_36.htm
 EX-10.36

EX-10.36 

Exhibit 10.36 

 The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICER SEVERANCE POLICY 
 
 	The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. (the Company ), has adopted this Executive Officer Severance Policy (the Policy for the benefit of Participants on the terms and conditions hereinafter stated. The Policy, as set forth herein, is intended to provide severance protections for executive officers in connection with Qualifying Terminations of employment. 
 
 1. 	 Defined Terms . Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings indicated below: 

1.1 Administrator shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3 hereof. 

1.2 Affiliate means any individual, corporation, partnership, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated association or other entity (other than the Company) that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the Company. Any reference to the Company shall include, where applicable, any Affiliate. 

1.3 Base Salary means Participant s annual base salary in effect at the time of a Qualifying Termination, disregarding any reduction which gives rise to Good Reason. 

1.4 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 

1.5 Cause means (a) the willful and continued failure to perform substantially Participant s duties with the Company, other than such failure (i) resulting from Participants disability or incapacity due to bodily injury or physical or mental illness; or (ii) for which a demand for substantial performance is delivered to Participant which specifically identifies the manner in which Participant has not substantially performed Participant s duties and provides a 30-day period during which time Participant may take corrective actions, which period of time has not yet expired; or (b) the conviction of Participant (including a plea of nolo contendere) of a felony or gross misdemeanor under federal or state law which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company or which impairs Participant s ability to perform substantially Participant s duties for the Company. 

1.6 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, or any successor thereto. 

1.7 Company shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereof. 

1.8 Date of Termination means the effective date of the termination of Participant s employment. 

1.9 Good Reason means the occurrence of any one or more of the following events without Participant s prior consent, unless the Company or any of its Affiliates corrects the circumstances constituting Good Reason (provided such circumstances are capable of correction, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion) as provided below: 

(a) a material change in Participant s status, positions, duties or responsibility as an employee of the Company which may reasonably be considered to be an adverse change (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the termination of Participant s employment for Cause or due to disability or death, or resulting from Participant s decision for any reason other than for Good Reason); 

1 

Exhibit 10.36 

 (b) a reduction by the Company of Participant s Base Salary exceeding 5 percent of Participant s prior year s Base Salary (or an adverse change in the form or timing of the payment thereof); 

(c) a reduction by the Company of Participant s annual bonus exceeding 20 percent of Participant s prior year s annual bonus (unless such reduction relates to the amount of annual bonus payable to Participant for the achievement of specified performance goals or to the attainment of profitability levels of the Company or certain of its Affiliates, and the non-achievement of such goals and/or the non-attainment of profitability levels of the Company or certain of its Affiliates is the reason for the reduction in Participant s annual bonus compared to the prior year s bonus); or 

(d) for a Participant who is not working remotely, the Company requiring Participant to be based at any office more than 35 miles from where Participant s office is located. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Participant shall not be deemed to have resigned for Good Reason unless (1) Participant provides the Company with written notice setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed by Participant to constitute Good Reason within 90 calendar days after the date of the occurrence of any event that Participant knows or should reasonably have known to constitute Good Reason, (2) the Company or its Affiliates fail to cure such acts or omissions within 30 calendar days following receipt of such notice, and (3) the effective date of Participant s termination for Good Reason occurs no later than 60 calendar days after the expiration of the Company s or its Affiliates cure period. 
 
 1.10 Participant means an individual designated by the Board as an executive officer for purposes of Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K and as an officer for purposes of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act. 

1.11 Policy shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereof. 

1.12 Qualifying Termination means the termination of Participant s employment by (i) the Company or any successor thereto without Cause or (ii) Participant for Good Reason. A Qualifying Termination shall not include a termination due to Participant s death or disability. 

1.13 Release shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.3 hereof. 

1.14 Section 409A shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1 hereof. 

1.15 Section 457A shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1 hereof. 

1.16 Severance Benefits means the severance payments and benefits to which a Participant may become entitled pursuant to Section 4 of the Policy. 

2. 	 Effectiveness of the Policy; Notification . The Policy is effective on July 2, 2024. The Administrator shall notify each Participant of such Participant s participation in the Policy as soon as reasonably practicable after such selection. 

3. 	 Administration . Subject to Section 11.3 hereof, the Policy shall be interpreted, administered and operated by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Administrator ), which shall have complete authority, subject to the express provisions of the Policy, to interpret the Policy, to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Policy, and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of the Policy. All decisions, interpretations and other actions of the Administrator (including with respect to whether a Qualifying Termination has occurred) shall be 

2 

Exhibit 10.36 

 final, conclusive and binding on all parties who have an interest in the Policy. Unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board, the Company s Chief Legal Officer and Chief Human Resources Officer shall jointly carry out the ministerial functions under the Policy. 

4. 	 Severance Benefits . 

4.1 Eligibility . Each Participant who experiences a Qualifying Termination is eligible to receive Severance Benefits under the Policy; provided , however , that in no event shall a Participant be entitled to Severance Benefits to the extent the Qualifying Termination gives rise to severance benefits, if any, under the Change of Control Agreement between Participant and the Company. 

4.2 Qualifying Termination Payment . In the event that a Participant experiences a Qualifying Termination, then, subject to Participant s execution and, to the extent applicable, non-revocation of a Release in accordance with Section 4.3 hereof, and subject to any additional requirements specified in the Policy, Participant shall be entitled to the following Severance Benefits, in addition to any accrued Base Salary and benefits: 

(a) Base Salary Severance . Participant shall be entitled to an amount in cash equal to a specified number of months of Base Salary as set forth on Exhibit A . Subject to Section 6.2 hereof, such Base Salary shall be paid (without interest thereon) in substantially equal installments over the number of months, as set forth on Exhibit A , on the Company s regularly scheduled payroll dates beginning with the Company s first payroll date following the effectiveness of the Release. 

(b) Annual Bonus Severance . Participant shall remain eligible to receive an annual bonus corresponding to the fiscal year of such Qualifying Termination, and shall be paid such annual bonus based on actual achievement of the relevant performance goals as and when such annual bonus is regularly paid by the Company, prorated based on Base Salary earned from the Company, for the fiscal year of the Date of Termination, up to and including the Date of Termination. 

(c) Equity Awards . Outstanding equity-based or other long-term incentive awards granted by the Company to a Participant will be treated per the terms of the respective award agreement. 

(d) Continued and Other Benefits . Participant shall be entitled to an amount in cash equal to a specified number of months of health benefit premiums as set forth on Exhibit A. The health benefit premiums will be based on Participant s Company health benefit elections in effect immediately preceding the Date of Termination. Such payment shall be paid in substantially equal installments over the number of months as set forth on Exhibit A , on the Company s regularly scheduled payroll dates beginning with the Company s first payroll date following the effectiveness of the Release. The Company shall also provide outplacement and career continuation services by a firm to be selected by the Company not to exceed 12,000 in the aggregate. 

4.3 Release . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Participant shall be eligible or entitled to receive or retain any Severance Benefits under the Policy unless he or she executes a general release of claims, containing restrictive covenants, and in the form provided by the Company (the Release ), within 21 calendar days (or 45 calendar days if necessary to comply with applicable law, as determined by the Administrator in its discretion) after the Date of Termination and, if he or she is entitled 

3 

Exhibit 10.36 

 to a seven calendar day post-signing revocation period under applicable law, does not revoke such Release during such seven calendar day period. 

5. 	 Limitations . Notwithstanding any provision of the Policy to the contrary, if a Participant s status as an employee of the Company or its Affiliates is terminated for any reason other than due to a Qualifying Termination, Participant shall not be entitled to receive any Severance Benefits under the Policy, and the Company and its Affiliates shall not have any obligation to such Participant under the Policy. 

6. 	 Sections 409A and 457A . 

6.1 General . To the extent applicable, the Policy shall be interpreted and applied consistent and in accordance with Code Section 409A and Code Section 457A, together with the Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, (in each case, taken together with such regulations and guidance, Section 409A and Section 457A ). Notwithstanding any provision of the Policy to the contrary, to the extent that the Administrator determines that any payments or benefits under the Policy may not be either compliant with or exempt from Section 409A and/or Section 457A (or any similar statute(s)), the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, adopt such amendments to the Policy or take such other actions that the Administrator determines are necessary or appropriate to (a) exempt the compensation and benefits payable under the Policy from Section 409A and/or Section 457A (and any similar statute(s)) and/or preserve the intended tax treatment of such compensation and benefits, or (b) comply with the requirements of Section 409A and/or Section 457A (and any similar statute(s)); provided , however , that this Section 6.1 shall not create any obligation on the part of the Administrator to adopt any such amendment or take any other action, nor shall the Company or its Affiliates have any liability for failing to do so. 

6.2 Potential Six-Month Delay . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Policy, no amounts shall be paid to any Participant under the Policy during the six-month period following such Participant s separation from service (within the meaning of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) and Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)) to the extent that the Administrator determines that paying such amounts at the time or times indicated in the Policy would result in a prohibited distribution under Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i). If the payment of any such amounts is delayed as a result of the previous sentence, then on the first business day following the end of such six-month period (or such earlier date upon which such amount can be paid under Section 409A without resulting in adverse tax consequences and/or penalties, including as a result of Participant s death), Participant shall receive payment of a lump-sum amount equal to the cumulative amount that would have otherwise been payable to Participant during such six-month period without interest thereon. 

6.3 Separation from Service . A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of the Policy providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits that constitute nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of the Policy, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean separation from service . 

6.4 Installments . For purposes of applying the provisions of Section 409A to the Policy, each separately identified amount to which a Participant is entitled under the Policy shall be treated as a separate payment. In addition, to the extent permissible under Section 409A, the right to receive any installment payments under the Policy shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments and, accordingly, each such installment payment shall at all times be considered a separate and distinct payment 

4 

Exhibit 10.36 

 as permitted under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii). Whenever a payment under the Policy specifies a payment period with reference to a number of days, the actual date of payment within the specified period shall be within the sole discretion of the Company. 

7. 	 No Mitigation . No Participant shall be required to seek other employment or attempt in any way to reduce or mitigate any Severance Benefits payable under the Policy and the amount of any such Severance Benefits shall not be reduced by any other compensation paid or provided to any Participant following such Participant s termination of employment. 

8. 	 Successors . 

8.1 Company Successors . The Policy shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. Any successor (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, lease, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Company s business and/or assets shall assume and agree to perform the obligations of the Company under the Policy. 

8.2 Participant Successors . The Policy shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by each Participant s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees, legatees or other beneficiaries. If a Participant dies while any amount remains payable to such Participant hereunder, all such amounts shall be paid in accordance with the terms of the Policy to the executors, personal representatives or administrators of such Participant s estate. 

9. 	 Notices . All communications relating to matters arising under the Policy shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when hand-delivered, emailed or mailed by reputable overnight carrier or United States certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed, if to a Participant, to the address or email address on file with the Company or to such other address or email address as Participant may have furnished in writing in accordance herewith and, if to the Company, to such address or email address as may be specified from time to time by the Administrator, except that notice of change of address shall be effective only upon actual receipt. 

10. 	Covenants . 

10.1 Restrictive Covenants . A Participant s right to receive and/or retain the Severance Benefits payable under the Policy is conditioned upon and subject to Participant s continued compliance with any restrictive covenants (e.g., confidentiality, invention assignment, non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement) contained in any other written agreement between Participant and the Company or any of its Affiliates, as in effect on the date of Participant s Qualifying Termination, in addition to the Release. 

10.2 Return of Property . A Participant s right to receive and/or retain the Severance Benefits payable under the Policy is conditioned upon Participant s return to the Company of all Company and its Affiliates documents (and all copies thereof) and other property of the Company and its Affiliates (in each case, whether physical, electronic or otherwise) in Participant s possession or control. 

10.3 Cooperation . A Participant s right to receive and/or retain the Severance Benefits payable under the Policy upon a Qualifying Termination of Participant s employment by the Company, or any successor thereto, without Cause is conditioned on Participants cooperation with reasonable requests from the Company to transition Participant s duties through the Date of Termination. 

5 

Exhibit 10.36 

11. 	 Miscellaneous . 

11.1 Entire Agreement; Relation to Other Agreements . The Policy contains the entire understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreement, arrangement and understanding between any Participant, on the one hand, and the Company and/or any Affiliate, on the other hand, with respect to the subject matter hereof. Severance Benefits payable under the Policy is not intended to duplicate any other severance benefits payable to a Participant by the Company or any of its Affiliates (other than any statutory severance or termination pay required by applicable law). By participating in the Policy and accepting the Severance Benefits hereunder, Participant acknowledges and agrees that any prior agreement, arrangement and understanding between any Participant, on the one hand, and the Company and/or any Affiliate, on the other hand, with respect to the subject matter hereof (other than the Change of Control Agreement referenced above or any statutory severance or termination pay) is hereby revoked and ineffective with respect to Participant. 

11.2 No Right to Continued Service . Nothing contained in the Policy shall (a) confer upon any Participant any right to continue as an employee of the Company or any Affiliate, (b) constitute any contract of employment or agreement to continue employment for any particular period, or (c) interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any of its Affiliates to terminate a service relationship with any Participant, with or without Cause. 

11.3 Termination and Amendment of Policy . The Policy may be amended, modified, suspended or terminated at the discretion of the Administrator. If any such amendment, modification, suspension or termination would be materially adverse to a Participant, as determined by the Administrator in its discretion, such amendment, modification, suspension or termination shall not become effective until the 12-month anniversary following notice thereof to such Participant, subject to applicable law. No amendment, modification, suspension or termination of the Policy in accordance with its terms shall give rise to or otherwise constitute the basis for a resignation by a Participant for Good Reason or term of similar import. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Policy, the Administrator may increase or decrease, in the Administrator s discretion, a Participant s level of participation and level of benefits under the Policy in connection with the promotion or diminution of such Participant s position, duties, responsibilities or authorities. 

11.4 Survival . Section 10 (Covenants) hereof shall survive the termination or expiration of the Policy and shall continue in effect. 

11.5 Severance Benefit Obligations . Notwithstanding anything contained herein, Severance Benefits paid or provided under the Policy may be paid or provided by the Company or any Affiliate employer, as applicable. 

11.6 Withholding . The Company shall have the authority and the right to deduct and withhold an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, local and foreign taxes required by law to be withheld with respect to any Severance Benefits payable under the Policy. 

11.7 Benefits Not Assignable . Except as otherwise provided herein or by law, no right or interest of any Participant under the Policy shall be assignable or transferable, in whole or in part, either directly or by operation of law or otherwise, including without limitation by execution, levy, garnishment, attachment, pledge or in any manner; no attempted assignment or transfer thereof shall be effective; and no right or interest of any Participant under the Policy shall be liable for, or subject to, any obligation or liability 

6 

Exhibit 10.36 

 of such Participant. When a payment is due under the Policy to a Participant who is unable to care for his or her affairs, payment may be made directly to his or her legal guardian or personal representative. 

11.8 Applicable Law . The Policy is intended to be an unfunded top hat pension plan within the meaning of U.S. Department of Labor Regulation Section 2520.104-23 and shall be interpreted, administered, and enforced as such. The Policy shall be construed, interpreted and the rights of the parties determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Oregon (without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in the application of any law other than the law of the State of Oregon). 

11.9 Validity . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Policy shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of the Policy, which shall remain in full force and effect. 

11.10 Captions . The captions contained in the Policy are for convenience only and shall have no bearing on the meaning, construction or interpretation of the Policy s provisions. 

11.11 Expenses . The expenses of administering the Policy shall be borne by the Company or its successor, as applicable. 

11.12 Unfunded Policy . The Policy shall be maintained in a manner to be considered unfunded for purposes of applicable laws. The Company shall be required to make payments only as benefits become due and payable. No person shall have any right, other than the right of an unsecured general creditor against the Company, with respect to the benefits payable hereunder, or which may be payable hereunder, to any Participant, surviving spouse or beneficiary hereunder. If the Company, acting in its sole discretion, establishes a reserve or other fund associated with the Policy, no person shall have any right to or interest in any specific amount or asset of such reserve or fund by reason of amounts which may be payable to such person under the Policy, nor shall such person have any right to receive any payment under the Policy except as and to the extent expressly provided in the Policy. The assets in any such reserve or fund shall be part of the general assets of the Company, subject to the control of the Company. 

11.13 Clawback Policy . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, all Severance Benefits shall be subject to any applicable clawback or similar policy implemented by the Company. 

7 

I hereby certify that the foregoing Policy was duly adopted by the Board of The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. on _____________, 2024. 

Signature: _________________________________ 
 
 Name: 
 
 Title: 

EXHIBIT A 

CEO 
 Group 1 
 Group 2 

Base Salary Months 
 24 
 18 
 12 

Cash Equivalent of Monthly Health Benefit Premiums 
 24 
 18 
 12 

Group 1 Participants - Executive officers who hold the title of: 
 1. Business Unit President; 

2. Chief Financial Officer (CFO); or 

3. Chief Operations Officer (COO) 

Group 2 Participants: 
 1. All other executive officers 

Exh. A- 1 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-10.37>
 5
 gbx-ex10_37.htm
 EX-10.37

EX-10.37 

Exhibit 10.37 

William Glenn 
 The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. 
 USA 
 
 October 16, 2024 
 
 International Assignment Letter 
 
 Dear William, 
 
 This letter confirms the terms of your continued assignment from the United States to Europe. 
 
 1. Introduction 
 
 Unless otherwise specified herein, your current employment terms and conditions will remain unchanged for the remaining duration of the assignment. 
 
 2. Assignment duration 
 
 The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. may, or may cause one of its subsidiaries (in either case, the Company to, in consultation with you, extend or shorten the assignment according to business needs and/or your personal circumstances. Upon the successful completion of your assignment, you are expected to be repatriated to your home country. 
 
 3. Benefits 
 
 During the remainder of the assignment, the Company will continue to provide you with: (i) housing accommodations (including utilities) in Europe; (ii) tax preparation services for taxes in your home country and your host country (including, after the assignment, for tax years for which international earnings are taxed by your host country); (iii) participation in an international health plan (including for your eligible dependents); (iv) periodic round-trip travel (including your spouse) to your home country, determined in consultation with management; and (v) consistent with your existing entitlements, limited tax equalization on certain of your benefits. In addition, in the event of a serious illness or death in your or your spouse s immediate family, the Company will bear the round-trip cost of direct route travel for you and your spouse to the United States. Upon completion of your assignment, you will be eligible for repatriation benefits similar to those in your original relocation, including relocation travel and excess baggage. 
 
 1 

4. Termination of Employment 
 
 Upon termination of your employment by the Company while on the assignment, the Company will pay reasonable transportation and moving costs for you and your family to return to the U.S. If such termination is other than for Cause (as defined in your Change in Control Agreement with the Company), the Company will also reimburse you for repatriation tax consultation services and provide you with a relocation allowance for temporary living expenses. Should you resign your employment, you will bear all relocation and other costs arising after such termination. 
 
 5. Code Section 409A 
 
 Although the Company does not guarantee any particular tax treatment relating to the benefits described above, it is intended that such benefits be exempt from, or comply with, U.S. Tax Code Section 409A. All taxable expenses or other reimbursements hereunder will be paid no later than the last day of the taxable year following the taxable year in which such expenses were incurred, and no such reimbursement or expenses eligible for reimbursement in any taxable year will in any way affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other taxable year. The right to such expenses and reimbursements will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, payment, or reimbursement. Any benefit provided to you under this letter that is not exempt from U.S. Tax Code Section 409A will comply with the 6-month delay rule applicable to specified employees to the extent such delay is applicable to such benefit. All benefits hereunder will be treated as a series of separate payments for purposes of U.S. Tax Code Section 409A. 
 
 6. 	Miscellaneous. 
 
 Nothing in this letter is intended to abrogate, and nothing in this letter shall be interpreted as abrogating, your existing entitlements with respect to the assignment. 
 This letter: (i) is not assignable by either party to this letter Party without the consent of the other Party (except by the Company to one of its subsidiaries)(ii) can only be amended in writing signed by both Parties, (iii) . represents the entire agreement between the Parties regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior arrangements or agreement regarding the same, and, (iv) does not revise the at will employment arrangement between the Parties which may be discontinued by you or the Company at any time with or without cause, and (v) will be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Oregon, without regard to the choice of law principles thereof. 
 Any suit, action or other legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this letter will be brought exclusively in the Federal or state courts located in the State of Oregon. Each Party agrees to submit to the jurisdiction in the foregoing courts and to venue in those courts and waives all legal challenges and defenses to the propriety of a forum in Portland, Oregon and to the application of Federal or Oregon law therein. 
 2 

Please confirm acceptance of the terms set out in this letter by signing below and returning a copy of the signed letter to me. 
 
 Sincerely, 

/s/ Lorie L. Tekorius 

Lorie L. Tekorius 

Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: October 16, 2024 

Acknowledgement: 
 
 By signing below, I acknowledge receipt of this letter; I accept the terms and conditions contained herein; and I consent to the continued assignment. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this letter is intended to diminish my rights under my current employment arrangement with the Company, or any plan or equity-based award agreement, and I will continue to be entitled to the rights and benefits under any such arrangement during this continued assignment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, I acknowledge and agree that my consent herein to the continued assignment, and my acceptance of this particular continued assignment and my repatriation thereafter, will not give rise to any right to terminate for Good Reason now or hereafter. 
 
 /s/ William Glenn 

William Glenn 
 
 Date: October 16, 2024 

SVP, President, Europe 

3 

</EX-10.37>

<EX-19.1>
 6
 gbx-ex19_1.htm
 EX-19.1

EX-19.1 

Exhibit 19.1 

Policy Regarding Trading in Company Securities 
 
 This Policy is adopted by the Board of Directors of The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. Greenbrier or the Company ). It governs all transactions, including purchases, sales, gifts and other transfers, in Company Common Stock or other securities of the Company, whether debt or equity, including 144A-traded securities, as well as any derivative securities such as put and call options, swaps, warrants, convertible debentures, and debt securities (collectively, Company Securities by persons subject to this Policy. 
 Overview 
 It is a violation of federal securities laws for any person to buy or sell securities if he or she is in possession of material inside information. Information is material if there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in making an investment decision. It is inside information if it has not been publicly disclosed in a manner making it available to investors generally on a broad-based non-exclusionary basis. Furthermore, it is illegal for any person in possession of material inside information to provide other people with such information or to recommend that they buy or sell the securities. (This is called tipping. 
 Persons Subject to the Policy 
 This Policy applies to all domestic and foreign employees, officers, directors and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries, their family members and others living in their households, and entities whose transactions in securities they direct, influence or control. Each employee, officer, director and consultant is responsible for assuring that his or her family members, others in his or her personal household, and any entities whose transactions in securities he or she directs, influences or controls, comply with the Policy. 
 Investments in Company Securities Generally 
 The Company encourages investments by its employees, officers, directors and consultants in Company Securities. The Company believes any such investments should be for long-term holding and not for short-term speculation. This Policy is intended to further these objectives by helping to assure that such investments comply with relevant legal and ethical principles. 
 No Unauthorized Use or Disclosure of Inside Information 
 No officer, director, employee or consultant of the Company or any of its subsidiaries who has material inside information of the Company may buy, sell or otherwise transact in Company Securities. No such person should disclose inside information to anyone, except to persons within the Company whose positions require them to know. Unauthorized disclosure outside the Company of material inside information, even without buying or selling Company Securities, will violate this Policy and may violate securities laws. 
 Definition of Material Inside Information 

Information is considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in deciding whether to buy, sell or hold Company Securities or would view the information as altering the total mix of information in the marketplace, or if it is likely to affect the price of any Company Securities. Common examples of information that may be material include: 
 Projections of future earnings or losses, or other earnings guidance, 

Actual earnings that are inconsistent with consensus expectations of the investment community, 

Significant pending mergers or acquisitions or dispositions of significant assets, 

Changes in senior management, 

Major events regarding Company Securities, including adoption of stock repurchase programs, 

Severe financial or liquidity problems, 

Actual or threatened major litigation, or the resolution of such litigation, 

Changes in dividend policy or practice, and 

The gain or loss of new major contracts, orders, suppliers, customers or finance sources. 

Both positive and negative information can be material. Because trading that receives scrutiny will be evaluated after the fact with the benefit of hindsight, questions concerning the materiality of particular information should often be resolved in favor of a finding of materiality and trading avoided prior to public disclosure of the information. 
 Inside information generally refers to information concerning the Company s financial condition, profits or losses, or business prospects that has not yet been disclosed to the public. Inside information does not lose its nonpublic status as soon as it is disclosed. Information is considered to be public only when it has been broadly released to the marketplace (such as by press release or SEC filing) and the investing public has had time to absorb the information fully. As a general rule under this Policy, information is considered nonpublic until the third business day following its release. 
 The Company has established procedures for disseminating information to the financial press. If you have questions concerning disclosure, contact the Vice President, Corporate Finance and Treasurer, or Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, at (503) 684-7000. 
 Tipping Information to Others 
 Regardless of whether material inside information is proprietary information about the Company or information that could have an impact on the price of Company Securities, you must not pass it on to outsiders. As noted above, the penalties for tipping another person who violates the law also apply to the tipper, regardless of whether the tipper benefits from the other person s actions. 
 Inside Information Regarding Other Companies 
 This Policy also prohibits any officer, director, employee or consultant from transacting in the securities of any other company on the basis of material non-public information about that company that is obtained as a result of his or her affiliation with Greenbrier. Each such person should treat this information with the same degree of care required to adequately protect information about the Company. 
 Short Sales, Hedging, Puts, Calls and Other Options 

In order to avoid any appearance of speculation in the Company s Securities, no employee, officer, director or consultant of the Company or any of its subsidiaries may engage in short sales (sales of securities that are not then owned), purchase or sell puts or calls on Company Common Stock or otherwise trade in or write options on Company Securities at any time or enter into hedging or monetization transactions regarding Company Securities including, but not limited to, prepaid variable forward contracts, zero-cost collars, equity swaps or exchange funds. 
 Margin Accounts and Pledges 
 No director or executive officer may hold Company Common Stock in a margin account or pledge Company Common Stock as collateral for a loan, except where the director or executive officer wishing to pledge Company Common Stock as collateral for a loan (not including margin debt) obtains clearance in advance of the proposed transaction from the Chair of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer. 
 Special Rules for Company Insiders 
 In addition to the general rules set forth above, special rules apply to Company personnel who, because of their specific job duties, may have more access to inside information or a greater potential for unintentional misuse of inside information. These persons will be designated as Company Insiders from time to time and will be notified of that status. Others may be added to the list of Company Insiders on an ad hoc basis from time to time by the officers administering this Policy. 
 Company Insiders may transact in Company Securities only during quarterly window periods. These window periods will begin on the third business day following public announcement of annual or quarterly financial results for the most recently completed fiscal period and end fourteen days prior to the end of the Company s next fiscal quarter. Additionally, there may be other times pending release to the public of material information when Company Insiders are prohibited from any trading, gifting or otherwise transacting in Company Securities. Accordingly, the window periods may be closed or suspended by the Chief Executive Officer or other senior officer of the Company when, in his or her judgment, trading in Company Securities would be inappropriate. 
 In addition to observing the window periods, Company Insiders are required to clear all transactions in Company Securities in advance with the Chief Legal Officer or Chief Financial Officer (each, a Compliance Officer ). The Company has designated two Compliance Officers as a convenience to Company Insiders in the event that one or the other is unavailable. Company Insiders need not obtain the approval of both Compliance Officers before trading, but each Compliance Officer must clear his or her trades with the other. A Compliance Officer may determine that no sales may occur even during a window period. This Policy requires that the Company maintain a written record of all trade clearances. 
 Personal Responsibility 
 Compliance with the special rules for Company Insiders is not a substitute for compliance with the overall Policy prohibiting any trading in Company Securities by persons who possess material inside information. Even during window periods, when trading would otherwise be permitted, persons in possession of material inside information may not buy or sell Company Securities. You are ultimately responsible for adhering to this Policy and avoiding improper trading. 
 Stock Incentive Plans 

The restrictions on the transactions in Company Securities, and the requirement that Company Insiders pre-clear transactions in Company Securities, apply to any sale of Company Common Stock acquired under Stock Incentive Plans. 
 Specifically, the trading restrictions under this Policy do not apply to the grant or award of stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock or stock appreciation rights issued or offered by the Company. Similarly, the trading restrictions under this Policy also do not apply to the vesting, cancellation or forfeiture of stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock or stock appreciation rights in accordance with applicable plans and agreements. The trading restrictions do apply, however, to any subsequent sales of any such Company Securities or Company Common Stock underlying such securities and any other market sale for the purpose of generating the cash needed to pay withholding taxes related to the settlement of restricted stock units or stock option exercises. 
 The trading restrictions in this Policy do not apply to elections with respect to participation in the Company s employee stock purchase plan or to purchases of securities under the plan. However, the trading restrictions do apply to any subsequent sales of any such securities acquired therefrom. 1 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 This Policy also does not apply to transactions in Company Securities under the terms of an SEC Rule 10b5-1 trading plan which has been approved by a Compliance Officer after consultation with Company counsel. Company Insiders may not enter into, modify, amend or terminate a 10b5-1 trading plan relating to Company Securities without the prior approval of a Compliance Officer, which will only be given during a window period. 
 Reporting on SEC Forms 3, 4 and 5 
 Members of the Board of Directors and Company officers designated from time to time by the Board as executive officers for purposes of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 will, among other responsibilities, be required to timely complete and file with the SEC reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5. 2 Responsibility for filing such reports is with the individual director or executive officer. However, the Company will endeavor to assist directors and executive officers in completing and filing required reports. To aid in this process, and in addition to, and not in substitution for, other requirements of law and this Policy, each director and executive officer is required to notify the Company of his or her intent to execute a transaction in the Company s stock, including a gift of Company Securities, at least 24 hours before such transaction is to be consummated. 
 Enforcement of This Policy 
 Violation of this Policy may result in substantial civil liability for damages or criminal penalties. Violation of this Policy may also result in disciplinary action by the Company, including, in appropriate circumstances, termination of employment. 
 
 2 An initial report on Form 3 must be filed by every executive officer within 10 days after election or appointment disclosing all equity securities of the Company beneficially owned by the reporting person on the date he or she became an executive officer. Any subsequent change in the nature or amount of beneficial ownership by the executive officer must be reported on Form 4 and filed by the end of the second business day following the date of the transaction. 

Certification by Insiders 
 Company Insiders must annually certify their understanding of, and intent to comply with, this Policy on the attached form, but are bound by the Policy whether or not they execute and return the certification. 
 Company Assistance 
 Questions regarding this Policy or its application to any proposed transaction should be addressed to the Chief Legal Officer or Chief Financial Officer. Do not try to resolve uncertainties on your own as the rules relating to insider trading are often complex, not always intuitive and carry severe consequences. 
 Policy last amended by the Board in April 2024. 
 Policy last reviewed by the Governance Committee and Board in April 2024. 

CERTIFICATION 
 
 I certify that (a) I have received, read, and understand the Policy Regarding Trading in Company Securities, and related procedures, copies of which were distributed with this certificate, and (b) I have complied, and will continue to comply, with the Policy as a condition of employment or association with the Company. 
 						 Signature: _____________________________ 
 						 Name: ________________________________ 
 						 Date: _________________________________ 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 gbx-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 THE GREENBRIER COMPANIES, INC. 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 As of August 31, 2024 

Name 
 
 State of Incorporation 
 
 Names Under Which Does Business (if other than registered name) 

Alliance Castings Company, LLC 
 
 DE 

Amsted-Maxion Fundi o E Equipamentos Ferrovi rios S.A. 
 
 Brazil 

Apromat S.A. 
 
 Romania 

ARI Component Venture LLC 
 
 DE 

Astra Rail Industries S.A. 
 
 Romania 

Astra Rail Project s.r.o. 
 
 Slovak Republic 

Axis, LLC 
 
 DE 

Axis Operating Company LLC 
 
 DE 

Castings LLC 
 
 DE 

GBX Leasing, LLC 
 
 DE 

GBX Leasing 2022-1 LLC 
 
 DE 

GBX Leasing 2022-1 (Canada) Ltd. 
 
 Canada 

GBXL I (Canada) Ltd. 
 
 Canada 

GBXL I, LLC 
 
 DE 

GBXL Holdings, LLC 
 
 DE 

GG Trailers, S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

GGSynergy, S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

Greenbrier-Astra Rail B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Greenbrier Central, LLC 
 
 OR 

Greenbrier GIMSA, LLC 
 
 OR 

Greenbrier do Brasil Participa es Ltda. 
 
 Brazil 

Greenbrier Europe B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Greenbrier Europe Holdings, B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Greenbrier Europe Holdings II B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Greenbrier Europe Holdings II Subsidiary B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Greenbrier Germany GmbH 
 
 Germany 

Greenbrier Industries, S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

Greenbrier International Holdings II, LLC 
 
 OR 

Greenbrier Leasing Company LLC 
 
 OR 
 
 Greenbrier Intermodal 

Greenbrier Leasing Europe B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

Greenbrier Leasing Ireland Limited 
 
 Ireland 

Greenbrier Leasing Limited 
 
 Nova Scotia, Canada 

Greenbrier Management Services, LLC 
 
 DE 
 
 CIT Rail Services 

Greenbrier Maxion Equipamentos e Servi os Ferrovi rios S.A. 
 
 Brazil 

Greenbrier Maxion Funding I Ltda. 
 
 Brazil 

Greenbrier Middle East Limited Company 
 
 Saudi Arabia 

Greenbrier Omaha LLC 
 
 OR 

Greenbrier Railcar Leasing, Inc. 
 
 WA 

Greenbrier Railcar Sales Repair and Maintenance L.L.C. 
 
 UAE 

Greenbrier S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

Greenbrier Tank Components, LLC 
 
 OR 

Greenbrier Union Holdings I LLC 
 
 OR 

Greenbrier Vagon Sanayi Ve Ticaret Limited irketi 
 
 Turkey 

Greenbrier-Concarril, LLC 
 
 DE 

Gunderson GIMSA S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

Gunderson LLC 
 
 OR 

Gunderson Rail Services LLC 
 
 OR 
 
 American Hydraulics GMO Parts Greenbrier Rail Services YSD Industries Greenbrier Castings 

Gunderson Specialty Products, LLC 
 
 DE 

Gunderson-Concarril S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

I.C.P.V. S.A. 
 
 Romania 

Meridian Rail Acquisition Corp. 
 
 OR 
 
 Greenbrier Rail Services 

Meridian Rail Holdings Corp. 
 
 OR 

Meridian Rail Mexico City Corp. 
 
 OR 

MGMS, LLC 
 
 DE 

Ohio Castings Company, LLC 
 
 DE 

WagonySwidnica sp. z o.o. 
 
 Poland 

YSD Doors, S.A. de C.V 
 
 Mexico 

Zaklad Transportu Kolejowego SIARKOPOL sp. z o.o. 
 
 Poland 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 gbx-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (333-187887, 333-195058, 333-223315, 333-251916, and 333-278586) on Form S-8 of our reports dated October 24, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Portland, Oregon October 24, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 gbx-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Lorie L. Tekorius, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the Greenbrier Companies for the annual period ended August 31, 2024; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statement for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 October 24, 2024 

/s/ Lorie L. Tekorius 

Lorie L. Tekorius 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 gbx-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS (cont d) 
 I, Michael J. Donfris, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the Greenbrier Companies for the annual period ended August 31, 2024; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statement for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 October 24, 2024 

/s/ Michael J. Donfris 

Michael J. Donfris 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 gbx-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the annual report of The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the annual period ended August 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date therein specified (the Report), I, Lorie L. Tekorius, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 24, 2024 

/s/ Lorie L. Tekorius 

Lorie L. Tekorius 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 gbx-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the annual report of The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the annual period ended August 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date therein specified (the Report), I, Michael J. Donfris, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 24, 2024 

/s/ Michael J. Donfris 

Michael J. Donfris 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 32
 gbx-20240831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

