<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241008_10-K_edgar_data_1865468_0001493152-24-040433.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4595472</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>252802</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>979674</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1180187</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>984998</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1114570</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-040433.hdr.sgml : 20241008
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241008160525
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-040433
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241008
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241008

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kairous Acquisition Corp. Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001865468
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41155
		FILM NUMBER:		241360372

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		LEVEL 39 MARINA BAY FINANCIAL CENTRE
		STREET 2:		TOWER 2, 10 MARINA BOULEVARD,
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			018983
		BUSINESS PHONE:		662-255-6851340

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		LEVEL 39 MARINA BAY FINANCIAL CENTRE
		STREET 2:		TOWER 2, 10 MARINA BOULEVARD,
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			018983

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-040433.txt : 20241008

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____________ to ________________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A 
 
 (State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 entitling the holder
 to receive one-tenth of an ordinary share 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of Amendment No.1 to Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

At
December 29, 2023, which is the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate
market value of the Registrant s ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately million. 

The
number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s ordinary shares as of October 8, 2024 was . 

DOCUMENTS
 INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

KAIROUS
ACQUISITION CORP. LIMITED 

Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended June 30, 2024 

PART I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 14 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 14 
 
 ITEM
 1C. 
 CYBERSECURITY 
 14 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 15 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 15 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 15 

PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 15 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 16 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 17 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 20 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 20 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 20 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 21 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 21 
 
 ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 21 

PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 25 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 26 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 27 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 29 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 30 
 
 ITEM
 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 31 

i 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE 

References
throughout this to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to we, us, the Company or our company 
are to Kairous Acquisition Corp. Limited, unless the context otherwise indicates. 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the
Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report
that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any
statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying
assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: 

ability
 to complete our initial business combination; 

success
 in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers
 and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving
 our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

potential
 ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool
 of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential
 change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the
 potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

use
 of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

financial
 performance following our initial public offering. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws and/or if and when management knows or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections
are no longer reasonably attainable. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

General 

Kairous
Acquisition Corp. Limited (the Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on March 24, 2021. The Company was formed
for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is not limited to a particular industry
or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited
to a particular industry or geographic region, although the Company intends to focus on opportunities in Asia (excluding China). We shall
not undertake our initial business combination with any entity with its principal business operations in China (including Hong Kong and
Macau). 

On
December 16, 2021, the Company consummated the initial public offering IPO of 7,800,000 units (the Units ),
which includes the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option of 300,000 Units. Each Unit consists of one ordinary
share Ordinary Share ), one-half of one warrant Warrant ), with a whole warrant entitling its holder to purchase
one Ordinary Share at a price of 11.50 per whole share, and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of an Ordinary Share upon the consummation
of an initial business combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 78,000,000. 

On
December 16, 2021, simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, we consummated the private placement Private Placement with our sponsor, Kairous Asia Limited (the Sponsor ), of 357,143 units (the Private Units at a price of
 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 3,571,430. The Private Units are identical to the units sold in the IPO except
with respect to certain registration rights and transfer restrictions. The holders of the Private Units have agreed (A) to vote the private
shares underlying the Private Units (the Private Shares and any public shares acquired by them in favor of any proposed
business combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association with respect to the Company s pre-business combination activities prior to the consummation of a business
combination unless the Company offers holders of IPO shares the right to receive their pro rata portion of the funds then held in the
trust account, (C) not to convert any Private Shares for cash from the trust account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve
our proposed initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity and (D) that the Private Shares shall not participate in
any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated. Our Sponsor has also agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees as the insider shares and
provided the transferees agree to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees of the insider shares must agree to, each
as described above) until the completion of our initial business combination. 

A
total of 78,780,000 of the net proceeds from the sale of Units in the IPO (including the over-allotment option Units) and the Private
Placements on December 16, 2021 were placed in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders
at Citibank maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, acting as trustee. None of the funds held in trust will
be released from the trust account, other than interest income to pay any tax obligations, until the earlier of the completion of an
initial business combination within the required time period or our entry into liquidation if we have not completed a business combination
in the required time period. On January 21, 2022, our ordinary shares, warrants and rights underlying the Units sold in our IPO began
to trade separately on a voluntary basis. 

1 

Since
our IPO, our sole business activity has been identifying and evaluating suitable acquisition transaction candidates. The outbreak of
the COVID-19 coronavirus has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected the economies and financial markets worldwide,
and potential target companies may defer or end discussions for a potential business combination with us whether or not COVID-19 affects
their business operations. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and
the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. 

On
December 9, 2022, we entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger with, among others, Wellous Group Limited, a Cayman Islands
exempted company Wellous ), which provides for a business combination between us and Wellous. Wellous is a fast-growing
Asia-based international nutrition company that develops, manufactures, markets and sells health and wellness products. Subsequently
on June 22, 2023, we and Wellous entered into a termination agreement which provides for the mutual termination of the Agreement and
Plan of Merger. 

On
September 30, 2023, we entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Original Merger Agreement with KAC
Merger Sub 1, a Cayman Islands exempted company and our wholly owned subsidiary Purchaser ), KAC Merger Sub 2, a
Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser Merger Sub ), NR Instant Produce Public
Company Limited, company formed under the laws of Thailand, and Bamboo Mart Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the
 Bamboo Mart ). 

On
March 29, 2024, the Parties entered into an amendment no. 1 (the Amendment to the Merger Agreement in accordance with
the terms of the Merger Agreement. Under the Amendment, (i) the original provision of fairness opinion issuance date under section 4.2(a)
was amended to no later than May 31, 2024; (ii) under section 4.2(b), the delivery date of the Parent Parties written due diligence
request list to the Company was amended to no later than May 1, 2024 and the Company delivery date of the due diligence items based on
the written due diligence request list was amended to no later than May 15, 2024; and (iii) the definition of Outside Date 
under section 12(d)(i) was amended to November 15, 2024. 

On
July 18, 2024, the parties agreed to amend the merger consideration to 188,000,000 with two portions of earn out payments. 

On
September 25, 2024, the Company entered into an amended and restated agreement and plan of merger (as it may be amended, supplemented,
or otherwise modified from time to time, the A R Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, Purchaser, Merger Sub,
the Principal Shareholders, and Bamboo Mart, pursuant to which (a) the Company will be merged with and into Purchaser (the Reincorporation
Merger ), with Purchaser surviving the Reincorporation Merger, and (b) Merger Sub will be merged with and into Bamboo Mart (the
 Acquisition Merger ), with Bamboo Mart surviving the Acquisition Merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser
(collectively, the Proposed Business Combination ). Following the Proposed Business Combination, Purchaser will be a publicly
traded company. The closing of the Proposed Business Combination shall occur no later than March 31, 2025. 

In
addition to the merger consideration to 188,000,000 to be received in connection with the Acquisition Merger, the Bamboo Shareholders
have the right to receive Earnout Consideration (as defined in the A R Merger Agreement) of up to 8,554,455 shares
of the Purchaser Ordinary Shares as follows: 

Number
 of Purchaser Ordinary Shares to be Received 
 
 Condition
 to be Satisfied 
 
 Up
 to 2,930,693 Purchaser Ordinary Shares 
 
 (i)
 if the volume-weighted average price VWAP is equal to or greater than 12.50 per share for any 20 out of 30
 consecutive trading days within three years after the Closing Date, Purchaser shall issue to the Bamboo Shareholders 1,099,010 Purchaser
 Ordinary Shares; 
 
 (ii)
 if the VWAP is equal to or greater than 15.00 per share for any 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days within three years after the
 Closing Date, in addition to the issuance of the Earnout Shares set forth in subparagraph (i) above, Purchaser shall issue to the
 Bamboo Shareholders 1,099,010 Purchaser Ordinary Shares; and 
 
 (iii)
 if the VWAP is equal to or greater than 17.50 per share for any 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days within three years after the
 Closing Date, in addition to the issuance of the Earnout Shares set forth in subparagraphs (i) and (ii) above, Purchaser shall issue
 to the Bamboo Shareholders 732,673 Purchaser Ordinary Shares. 

Up
 to 5,623,762 Purchaser Ordinary Shares 
 
 (i)
 if the revenue of the Bamboo Group for the fiscal year commencing from January 1, 2025 and ending on December 31, 2025 equals or
 exceeds 122,800,000, Purchaser shall issue to the Bamboo Shareholders 2,811,881 Purchaser Ordinary Shares; and 
 
 (ii)
 if the revenue of the Bamboo Group for the fiscal year commencing from January 1, 2026 and ending on December 31, 2026 equals or
 exceeds 170,200,000, in addition to the issuance of the Tranche 2 Earnout Shares set forth in subparagraph (i) above, Purchaser
 shall issue to the Bamboo Shareholders 2,811,881 Purchaser Ordinary Shares. 

2 

As
approved by our shareholders at the annual meeting of Shareholders held on December 2, 2022, on December 7, 2022, we entered into an
amendment to the investment management trust agreement, dated December 13, 2021, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
and adopted a second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, giving us the right to extend the time to complete
a business combination eight (8) times for a total of up to 24 months after the consummation of the IPO, as follows: (i) two (2) times
for an additional three (3) months each time from December 16, 2022 to June 16, 2023 by depositing 360,000 to the Trust Account for
each three-month extension, followed by (ii) six (6) times for an additional one (1) month each time from June 16, 2023 to December 16,
2023 by depositing 120,000 to the Trust Account for each one-month extension. 

As
approved by our shareholders at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders on December 14, 2023, we entered into an amendment, dated December
15, 2023 (the Trust Amendment to the investment management trust agreement, dated December 13, 2021, as amended on December
7, 2022, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. Pursuant to the Trust Amendment, the Company has the right to extend the
time to complete a business combination twelve (12) times for an additional one (1) month each time from December 16, 2023 to December
16, 2024 by depositing into the trust account 50,000 for each one-month extension. 

On
December 14, 2022 and March 10, 2023, we issued two unsecured promissory notes to the Sponsor, each in the amount of 360,000, which
amounts were deposited into the Trust Account to extend the available time to complete a business combination for an additional six months
in total, from December 16, 2022 to March 16, 2023, then further to June 16, 2023. Subsequently on June 9, 2023, June 30, 2023, August
10, 2023 and September 11, 2023, we further entered into four unsecured promissory note arrangements with the Sponsor, each in the amount
of 120,000, which amounts were deposited into the Trust Account to extend the available time to complete a business combination for
an additional three months in total, from June 16, 2023 to July 16, 2023, then to August 16, 2023 and to September 16, 2023, and further
to October 16, 2023 (all the promissory notes abovementioned, collectively, the Extension Notes ). The Sponsor deposited
such amount into the Company s trust account on June 9, 2023, June 30, 2023, August 10, 2023 and September 11, 2023, respectively. 

On
December 15, 2023, January 10, 2024, February 12, 2024, March 15, 2024, April 12, 2024, May 15, 2024, June 13, 2024, July 15, 2024, August
16, 2024 and September 13, 2024, Kairous issued various Extension Notes to the Sponsor, in the amount of 50,000 each, which amounts
were deposited into the Trust Account to extend the available time to complete a business combination to October 16, 2024. 

Competitive
strengths 

We
believe our specific competitive strengths to be the following: 

Experienced
Management Team with Proven Track Record 

Our
management team has a proven track record of successfully managing investments and generating an attractive return for investors. Mr.
Athiwat Apichote, our Chief Executive Officer, has extensive business development experience. Ms. Usanee Lekvanichkul, our Chief Financial
Officer has more than 23 years of experience in the end-to-end M A life cycle, covering several areas such as target screening,
due diligence, valuation, closing account review, purchase price allocation, pricing negotiation, and sell purchase agreement review.
Her extensive experience covers several industries such as manufacturing, food processing, automobile spare parts, consumer products,
construction materials, advertising, banking, and leasing businesses. Both our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are
considered cross-border specialists having significant business experiences in cross-border ventures. 

Strong
Deal Sourcing Capability 

We
believe our regional footprint has given us a strong deal sourcing capability. Together with our management team, we believe we have
a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships that make us efficient at sourcing the best deal for a business combination in
order to attempt to bring maximum returns for our investors. 

Regional
Coverage with Local Expertise 

Our
ability to expedite the growth in the region by cross-border expansion, transfer of know-how and talents between the regions, deep dive
in the different respective markets in Southeast Asia has always been one of the key values sought by our partners and investees. 

By
leveraging our management team s unique regional investment experience, local expertise, world-class processes, cautious downside
protection, and providing post-acquisition value-add capabilities, we believe that we will be able to acquire a target business that
will achieve significant returns for investors. 

3 

Status
as a Publicly Listed Company 

We
believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to prospective target businesses. As a publicly listed
company, we will offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering. We believe that target businesses
will favor this alternative, which we believe is less expensive, while offering greater certainty of execution than the traditional initial
public offering. During an initial public offering, there are typically expenses incurred in marketing, which would be costlier than
a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is approved by our shareholders (if applicable) and
the transaction is consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always
subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering
from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management
incentives that are better aligned with shareholders interests than it would as a private company. It can offer further benefits
by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented management staffs. 

Strong
Financial Position and Flexibility 

With
the funds held in our trust account, we can offer a target business a variety of options to facilitate a business combination and fund
future expansion and growth of its business. Because we are able to consummate a business combination using the cash proceeds from the
IPO and Private Placement, our share capital, debt or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use an efficient structure
allowing us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to address the needs of the parties. However, if a business
combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay for the purchase price, we may need to arrange third party financing
to help fund our business combination. Since we have no specific business combination under consideration, we have not taken any steps
to secure third party financing.] 

Acquisition
Strategy 

Our
acquisition strategy will seek to capitalize on our M A and operational expertise as well as the relationships of our management
team and our board of directors, to identify attractive businesses that have the capacity to grow rapidly by utilizing a public vehicle.
Although we are not limited to any particular industry, we intend to primarily focus on fast-growing technology companies in different
industry verticals, including but not limited to e-commerce, financial technology, insurance technology, digital health, digital media
and digital services. There is no restriction as to the geographic location of targets that we can pursue, although we intend to initially
prioritize geographic locations in Asia (excluding China), as our officers and directors consist of successful entrepreneurs and senior
executives with decades of operating and M A experiences in this region. We shall not undertake our initial business combination
with any entity with its principal business operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). 

Southeast
Asia has been exhibiting high economic growth with GDP growth expected at 5 per annum through 2025. With a population of over 674 million
people and a median age of 30 years old (Worldometers, 2021), the region represents the fifth-largest economy in the world with tremendous
growth potential as the younger population grows to become the main consumption driver. In 2020, the Southeast Asian region had approximately
400 million Internet users, with 90 of them being mobile phone users. On average, internet users in the region spend 4.3 hours per day
on the mobile Internet, indicative of the rise of the digital economy across the region (e-Company SEA Report by Google, Temasek and
Bain Company, 2020). 

Although
we will not target to consummate a business combination with a Chinese company or a company with major operations in China, the successes
of some of the technology companies in China can provide some guidance for investors looking to invest in companies in similar industries
in Southeast Asia. Investment firms with a regional presence, local offices and understanding of the market will have the advantage of
implementing this unique investment strategy and, we believe, bring significant returns to our investors. 

4 

Acquisition
Criteria 

The
focus of our management team is to create shareholder value by leveraging its experience to improve the efficiency of the business while
implementing strategies to grow revenue and profits organically and/or through acquisitions. Consistent with our strategy, we have identified
the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. While we intend
to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating prospective businesses, we may deviate from these criteria and guidelines should we
see fit to do so: 

Niche
 Deal Size 

We
intend to acquire companies with enterprise values of between 120 million and 300 million and with revenue or net profit at an annual
growth rate of at least 50 . We believe we have greater access to companies within this range and the negotiation process is generally
less time consuming than with companies that are much larger. 

Proven
 Business Model in Developed Markets 

We
intend to acquire companies with business models that are well proven in developed markets. Asia is growing at an unprecedented speed
and we believe the region is in need of faster and more efficient business models, similar to those we see in developed countries such
as United States and China that are well proven to be much better in serving the market and recorded strong growth trajectory. For example,
in the United States, there are companies like Thrasio and Perch which focus on improving the efficiency of the eCommerce
value chain. In China, there are companies like Baozun and Lily Beauty which share similar aspirations to those of
its US counterparts. We believe such business models have high potential to work in emerging markets in Asia (excluding China). 

Long-term
 Revenue Visibility with Defensible Market Position 

We
intend to seek target companies that are at an inflection point, such as those who achieved product-market fit and are growing at an
exponential rate, requiring additional management expertise, are able to innovate by developing new products or services, or where we
believe we can drive improved financial performance and where an acquisition by us may help facilitate growth. 

Benefits
 from Being a U.S. Public Company (Value Creation and Marketing Opportunities) 

We
intend to seek target companies that should offer attractive risk-adjusted equity returns for our shareholders. We intend to seek to
acquire a target on terms and in a manner that leverages our experience. We expect to evaluate financial returns based on (i) the potential
for organic growth in cash flows, (ii) the ability to achieve cost savings, (iii) the ability to accelerate growth, including through
the opportunity for follow-on acquisitions and (iv) the prospects for creating value through other value-creation initiatives. Potential
upside from growth in the target business earnings and an improved capital structure will be weighed against any identified downside
risks. 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management
may deem relevant. 

Other
Acquisition Considerations 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm that
our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

5 

Effecting
a Business Combination 

General 

We
intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement of private units, our share capital, debt or a
combination of these in effecting a business combination. Although substantially all of the net proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement
are intended to be applied generally toward effecting a business combination as described in this Form 10-K, the proceeds are not otherwise
being designated for any more specific purposes. A business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which
does not need substantial additional capital but which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding what
it may deem to be adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself. These include time delays, significant expense, loss
of voting control and compliance with various U.S. Federal and state securities laws. In the alternative, we may seek to consummate a
business combination with a company that may be in its early stages of development or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous
business combinations with more than one target business, we will probably have the ability, as a result of our limited resources, to
effect only a single business combination. 

Sources
of Target Businesses 

We
anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers,
venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial community.
These sources may also introduce us to target businesses they think we may be interested in on an unsolicited basis, since many of these
sources will have read this Form 10-K and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their
respective affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts
as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. While we do
not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on
any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting
fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. In no event, however,
will any of our existing officers, directors, special advisors or initial shareholders, or any entity with which they are affiliated,
be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate,
the consummation of a business combination (regardless of the type of transaction). If we decide to enter into a business combination
with a target business that is affiliated with our officers, directors or initial shareholders, we will do so only if we have obtained
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a
financial point of view. However, as of the date of this Form 10-K, there is no affiliated entity that we consider a business combination
target. 

Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business Combination 

Subject
to the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (excluding any
deferred underwriting discounts and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive
agreement for our initial business combination, as described below in more detail, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility
in identifying and selecting a prospective target business. We have not established any other specific attributes or criteria (financial
or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. In evaluating a prospective target business, our management may consider a variety of
factors, including one or more of the following: 

financial
 condition and results of operation; 

growth
 potential; 

experience
 and skill of management and availability of additional personnel; 

capital
 requirements; 

competitive
 position; 

barriers
 to entry; 

stage
 of development of its products, processes or services; 

degree
 of current or potential market acceptance of the products, processes or services; 

proprietary
 features and degree of intellectual property or other protection for its products, processes or services; 

regulatory
 environment of the industry; and 

costs
 associated with effecting the business combination. 

6 

We
believe such factors will be important in evaluating prospective target businesses, regardless of the location or industry in which such
target business operates. However, this list is not intended to be exhaustive. Furthermore, we may decide to enter into a business combination
with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

Any
evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination will be based, to the extent relevant, on the above factors as
well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business combination consistent with our business objective.
In evaluating a prospective target business, we will conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other information which is made available
to us. This due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage, although
we have no current intention to engage any such third parties. 

The
time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot presently
be ascertained with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target
business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available
to otherwise complete a business combination. 

Fair
Market Value of Target Business 

Pursuant
to Nasdaq listing rules, the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least
80 of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and taxes payable on the income earned
on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, although we may acquire
a target business whose fair market value significantly exceeds 80 of the trust account balance. We currently anticipate structuring
a business combination to acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure
a business combination where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100 of such interests or assets
of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we
will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities
of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company,
depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital of a target. In this case, we could
acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders
immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent
to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned
or acquired by the post-transaction company, only the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be
valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test, assuming that we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on NASDAQ. In order
to consummate such an acquisition, we may issue a significant amount of our debt or equity securities to the sellers of such businesses
and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities. Since we have no specific business combination
under consideration, we have not entered into any such fund raising arrangement and have no current intention of doing so. The fair market
value of the target will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial
community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). If our board is not able to independently determine
that the target business has a sufficient fair market value, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking
firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire,
with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We will not be required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire,
as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently determines that the target business complies with the 80 threshold. 

7 

We
will not be required to comply with the 80 fair market value requirement if we are delisted from NASDAQ. If NASDAQ delists our securities
from trading on its exchange, we would not be required to satisfy the fair market value requirement described above and could complete
a business combination with a target business having a fair market value substantially below 80 of the balance in the trust account. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

Our
business combination must be with a target business or businesses that collectively satisfy the minimum valuation standard at the time
of such acquisition, as discussed above, although this process may entail the simultaneous acquisitions of several operating businesses
at the same time. Therefore, at least initially, the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future performance
of a single business. Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities operating
in multiple industries or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations
or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a business combination with only a single entity,
our lack of diversification may: 

subject
 us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon
 the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination, and 

result
 in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited
 number of products, processes or services. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of
such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions, which may
make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple acquisitions, we could also
face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations
(if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or
products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target Business Management 

Although
we intend to scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting a business combination,
we cannot assure you that our assessment of the target business management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure
you that the future management will have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the
future role of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business following a business combination cannot presently be stated
with any certainty. While it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions
with us following a business combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full time efforts to our affairs subsequent to a
business combination. Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination if
they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take
place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form
of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination.
While the personal and financial interests of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target
business, their ability to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination will not be the determining factor
in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally, our officers and directors
may not have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

8 

Following
a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We
cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will
have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Shareholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve an Initial Business Combination 

In
connection with any proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at
a meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless of whether they vote
for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account (net of taxes payable and deferred underwriting fees) or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their
public shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro
rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable and deferred underwriting fees), in
each case subject to the limitations described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial shareholders have agreed, pursuant
to written letter agreements with us, not to convert any public shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that
each shareholder may tender any or all of his, her or its public shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares.
The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their
shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction, or whether the
terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. If we so choose and we are legally permitted to do
so, we have the flexibility to avoid a shareholder vote and allow our shareholders to sell their shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation
14E of the Exchange Act which regulate issuer tender offers. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will
contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC s
proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon such
consummation and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in
favor of the business combination. 

We
chose our net tangible asset threshold of 5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities
Act. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital
closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial
business combination, our net tangible asset threshold may limit our ability to consummate such initial business combination (as we may
be required to have a lesser number of shares converted or sold to us) and may force us to seek third party financing which may not be
available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we
may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Public shareholders may therefore have
to wait until October 16, 2023 (or up to 24 months if we have extended the period of time) in order to be able to receive a pro rata
 share of the trust account. 

Our
initial shareholders and our officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any ordinary shares owned by them in favor of any proposed
business combination, (2) not to convert any ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business
combination and (3) not sell any ordinary shares in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business combination. 

However,
if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of shareholders vote, or indicate an intention
to vote, against such proposed business combination, our officers, directors, initial shareholders or their affiliates could make such
purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers,
directors, initial shareholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section
9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company s stock. 

9 

Ability
to Extend Time to Complete Business Combination 

As
stated in our prospectus in connection with our initial public offering, originally, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate
our initial business combination within 12 months, we may, but are not obligated to, extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination three times by an additional three months each time (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a business combination).
Originally, pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement entered
into between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial
business combination, our insiders or their affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline,
must deposit into the trust account for each three month extension 780,000, on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. The
insiders will receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid
in the event that we are unable to close a business combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so.
Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, or, at the lender s discretion, converted
upon consummation of our business combination into additional private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. Our shareholders have approved
the issuance of the private units upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time
of the consummation of our initial business combination. In the event that we receive notice from our insiders five days prior to the
applicable deadline of their intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three
days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing
whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our insiders and their affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust
account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that some, but not all, of our insiders,
decide to extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination, such insiders (or their affiliates or designees)
may deposit the entire amount required. Any notes issued pursuant to these loans would be in addition to any notes issued pursuant to
working capital loans made to us. 

As
approved by our shareholders at the annual meeting of Shareholders held on December 2, 2022, on December 7, 2022, we entered into an
amendment to the investment management trust agreement, dated December 13, 2021, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
and adopted a second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, giving us the right to extend the time to complete
a business combination eight (8) times for a total of up to 24 months after the consummation of the IPO, as follows: (i) two (2) times
for an additional three (3) months each time from December 16, 2022 to June 16, 2023 by depositing 360,000 to the Trust Account for
each three-month extension, followed by (ii) six (6) times for an additional one (1) month each time from June 16, 2023 to December 16,
2023 by depositing 120,000 to the Trust Account for each one-month extension. 

As
approved by our shareholders at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders on December 14, 2023, we entered into an amendment, dated December
15, 2023 (the Trust Amendment to the investment management trust agreement, dated December 13, 2021, as amended on December
7, 2022, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. Pursuant to the Trust Amendment, the Company has the right to extend the
time to complete a business combination twelve (12) times for an additional one (1) month each time from December 16, 2023 to December
16, 2024 by depositing into the trust account 50,000 for each one-month extension. 

On
December 14, 2022 and March 10, 2023, we issued two unsecured promissory notes to the Sponsor, each in the amount of 360,000, which
amounts were deposited into the Trust Account to extend the available time to complete a business combination for an additional six months
in total, from December 16, 2022 to March 16, 2023, then further to June 16, 2023. Subsequently on June 9, 2023, June 30, 2023, August
10, 2023 and September 11, 2023, we further entered into four unsecured promissory note arrangements with the Sponsor, each in the amount
of 120,000, which amounts were deposited into the Trust Account to extend the available time to complete a business combination for
an additional three months in total, from June 16, 2023 to July 16, 2023, then to August 16, 2023 and to September 16, 2023, and further
to October 16, 2023 (all the promissory notes abovementioned, collectively, the Extension Notes ). The Sponsor deposited
such amount into the Company s trust account on June 9, 2023, June 30, 2023, August 10, 2023 and September 11, 2023, respectively. 

On
May 10, 2023, we entered in to an amendment to Extension Notes with the Sponsor in respect of each of the Extension Notes so as to amend
certain terms of the Extension Notes, whereby the Sponsor and us agreed that each of the Extension Notes shall be converted into ordinary
shares of the Company prior to or concurrently with the closing of a business combination at a price of 10.10 per share. In the event
that a business combination does not close on or prior to September 16, 2023, as such deadline may be further extended, each of the Extension
Notes shall be deemed to be terminated and no amounts will thereafter be due from the Company to the Sponsor under the terms thereof. 

On
December 15, 2023, January 10, 2024, February 12, 2024, March 15, 2024, April 12, 2024, May 15, 2024, June 13, 2024, July 15, 2024, August
16, 2024 and September 13, 2024, Kairous issued various Extension Notes to the Sponsor, in the amount of 50,000 each, which amounts
were deposited into the Trust Account to extend the available time to complete a business combination to October 16, 2024 . 

Conversion/Tender
Rights 

At
any meeting called to approve an initial business combination, public shareholders may seek to convert their public shares, regardless
of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our initial shareholders have
agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to convert any public shares held by them into their pro rata share
of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. The conversion rights will be effected under our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association and Cayman Islands law as redemptions. If we hold a meeting to approve an initial business combination, a
holder will always have the ability to vote against a proposed business combination and not seek conversion of his shares. 

10 

Alternatively,
if we engage in a tender offer, each public shareholder will be provided the opportunity to sell his public shares to us in such tender
offer. The tender offer rules require us to hold the tender offer open for at least 20 business days. Accordingly, this is the minimum
amount of time we would need to provide holders to determine whether they want to sell their public shares to us in the tender offer
or remain an investor in our company. 

Our
initial shareholders, officers and directors will not have conversion rights with respect to any ordinary shares owned by them, directly
or indirectly, whether acquired prior to the IPO or purchased by them in the IPO or in the aftermarket. 

We
may also require public shareholders, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in street name, to either tender
their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust
Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, at any time at or prior to the vote on the
business combination. Once the shares are converted by the holder, and effectively redeemed by us under Cayman Islands law, the transfer
agent will then update our Register of Members to reflect all conversions. The proxy solicitation materials that we will furnish to shareholders
in connection with the vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring shareholders to satisfy such
delivery requirements. Accordingly, a shareholder would have from the time our proxy statement is mailed through the vote on the business
combination to deliver his shares if he wishes to seek to exercise his conversion rights. Under our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association, we are required to provide at least 10 days advance notice of any shareholder meeting, which would be
the minimum amount of time a shareholder would have to determine whether to exercise conversion rights. As a result, if we require public
shareholders who wish to convert their ordinary shares into the right to receive a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust
account to comply with the foregoing delivery requirements, holders may not have sufficient time to receive the notice and deliver their
shares for conversion. Accordingly, investors may not be able to exercise their conversion rights and may be forced to retain our securities
when they otherwise would not want to. 

There
is a nominal cost associated with this tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC
System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 45 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this
cost on to the converting holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise
conversion rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such
delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require shareholders seeking to exercise conversion rights to deliver their shares
prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated, this may result
in an increased cost to shareholders. 

Any
request to convert or tender such shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination
or expiration of the tender offer. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered his certificate in connection with an election
of their conversion or tender and subsequently decides prior to the vote on the business combination or the expiration of the tender
offer not to elect to exercise such rights, he may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). 

If
the initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their
conversion or tender rights would not be entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account.
In such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders. 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Business Combination 

If
we do not complete a business combination by October 16, 2023 (or up to 24 months after the consummation of the IPO, if we extend the
time to complete a business combination as described in this Form 10-K) from the consummation of the IPO, our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provides that we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as
reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as
shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the
requirements of other applicable law. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination
by October 16, 2023 , we may, but are not obligated to, further extend the period of time to consummate a business combination two
times by an additional one month each time (for a total of up to 24 months to complete a business combination). 

11 

Pursuant
to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement entered into between us and Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company, as amended, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination,
our insiders or their affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the
trust account for each one-month extension 120,000, on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. The insiders will receive a
non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid in the event that we
are unable to close a business combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes would either
be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, or, at the lender s discretion, converted upon consummation of our
business combination into ordinary shares of the Company at a price of 10.10 per share. Our shareholders will have approved the issuance
of the securities upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation
of our initial business combination. In the event that we receive notice from our insiders five days prior to the applicable deadline
of their intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the
applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not
the funds had been timely deposited. Our insiders and their affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend
the time for us to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that some, but not all, of our insiders, decide to extend
the period of time to consummate our initial business combination, such insiders (or their affiliates or designees) may deposit the entire
amount required. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within such time period, we will, as promptly as possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of our outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held
in the trust account, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not necessary to
pay our taxes, then seek to liquidate and dissolve. However, we may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors
which may take priority over the claims of our public shareholders. In the event of our liquidation and subsequent dissolution, the public
rights will expire and will be worthless. 

The
amount in the trust account under the Companies Act will be treated as funds distributable under the Companies Act provided that immediately
following the date on which the proposed distribution is proposed to be made, we are able to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary
course of business. If we are forced to liquidate the trust account, we anticipate that we would distribute to our public shareholders
the amount in the trust account calculated as of the date that is two days prior to the distribution date (including any accrued interest).
Prior to such distribution, we would be required to assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us by our creditors for
amounts they are actually owed and make provision for such amounts, as creditors take priority over our public shareholders with respect
to amounts that are owed to them. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against
us. As such, our shareholders could potentially be liable for any claims of creditors to the extent of distributions received by them
as an unlawful payment in the event we enter an insolvent liquidation. Furthermore, while we will seek to have all vendors and service
providers (which would include any third parties we engaged to assist us in any way in connection with our search for a target business)
and prospective target businesses execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in
or to any monies held in the trust account, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements. Nor is there any guarantee
that, even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust account or that a court would
conclude that such agreements are legally enforceable. 

Each
of our initial shareholders and our officers and directors have agreed to waive its rights to participate in any liquidation of our trust
account or other assets with respect to the insider shares and private units and to vote their insider shares, private shares in favor
of any liquidation and plan of distribution which we submit to a vote of shareholders. There will be no distribution from the trust account
with respect to our warrants or rights, which will expire worthless. 

12 

If
we are unable to complete an initial business combination and expend all of the net proceeds of the IPO, other than the proceeds deposited
in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the initial per-share distribution
from the trust account would be 10.10. 

The
proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would be prior to the claims
of our public shareholders. Although we will seek to have all vendors, including lenders for money borrowed, prospective target businesses
or other entities we engage execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even
if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including but not limited
to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account.
If any third party refused to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, we would perform an analysis
of the alternatives available to us if we chose not to engage such third party and evaluate if such engagement would be in the best interest
of our shareholders if such third party refused to waive such claims. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party
that refused to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed
by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management
is unable to find a provider of required services willing to provide the waiver. In any event, our management would perform an analysis
of the alternatives available to it and would only enter into an agreement with a third party that did not execute a waiver if management
believed that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. In addition, there
is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any
negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. 

The
sponsor has agreed that, if we liquidate the trust account prior to the consummation of a business combination, it will be liable to
pay debts and obligations to target businesses or vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted
for or products sold to us in excess of the net proceeds of the IPO and Private Placement not held in the trust account, but only to
the extent necessary to ensure that such debts or obligations do not reduce the amounts in the trust account and only if such parties
have not executed a waiver agreement. However, we cannot assure you that they will be able to satisfy those obligations if they are required
to do so. Accordingly, the actual per-share distribution could be less than 10.10 due to claims of creditors. 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective
similar to ours. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous
potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and Private Placement, our ability to compete in acquiring
certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. 

The
following also may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses: 

our obligation to seek shareholder approval of a business combination or obtain the necessary financial information to be sent to shareholders
in connection with such business combination may delay or prevent the completion of a transaction; 

13 

our obligation to convert public shares held by our public shareholders may reduce the resources available to us for a business combination; 

NASDAQ may require us to file a new listing application and meet its initial listing requirements to maintain the listing of our securities
following a business combination; 

our outstanding warrants, rights and unit purchase option and the potential future dilution they represent; 

our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting discounts to Maxim Group LLC upon consummation of our initial business combination; 

our obligation to either repay or issue units upon conversion of up to 1,000,000 of working capital loans that may be made to us by
our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates; 

our obligation to register the resale of the insider shares, as well as the private units (and underlying securities) and any securities
issued to our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans; and 

the impact on the target business assets as a result of unknown liabilities under the securities laws or otherwise depending on
developments involving us prior to the consummation of a business combination. 

Any
of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. Our management believes,
however, that our status as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive
advantage over privately-held entities having a similar business objective as ours in acquiring a target business with significant growth
potential on favorable terms. 

If
we succeed in effecting a business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target
business. We cannot assure you that, subsequent to a business combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete effectively. 

Facilities 

We
maintain our principal executive office at Level 39 Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2, 10 Marina Boulevard, City Singapore 018983,
Singapore. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We
have two executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to
devote only as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based
on whether a target business has been selected for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company
is in. Accordingly, once management locates a suitable target business to acquire, they will spend more time investigating such target
business and negotiating and processing the business combination (and consequently spend more time to our affairs) than they would prior
to locating a suitable target business. We presently expect our executive officers to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe
is necessary to our business (which could range from only a few hours a week while we are trying to locate a potential target business
to a majority of their time as we move into serious negotiations with a target business for a business combination). We do not intend
to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of a business combination. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

As
a smaller reporting company we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
1C. CYBERSECURITY 

We
are a SPAC with no business operations. Since our IPO, our sole business activity has been identifying and evaluating suitable acquisition
transaction candidates. Therefore, we do not consider that we face significant cybersecurity risk and have not adopted any cybersecurity
risk management program or formal processes for assessing cybersecurity risk. Our board of directors is generally responsible for the
oversight of risks from cybersecurity threats, if any. We have not encountered any cybersecurity incidents since our IPO. 

14 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operations. We maintain our principal executive offices
at Level 39 Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2, 10 Marina Boulevard, City Singapore 018983, Singapore. We consider our current office
space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not
currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding,
investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
Applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
units began to trade on the Nasdaq Global Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol KACLU on December 14, 2021. The ordinary
shares, warrants and rights comprising the units began separate trading on Nasdaq on January 21, 2022, under the symbols KACL ,
 KACLW and KACLR , respectively. 

Holders
of Record 

As
of September 30, 2024, there were 3,683,906 of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding held by 9 shareholders of record.
The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of ordinary
shares whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an
initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent
to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board
of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate
declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate
declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may
be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On
December 16, 2021, the Company consummated its IPO of 7,800,000 Units (including the issuance of 300,000 Units as a result of the underwriter s
partial exercise of the over-allotment option). Each Unit consists of one Ordinary Share, one-half of one Warrant, with a whole Warrant
entitling its holder to purchase one Ordinary Share at a price of 11.50 per whole share, and one Right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of
an Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial business combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit,
generating gross proceeds of 78,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the Private Placement of
357,143 Private Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 3,571,430. A total of 78,780,000 of the net
proceeds from the sale of Units in the IPO (including the over-allotment option units) and the Private Placements on December 16, 2021,
were placed in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders. The Company issued 39,000 ordinary
shares of the Company to the representative of the underwriter (the Representative Shares for services related to the
Initial Public Offering. The Representative Shares have a grant date fair value of 341,230. 

15 

Use
of Proceeds 

On
December 16, 2021, the Company consummated its initial public offering IPO of 7,800,000 units (the Units (including the issuance of 300,000 Units as a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of the over-allotment option). Each
Unit consists of one ordinary share Ordinary Share ), one-half of one warrant Warrant entitling its holder
to purchase one Ordinary Share at a price of 11.50 per whole share, and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of an Ordinary Share upon
the consummation of an initial business combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of 78,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated a private placement Private Placement of 357,143 units (the Private Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 3,571,430. A
total of 78,780,000 of the net proceeds from the sale of Units in the IPO (including the over-allotment option units) and the Private
Placements on December 16, 2021, were placed in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders. 

The
Private Units are identical to the units sold in the IPO except with respect to certain registration rights and transfer restrictions.
The holders of the Private Units have agreed (A) to vote the private shares underlying the Private Units (the Private Shares and any public shares acquired by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment
to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association with respect to the Company s pre-business combination
activities prior to the consummation of a business combination unless the Company offers holders of IPO shares the right to receive their
pro rata portion of the funds then held in the trust account, (C) not to convert any Private Shares for cash from the trust account in
connection with a shareholder vote to approve our proposed initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity and (D)
that the Private Shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated.
Our sponsor has also agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except to the same permitted
transferees as the insider shares and provided the transferees agree to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees
of the insider shares must agree to, each as described above) until the completion of our initial business combination. 

We
paid a total of 1,560,000, in underwriting discounts and commissions (not including the 3.5 deferred underwriting commission payable
at the consummation of initial business combination) and 552,288 for other costs and expenses related to our formation and the IPO. 

For
a description of the use of the proceeds generated in our initial public offering, see below Part II, Item 7 Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

16 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set
forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company, incorporated on March 24, 2021, as a Cayman Islands exempted company. We were incorporated for the purpose
of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or
more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Quarterly Report as our initial business combination . We intend to effectuate
our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering and the private placement of the Private Placement Units (as defined below), the sale of certain forward purchase securities, our shares
(other backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or otherwise), securities, debt
or a combination of cash, equity and debt. 

We
held our annual meeting of shareholders on December 2, 2022 (the 2022 Annual Meeting ). During the 2022 Annual Meeting,
shareholders approved, among other things, (x) the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by
which the Company has the right to extend the time to complete a business combination eight (8) times, as follows: (i) two (2) times
for an additional three (3) months each time from December 16, 2022 to June 16, 2023 for each three-month extension, followed by (ii)
six (6) times for an additional one (1) month each time from June 16, 2023 to December 16, 2023 for each one-month extension; (y) an
amendment to the Company s investment management trust agreement, dated December 13, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company to extend the time to complete a business combination eight (8) times, as follows: (i) two (2) times
for an additional three (3) months each time from December 16, 2022 to June 16, 2023 by depositing 360,000 to the trust account for
each three-month extension, followed by (ii) six (6) times for an additional one (1) month each time from June 16, 2023 to December 16,
2023 by depositing 120,000 to the trust account for each one-month extension; and (z) elected all of the six nominees for directors
to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders approved. 

As
approved by our shareholders at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders on December 14, 2023, we entered into an amendment, dated December
15, 2023 (the Trust Amendment to the investment management trust agreement, dated December 13, 2021, as amended on December
7, 2022, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. Pursuant to the Trust Amendment, the Company has the right to extend the
time to complete a business combination twelve (12) times for an additional one (1) month each time from December 16, 2023 to December
16, 2024 by depositing into the trust account 50,000 for each one-month extension. 

On
December 14, 2022, we issued an unsecured promissory note, in an amount of 360,000 (the Extension Note No.1 to Kairous
Asia Limited, the Company s initial public offering sponsor Sponsor in exchange for Sponsor depositing such amount
into the Company s trust account in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination until
March 16, 2023. On March 10, 2023, we issued an unsecured promissory note, in an amount of 360,000 to the Sponsor (the Extension
Note No.2 , together with Extension Note No.1, the Extension Notes in exchange for Sponsor depositing such amount
into the Company s trust account in order to further extend the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination
until June 16, 2023. The March Note may be converted, at the lender s discretion, into additional ordinary shares. The Extension
Notes were amended on May 10, 2023 to provide that the each of the Extension Notes will be converted upon completion of a Business Combination
into the Company s ordinary shares at a price of 10.10 per share. In the event that a Business Combination does not close by June
16, 2023, as such deadline may be further extended, the Extension Notes shall be deemed to be terminated and no amounts will thereafter
be due thereon. 

On
June 9, 2023, June 30, 2023, August 10, 2023 and September 11, 2023, the Company entered into four unsecured promissory note arrangements
with the Sponsor, each in an amount of 120,000, in exchange for Sponsor depositing such amount into the Company s trust account
in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination until July 16, 2023, August 16, 2023, September
16, 2023 and October 16, 2023, respectively. The Sponsor deposited such amount into the Company s trust account on June 9, 2023,
June 30, 2023, August 10, 2023 and September 11, 2023, respectively. 

On
December 15, 2023, January 10, 2024, February 12, 2024, March 15, 2024, April 12, 2024, May 15, 2024, June 13, 2024, July 15, 2024, August
16, 2024 and September 13, 2024, Kairous issued various Extension Notes to the Sponsor, in the amount of 50,000 each, which amounts
were deposited into the Trust Account to extend the available time to complete a business combination to October 16, 2024. 

Business
Combination Agreement 

On
December 9, 2022, we entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger with, among others, Wellous Group Limited, a Cayman Islands
exempted company Wellous ), which provides for a business combination between us and Wellous. Wellous is a fast-growing
Asia-based international nutrition company that develops, manufactures, markets and sells health and wellness products. Subsequently
on June 22, 2023, we and Wellous entered into a termination agreement which provides for the mutual termination of the Agreement and
Plan of Merger. 

17 

On
September 30, 2023, we entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Original Merger Agreement with KAC
Merger Sub 1, a Cayman Islands exempted company and our wholly owned subsidiary Purchaser ), KAC Merger Sub 2, a
Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser Merger Sub ), NR Instant Produce Public
Company Limited, company formed under the laws of Thailand, and Bamboo Mart Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the
 Bamboo Mart ). 

On
March 29, 2024, the Parties entered into an amendment no. 1 (the Amendment to the Merger Agreement in accordance with
the terms of the Merger Agreement. Under the Amendment, (i) the original provision of fairness opinion issuance date under section 4.2(a)
was amended to no later than May 31, 2024; (ii) under section 4.2(b), the delivery date of the Parent Parties written due diligence
request list to the Company was amended to no later than May 1, 2024 and the Company delivery date of the due diligence items based on
the written due diligence request list was amended to no later than May 15, 2024; and (iii) the definition of Outside Date 
under section 12(d)(i) was amended to November 15, 2024. 

On
July 18, 2024, the parties agreed to amend the merger consideration to 188,000,000 with two portions of earn out payments. 

On
September 25, 2024, the Company entered into an amended and restated agreement and plan of merger (as it may be amended, supplemented,
or otherwise modified from time to time, the A R Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, Purchaser, Merger Sub,
the Principal Shareholders, and Bamboo Mart, pursuant to which (a) the Company will be merged with and into Purchaser (the Reincorporation
Merger ), with Purchaser surviving the Reincorporation Merger, and (b) Merger Sub will be merged with and into Bamboo Mart (the
 Acquisition Merger ), with Bamboo Mart surviving the Acquisition Merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser
(collectively, the Proposed Business Combination ). Following the Proposed Business Combination, Purchaser will be a publicly
traded company. The closing of the Proposed Business Combination shall occur no later than March 31, 2025. 

In
addition to the merger consideration to 188,000,000 to be received in connection with the Acquisition Merger, the Bamboo Shareholders
have the right to receive Earnout Consideration (as defined in the A R Merger Agreement) of up to 8,554,455 shares
of the Purchaser Ordinary Shares as follows: 

Number
 of Purchaser Ordinary Shares to be Received 
 
 Condition
 to be Satisfied 
 
 Up
 to 2,930,693 Purchaser Ordinary Shares 
 
 (i)
 if the volume-weighted average price VWAP is equal to or greater than 12.50 per share for any 20 out of 30
 consecutive trading days within three years after the Closing Date, Purchaser shall issue to the Bamboo Shareholders 1,099,010 Purchaser
 Ordinary Shares; 
 
 (ii)
 if the VWAP is equal to or greater than 15.00 per share for any 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days within three years after the
 Closing Date, in addition to the issuance of the Earnout Shares set forth in subparagraph (i) above, Purchaser shall issue to the
 Bamboo Shareholders 1,099,010 Purchaser Ordinary Shares; and 
 
 (iii)
 if the VWAP is equal to or greater than 17.50 per share for any 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days within three years after the
 Closing Date, in addition to the issuance of the Earnout Shares set forth in subparagraphs (i) and (ii) above, Purchaser shall issue
 to the Bamboo Shareholders 732,673 Purchaser Ordinary Shares. 

Up
 to 5,623,762 Purchaser Ordinary Shares 
 
 (i)
 if the revenue of the Bamboo Group for the fiscal year commencing from January 1, 2025 and ending on December 31, 2025 equals or
 exceeds 122,800,000, Purchaser shall issue to the Bamboo Shareholders 2,811,881 Purchaser Ordinary Shares; and 
 
 (ii)
 if the revenue of the Bamboo Group for the fiscal year commencing from January 1, 2026 and ending on December 31, 2026 equals or
 exceeds 170,200,000, in addition to the issuance of the Tranche 2 Earnout Shares set forth in subparagraph (i) above, Purchaser
 shall issue to the Bamboo Shareholders 2,811,881 Purchaser Ordinary Shares. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities for the period from March 24,
2021 (inception) through June 30, 2023 have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering
and, after the Initial Public Offering, identifying a target company for a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating
revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest
income on cash and cash equivalents held after the Initial Public Offering. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for
legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2024, we had net income of 107,203, which resulted from interest income on the operating account and the investments
held in a trust account (the Trust Account in the amount of 1,021,573, offset by operating costs of 914,370. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, we had net income of 451,465, which resulted from interest income on the operating account and the investments
held in a trust account (the Trust Account in the amount of 1,380,151, offset by operating costs of 928,686. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On
December 16, 2021, we consummated an Initial Public Offering of 7,800,000 Units (the Units generating gross proceeds to
the Company of 78,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private sale
(the Private Placement of an aggregate of 357,143 Units (the Private Placement Units to Kairous Asia Limited
(the Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Units, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the
amount of 3,571,430. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was 729,744, which was due to net income of 107,203 and interest
income on investments held in the Trust Account of 1,021,571, partially offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities of 184,624. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, net cash used in operating activities was 778,606, which was due to net income of 451,465 and interest
income on investments held in the Trust Account of 1,380,128, partially offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities of 150,057. 

As
of June 30, 2024, we had cash of 985 held outside the Trust Account. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily
to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices,
plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material
agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

As
of June 30, 2024, the Company had insufficient liquidity to meet its future obligations. As of June 30, 2024, the Company had working
capital deficit of 3,135,837 and cash of 985. Though the Company made net income for the year ended June 30, 2024, the income was primarily
contributed by income earned on investments held in Trust Account. The Company has a history of losses, an accumulated deficit and has
not generated cash from operations to support its ongoing business plan. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant
costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans and will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial business
combination. In addition, the Company expects to have negative cash flows from operations as it pursues an initial business combination
target. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standard Update ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , management
has determined that its history of losses and insufficient liquidity raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going
concern. In addition to if the Company does not close the Business Combination by up to December 16, 2024 (36 months after the consummation
of the IPO, if the time period is further extended, as described herein), the Company is required to cease all operations, redeem the
public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. 

18 

The
Company intends to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on
the Trust Account, excluding the deferred underwriting commissions, to complete an initial business combination. To the extent that capital
stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete an initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held
in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions
and pursue growth strategies. If an initial business combination agreement requires the Company to use a portion of the cash in the Trust
Account to pay the purchase price or requires the Company to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the Company will need to reserve
a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements or arrange for third-party financing. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of June 30, 2024. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the founder shares, Private Placement Units, shares being issued to the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering, and ordinary
shares that may be issued on conversion of Extension Loan and working capital loans (and in each case holders of their component securities,
as applicable) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective
date of Initial Public Offering requiring the Company to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities will be
entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition,
the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to completion
of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities
Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not be required to effect or permit any registration or
cause any registration statement to become effective until the securities covered thereby are released from their lock-up restrictions.
The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting
Agreement 

The
Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to 1,125,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the
Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions, which the underwriter partially exercised in full, and
the additional Units were issued on December 16, 2021. 

The
underwriter was paid a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 1,559,900 in the aggregate. In addition, the underwriter is
entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 2,730,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter
from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a business combination, subject to the terms
of the underwriting agreement. 

On
December 8, 2022, the Company and the underwriters in the IPO, entered into an amendment of the underwriting agreement (the UWA
Amendment ). The UWA Amendment provides that the 2,730,000 deferred underwriting fee from the IPO (the Deferred Underwriting
Fee shall be paid as follows: (a) to the extent that the balance in the Company s trust account (the Trust Account as of the Closing Date exceeds 2,000,000, such excess shall be applied to the payment of the Deferred Underwriting Fee in cash up to
 2,730,000, and (b) any amounts not so paid pursuant to the preceding clause (a) shall be converted into Purchaser ordinary shares at
a conversion rate of 10.00 per share. 

19 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during
the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting
policies: 

Ordinary
Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

All
of the 7,800,000 ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for
the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer
in connection with a business combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in
ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be
classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all ordinary shares have been classified outside of permanent equity. 

The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares
to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary
shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Net
Income Per Ordinary Share 

The
Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net income per
ordinary share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the period. The Company
applies the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. The remeasurement adjustment associated with the redeemable ordinary
shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

The
calculation of diluted income per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i) Initial
Public Offering and (ii) the Private Placement. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other
contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a
result, diluted income per share is the same as basic income per share for the period presented. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant
judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed
at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to
one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. As of June 30,
2024 and 2023, we did not have any critical accounting estimates to be disclosed. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

On
December 14, 2023, the FASB issued a final standard on improvements to income tax disclosures. The standard requires disaggregated information
about a reporting entity s effective tax rate reconciliation as well as information on income taxes paid. The standard is intended
to benefit investors by providing more detailed income tax disclosures that would be useful in making capital allocation decisions. ASU
2023-09, Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, applies to all entities subject to income taxes. For public business entities (PBEs),
the new requirements will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. For entities other than public business
entities (non-PBEs), the requirements will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2025. The guidance will be applied
on a prospective basis with the option to apply the standard retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing
the impact, if any, that ASU 2023-09 would have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Management does not
believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on our financial statements. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of June 30, 2024. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

For
the year ended June 30, 2024, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our IPO, the net
proceeds of our IPO, including amounts in deposited in the trust account, was invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds
with a maturity of 180 days or less, or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature
of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk when and if the net proceeds are
invested in such securities. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our
consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

20 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and
chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June
30, 2023, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of
June 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15- d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance
with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
 assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors,
 and 

(3) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In making these assessments,
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that internal controls over financial
reporting as of June 30, 2024 were effective. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting
firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

21 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of September [ ], 2024. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Athiwat
 Apichote 
 
 52 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Usanee
 Lekvanichkul 
 
 61 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Duke
 Fu 
 
 44 
 
 Independent
 Director and Chairman of Board 
 
 Dhas
 Udomdhammabhakdi 
 
 65 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 Chandresh
 Patel 
 
 65 
 
 Independent
 Director 

The
experience of our 14F directors and new executive officers is as follows: 

Mr.
Athiwat Apichote is our Chief Executive Officer and a Director. Mr. Apichote has extensive sales and marketing experience. He has
worked with key account customers and has coached sales teams. He has extensive experience in sales and marketing as well as in expanding
market share. Since February 2021, Mr. Apichote has worked as a business consultant and a director at Thai Palitpol Rungroeng Co.,Ltd,
providing sales and marketing advice. From June 2017 to January 2021, he worked as the Chief Marketing Officer and a director at P.C.S.
Machine Group Holding, a public company in Thailand. From September 2015 to May 2017, he worked as a business line manager and a director
at Atlas Copco (Thailand Ltd. Mr. Apichote received a Bachelor of Science in Packaging Technologies from Kasetsart University in 1993.
He received his MBA degree majored in marketing from Assumption University in 2003. 

Ms.
Usanee Lekvanichkul is our Chief Financial Officer and a Director. She has 23 years of experience in financial advisory with Deloitte
in Thailand and extensive experience in the end-to-end M A life cycle, covering several areas such as acquisition target screening,
due diligence, valuation, closing account review, purchase price allocation, pricing negotiations, and sale purchase agreement
review. Her extensive experience covers several industries such as manufacturing, food processing, automobile spare parts, consumer
products, advertising, banking, and leasing. With a focus on corporate financial services (as both a buy-side and sell-side advisor),
during the last five years, she recently completed deals such as selling an auto parts company at the price of 2 billion Thai Bhat (THB)
and helping a foreign investor to acquire a target company in Thailand with a deal size of almost THB 1 billion. She also has experience
in corporate restructuring as a planner and plan administrator, managing debt of more than THB 3 billion for a listed company on the
Stock Exchange of Thailand. As a plan administrator, she was responsible for negotiating with 23 financial institutions (both local and
foreign commercial banks) in Thailand and in foreign countries, negotiating for debt reduction, converting debt to equity, among other
projects. With experience in several industries and with multiple stakeholders, her professional experience with both domestic and international
firms make her an excellent candidate who is able to contribute constructive ideas and opinions to the Board. From 1999 to May 2023,
Ms. Lekvanichkul has served as Associate Director, Director, and then a Partner at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Jaiyos Advisory Co., Ltd.
She received a bachelor s degree in business administration from Assumption Business Administration College in 1984. She received
a master of science in Accounting from Thammasat University in 1990. 

Mr.Duke
Fu is our Independent Director and Chairman of our board. Mr. Fu has extensive experience in private and public markets as owner,
operator and investor with transaction experience of over 10 billion in the aggregate. Since April 2015, he has served as the CEO at
Green Therapeutics LLC, for which he oversees business and strategy. From November 2020 to August 2022, he served as the CEO and COO
of Australis Capital Inc., a public company in Canada. He received a Doctor of Pharmacy and an MBA degree from University of New Mexico
in 2002. 

Mr.
Dhas Udomdhammabhakdi is our Independent Director. He has education background as well as training in various sectors of
financial, accounting, audit and related areas. He also has extensive experience working as an independent director as well as Audit
Committee for various public listed companies in Thailand. Since 2018, he has, as independent director, of the board at NR Instant
Produce PCL. Since 2020, he has served as Chairman of the board at True Energy Co. Ltd. Since 1994, he has worked as a director at
Tannon Co. Ltd. Since August 2014, he has served as independent director at Grand Prix International PCL, a public company in
Thailand. Mr. Udomdhammabhakdi received his bachelor s degree in accounting from Thammasat University in 1981, his diploma in
auditing from Chulalongkorn University in 1983, his MBA (International Management) degree from University of Dallas in 1987, and his
Doctor of Philosophy in social science from Magadh University in 2003. Mr. Udomdhammabhakdi received CPA License in Thailand in 1984
and ASEAN CPA License in 2017. He received his Diploma in Director Certification from Thai Institute of Directors in 2018 and has
been a fellow member of Thai Institute of Directors since 2018. 

Mr.
Chandresh Patel, is our Independent Director. Since 1997, he has served as a managing director of his family business, which is one
of the UK s leading food importers, distributors brand builder of authentic food and drink brands from around the world.
His business represents 85 brands across 9 categories with extensive portfolio of products. He has expertise in retail grocery business
with many SKUs. He received a degree in commerce from Gujarat University in 1977. 

Our
directors and officers will play a key role in identifying, evaluating, and selecting target businesses, and structuring, negotiating
and consummating our initial acquisition transaction. Except as described below and under Conflicts of Interest, 
none of these individuals is currently a principal of or affiliated with a public company or blank check company that executed a business
plan similar to our business plan. We believe that the skills and experience of these individuals, their collective access to acquisition
opportunities and ideas, their contacts, and their transaction expertise should enable them to identify successfully and effect an acquisition
transaction, although we cannot assure you that they will, in fact, be able to do so. 

22 

Board
Committees 

The
Board has a standing audit, corporate governance and nominating and compensation committee. The independent directors oversee
director nominations. Each audit committee and compensation committee has a charter. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee, which is established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, engages Company s independent
accountants, reviewing their independence and performance; reviews the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes and
the integrity of its financial statements; the audits of the Company s financial statements and the appointment, compensation,
qualifications, independence and performance of the Company s independent auditors; the Company s compliance with legal and
regulatory requirements; and the performance of the Company s internal audit function and internal control over financial reporting.
The Audit Committee held two meetings during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

The
members of the Audit Committee are Duke Fu, Dhas Udomdhammabhakdi and Chandresh Patel, each of whom is an independent director under
NASDAQ s listing standards. Dhas Udomdhammabhakdi is the Chairperson of the audit committee. The Board has determined that Dhas
Udomdhammabhakdi qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee 

We
have established a corporate governance and nominating committee of the board of directors, which consists of Duke Fu, Dhas
Udomdhammabhakdi and Chandresh Patel, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Duke Fu is the
Chairperson of the corporate governance and nominating committee. The corporate governance and nominating committee is responsible
for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The corporate governance and nominating
committee will consider persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. The Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee held one meeting during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of the board of directors, which consists of Duke Fu, Dhas Udomdhammabhakdi and Chandresh Patel,
each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Chandresh Patel is the Chairperson of the compensation
committee. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not
limited to: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
(if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers
and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors . 

Our
CEO and director, Athiwat Apichote, and our CFO and director, Usanee Lekvanichkul has each received 100,000 Baht (approximately 2,800)
each month since November 2023. No other compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid
to any of our existing shareholders, including our directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they
render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of
an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation
arrangements entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The Compensation Committee held one meeting during the
fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

23 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Potential
investors should be aware of the following potential conflicts of interest: 

None
 of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest
 in allocating their time among various business activities. 

In
 the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities
 which may be appropriate for presentation to our company as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management
 has pre-existing fiduciary duties and contractual obligations and may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a
 particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our
 officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with entities, including other blank check companies, engaged in business
 activities similar to those intended to be conducted by our company. 

The
 insider shares owned by our officers and directors will be released from escrow only if a business combination is successfully completed
 and subject to certain other limitations. Additionally, our officers and directors will not receive distributions from the trust
 account with respect to any of their insider shares if we do not complete a business combination. Furthermore, our initial shareholders
 have agreed that the private units will not be sold or transferred by them until after we have completed our initial business combination.
 In addition, our officers and directors may loan funds to us after the IPO and Private Placement and may be owed reimbursement for
 expenses incurred in connection with certain activities on our behalf which would only be repaid if we complete an initial business
 combination. For the foregoing reasons, the personal and financial interests of our directors and executive officers may influence
 their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, completing a business combination in a timely manner and securing
 the release of their shares. 

Under
Cayman Islands law, directors owe the following fiduciary duties: 

(i) 
 duty
 to act in good faith in what the director believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

(ii) 
 duty
 to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

(iii) 
 directors
 should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

(iv) 
 duty
 not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests;
 and 

(v) 
 duty
 to exercise independent judgment. 

In
addition to the above, directors also owe a duty to act with skill, care and diligence. This duty has been defined as a requirement to
act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person
carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience
which that director has. 

As
set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing,
or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be
forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by
way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval
at general meetings. 

Accordingly,
as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business
opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise when our board evaluates
a particular business opportunity with respect to the above-listed criteria. We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts
will be resolved in our favor. Furthermore, most of our officers and directors have pre-existing fiduciary obligations to other businesses
of which they are officers or directors. To the extent they identify business opportunities which may be suitable for the entities to
which they owe pre-existing fiduciary obligations, our officers and directors will honor those fiduciary obligations. Accordingly, it
is possible they may not present opportunities to us that otherwise may be attractive to us unless the entities to which they owe pre-existing
fiduciary obligations and any successors to such entities have declined to accept such opportunities. 

24 

In
order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple corporate affiliations, each of our officers and directors
has contractually agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, until the earliest of a business combination, our liquidation or such
time as he ceases to be an officer or director, to present to our company for our consideration, prior to presentation to any other entity,
any suitable business opportunity which may reasonably be required to be presented to us, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual
obligations he might have. 

In
connection with the vote required for any business combination, all of our existing shareholders, including all of our officers and directors,
have agreed to vote their respective insider shares and private shares in favor of any proposed business combination. In addition, they
have agreed to waive their respective rights to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to those ordinary shares acquired
by them prior to the IPO and Private Placement. If they purchase ordinary shares in the IPO or in the open market, however, they would
be entitled to participate in any liquidation distribution in respect of such shares but have agreed not to convert such shares (or sell
their shares in any tender offer) in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination or an amendment to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to pre-business combination activity. 

All
ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed
by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval
by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not
have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We
will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors
determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such
a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated
with any of our officers, directors or initial shareholders, unless we have obtained (i) an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view and (ii) the approval of a
majority of our disinterested and independent directors (if we have any at that time). Furthermore, in no event will any of our initial
shareholders, officers, directors, special advisors or their respective affiliates be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or
other similar compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business
combination. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
adopted a code of conduct and ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities
laws. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons
who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our ordinary shares and other equity securities. These executive
officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based
solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing
requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Employment
Agreements 

We
have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers, and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon
termination of employment. 

Executive
Officers and Director Compensation 

Our
CEO and director, Athiwat Apichote, and our CFO and director, Usanee Lekvanichkul has each received 100,000 Baht (approximately 2,800)
each month since November 2023. No compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any
of our existing shareholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render
in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses and there will be no review of the
reasonableness of the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and audit committee, which includes persons who may seek reimbursement,
or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged. 

25 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) each person who
is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, (ii) each of our officers and
directors, and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group as of June 30, 2024. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary
shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants or conversion of rights, as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of June 30, 2024 and the rights
are not convertible within 60 days of June 30, 2024. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount
 and Nature of Beneficial Ownership of Ordinary Shares 
 Approximate 
 Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares 
 
 Kairous Asia Limited
 (i.e. the Sponsor) (2) 
 2,143,143 
 58.18 
 
 Athiwat Apichote 
 - 
 - 
 
 Usanee Lekvanichkul 
 - 
 - 
 
 Duke Fu 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dhas Udomdhammabhakdi 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chandresh Patel 
 - 
 - 
 
 All directors and executive
 officers as a group (5 individuals) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Feis Equities LLC (3) 
 456,970 
 12.40 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners
 Inc. (4) 
 300,000 
 8.14 
 
 Mizuho Financial Group, Inc.
 (5) 
 264,746 
 7.19 

Less
 than 1 . 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o Kairous Acquisition Corp. Limited, Level 39 Marina Bay
 Financial Centre Tower 2, 10 Marina Boulevard, City Singapore 018983, Singapore. 

(2)
 
 Represents
 shares held by Kairous Asia Limited, the Sponsor. The Sponsor is owned as to 51 by Kairous Ventures Limited, which in turn is owned
 as to 66.5 by Joseph Lee Moh Hon and 33.5 by Kean Yaw See Toh; and as to 49 by Regeneration Capital (Cayman) Limited. By virtue
 of Mr. Joseph Lee Moh Hon s control over Kairous Ventures Limited and hence the Sponsor, he is deemed to have shared voting
 and investment power over the ordinary shares held by the Sponsor. Mr. Joseph Lee Moh Hon disclaims his beneficial ownership of the
 shares held of record by the Sponsor other than his pecuniary interest therein. 

(3) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person, beneficial ownership of these securities may be attributed to Feis Equities LLC
 and Lawrence M. Feis. The business address of each of the reporting entity or individual is 20 North Wacker Drive, Suite 2115, Chicago,
 Illinois 60606. 

(4) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person, beneficial ownership of these securities may be attributed to Polar Asset Management
 Partners Inc., an investment fund manager, portfolio manager, exempt market dealer and commodity trading manager registered with
 the Ontario Securities Commission, which serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund, a Cayman Islands exempted
 company. The address for the reporting person is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 

(5) 
 Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person, beneficial ownership of these securities may be attributed to Mizuho Financial Group,
 Inc.. Mizuho Financial Group, Inc., Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and Mizuho Americas LLC may be deemed to be indirect beneficial owners of said
 equity securities directly held by Mizuho Securities USA LLC which is their wholly-owned subsidiary. The address for the reporting
 person is 1 5 5, Otemachi, Chiyoda ku, Tokyo 100 8176, Japan. 

(6) 
 Based
on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address for the reporting person is 230 NW 24th Street, Suite 603, Miami, FL 33127.
Shaolin Capital Management LLC, a company incorporated under the laws of State of Delaware, which serves as the investment advisor to
Shaolin Capital Partners Master Fund, Ltd. a Cayman Islands exempted company, MAP 214 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of
LMA SPC, DS Liquid DIV RVA SCM LLC and Shaolin Capital Partners SP, a segregated portfolio of PC MAP SPC being managed accounts advised
by the Shaolin Capital Management LLC. 

All
of the insider shares issued and outstanding prior to the IPO were placed in escrow with Continental, as escrow agent, until the earlier
of (1) six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination; or (2) after the date of the consummation of
our initial business combination, and subsequently, we consummate a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property; or (3) after
150 calendar days after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, and subsequently, the closing price of our
ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period. If after the consummation of our initial business combination,
whereby all the outstanding shares are exchanged or redeemed for cash or another issuer s shares, then the insider shares shall
be permitted to come out of escrow to participate. 

During
the escrow period, the holders of these shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except (i) for transfers to our
officers, directors or their respective affiliates (including for transfers to an entity s members upon its liquidation), (ii)
to relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (iii) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (iv) pursuant
to a qualified domestic relations order, (v) by certain pledges to secure obligations incurred in connection with purchases of our securities,
(vi) by private sales made at or prior to the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the
shares were originally purchased or (vii) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business
combination, in each case (except for clause (vii)) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement, but will retain
all other rights as our shareholders, including, without limitation, the right to vote their ordinary shares and the right to receive
cash dividends, if declared. If dividends are declared and payable in ordinary shares, such dividends will also be placed in escrow.
If we are unable to effect a business combination and liquidate the trust account, none of our initial shareholders will receive any
portion of the liquidation proceeds with respect to their insider shares. 

26 

In
order to meet our working capital needs, our initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated
to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would
be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest,
or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,000,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into
private units at a price of 10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire 160,000 ordinary
shares (which includes 10,000 shares issuable upon conversion of rights) and warrants to purchase 50,000 ordinary shares if 500,000
of notes were so converted). Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the units and underlying securities upon conversion of such
notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert them at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. If we
do not complete a business combination, the loans will not be repaid. 

Our
Sponsor and our executive officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters, as that term is defined under the Federal
securities laws. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Founder
Shares 

In
April, May and October 2021, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 2,156,250 insider shares, for an aggregate offering price of 25,000
at an average purchase price of approximately 0.012 per share. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an aggregate of 348,143 Units at a purchase price of 10.00
per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of 3,481,430. On December 16, 2021, the Sponsor purchased
9,000 additional units, gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of 90,000. In February 2022, our Sponsor has canceled 206,250 insider
shares without any consideration. 

Working
Capital Note 

On
April 23, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Working Capital Note ), pursuant to
which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 200,000. On May 12, 2021, the amount of the Working Capital Note
was increased to 1,000,000. On December 10, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to provide an extension to the maturity date of the Working Capital
Note. The Working Capital Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) July 30, 2023 or (ii) the consummation of the
Initial Business Combination. The Working Capital Note was amended on May 10, 2023 to provide that the Working Capital Note shall
be payable on the earlier of: (i) July 30, 2023 or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates the initial business combination, by
conversion of the Working Capital Note into ordinary shares of the Company concurrently with the closing of a business combination at
a price of 10.10 per share. The Working Capital Note was further amended on September 18, 2023 to provide that the Working Capital
Note shall be payable on the earlier of: (i) December 16, 2023 or (ii) the date on which the Company
consummates the initial business combination, by conversion of the Working Capital Note into ordinary shares of the Company concurrently
with the closing of a business combination at a price of 10.10 per share. On October 25, 2023, the Company and the Sponsor entered into
another amendment to the Working Capital Note to increase the principal amount of the Working Capital Note from 1,000,000 to 2,000,000.
On February 27, 2024 , t he Working Capital Note was amended to provide
that the Working Capital Note shall be payable on the earlier of: (i) December 16, 2024 or (ii)
the date on which the Company consummates the initial business combination, by conversion of the Working Capital Note into ordinary shares
of the Company concurrently with the closing of a business combination at a price of 10.10 per share. 

As
of June 30, 2024 and 2023, there was 1,111,370 and 420,000 outstanding under the Working Capital Note, respectively. 

Extension
Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with extending time to complete a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate
of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may
be required Extension Loans ). Such Extension Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes will be converted
upon completion of a Business Combination into ordinary shares at a price of 10.10 per share. On December 14, 2022 and March 10, 2023,
the Company issued two non-interest bearing unsecured promissory notes, each in an amount of 360,000, to the Sponsor in exchange for
Sponsor depositing such amount into the Company s trust account in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete
a business combination until June 16, 2023. 

The
Extension Loans was amended on May 10, 2023 to provide that the Extension Loans will be converted upon completion of a Business Combination
into ordinary shares at a price of 10.10 per share. 

From
June 9, 2023 through November 10, 2023, the Company entered into six unsecured promissory note arrangements with the Sponsor, each in
an amount of 120,000, in exchange for Sponsor depositing such amount into the Company s trust account in order to extend the amount
of time it has available to complete a business combination until December 16, 2023. The Sponsor deposited such amount into the Company s
trust account. 

On
December 14, 2023, the shareholders approved the amendment to the investment management trust agreement,
pursuant to which the Company has the right to extend the time to complete a business combination twelve (12) times for an additional
one (1) month each time from December 16, 2023 to December 16, 2024 by depositing into the trust account 50,000 for each one-month extension.
From December 15, 2023 through September 13, 2024, the Company issued ten unsecured promissory notes, each in an amount of 50,000, to
the Sponsor in exchange for Sponsor depositing such amount into the Company s trust account in order to extend the amount of time
it has available to complete a business combination until October 16, 2024. In the event that a Business Combination does not close by
October 16, 2024, or up to December 16, 2024, and no amounts will thereafter be due thereon. 

As
of June 30, 2024 and 2023, there were 1,790,000 and 840,000 outstanding under the Extension Loans. 

27 

The
holders of our insider shares issued and outstanding prior to the date of the IPO, as well as the holders of the private units (and all
underlying securities) and any securities our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment
of working capital loans made to us, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to offering registration rights agreement. The
holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the
majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date
on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the private units or securities issued in
payment of working capital loans made to us can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business
combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any
such registration statements. 

We
will reimburse our officers and directors for any reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by them in connection with certain
activities on our behalf such as identifying and investigating possible target businesses and business combinations. There is no limit
on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available
proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the interest income earned on the amounts held in the trust account, such expenses would
not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements
and payments made to any initial shareholder or member of our management team, or our or their respective affiliates, and any reimbursements
and payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors, with any interested director
abstaining from such review and approval. 

General
and Administrative Services 

Commencing
on the date the Units are first listed on the Nasdaq, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of 5,000 per month for office
space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support during the Combination Period. Upon the earlier of the completion of the
Initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. Effective on January
1, 2024, the Company and the Sponsor agreed to terminate the management services. 

During
the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded 30,000 and 60,000 in management fees, respectively. During the year ended
June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid management fees of 30,000 and 60,000, respectively, to the Sponsor. As of June 30, 2024 and
2023, the Company had management fees payable of 2,833 and 2,833, respectively, due to the Sponsor. 

In
addition, the fees due to the Sponsor under the administrative support agreement, from time to time, the Company will pay the Sponsor
for miscellaneous operating expenses. During the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company was charged of nil and 14,787, respectively,
by the Sponsor for operating expenses. The Company paid such expenses of nil and 14,777 during the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. The Company had outstanding operating fees payable of 10 and 10, respectively, due to the Sponsor as of June 30, 2024
and 2023. 

On
January 1, 2024, the Company has agreed to pay NR Instant Produce PCL NRIP (a parent company of the Sponsor Shareholder)
a total of 5,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support during the Combination Period. 

During
the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded 30,000 and nil in management fees, respectively. During the year ended
June 30, 2024, the Company did not pay management fees to NRIP (a parent company of the Sponsor Shareholder). As of June 30, 2024 and
2023, the Company had management fees payable of 30,000 and nil, respectively, due to the NRIP (a parent company of the Sponsor Shareholder). 

All
ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed
by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions, including the payment of any
compensation, will require prior approval by a majority of our uninterested independent directors (to the extent we have
any) or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our
attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our disinterested independent 
directors (or, if there are no independent directors, our disinterested directors) determine that the terms of such transaction
are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

28 

Related
Party Policy 

Our
Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts
of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined
as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or
any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater
than 5 beneficial owner of our ordinary shares, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has
or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial
owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult
to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family,
receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 

We
also require each of our directors and executive officers to annually complete a directors and officers questionnaire that
elicits information about related party transactions. 

Our
audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent
we enter into such transactions. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective
affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions
will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members
of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent
legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent 
directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect
to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete
a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To
further minimize potential conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate a business combination with an entity which is affiliated
with any of our initial shareholders unless we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination
is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will any of our existing officers,
directors or initial shareholders, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other
compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that within one year of the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market we have at least three independent
directors and that a majority of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see above Part
III, Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum Asia CPAs LLP (formerly Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk LLP) MarcumAsia ),
for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and
services that are normally provided by the chosen registered public accounting firm in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate
fees billed by Marcum Asia for professional services rendered for the audit of annual financial statements, review
of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 totaled
 113,300 and 141,203, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We
did not engage Marcum Asia for consulting services concerning financial accounting and reporting standards during the year ended June 30, 2024
and June 30, 2023 and did no incur audit-related expenses for the relevant periods. 

Tax
Fees . We did not engage Marcum Asia for tax services during the year ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 and did no incur
tax expenses for the relevant periods. 

All
Other Fees . We did not engage Marcum Asia for all other services during the year ended June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 and did
no incur other service expenses for the relevant periods. 

Pre-Approval
of Services 

Our
audit committee was formed prior to the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing
services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since
the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services
and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis
exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of
the audit). 

29 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 Financial
 Statements: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements: See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein and Index to Financial Statements 
 and financial statements incorporated by reference therein commencing below. 

(2) 
 All
 supplemental schedules have been omitted since the information is either included in the financial statements or the notes thereto
 or they are not required or are not applicable 

(3) 
 See
 attached Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated December 13, 2021, by and between the Company and Maxim Group LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 16, 2021) 

2.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 25, 2024 by and among KACL, KAC Merger Sub 1, KAC Merger Sub 2, Bamboo Mart Limited, and NR Instant Produce Public Company Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 1, 2024) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 16, 2021) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 19, 2021) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 19, 2021) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 19, 2021) 

4.4 
 
 Specimen Right Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 19, 2021) 

4.5 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated December 13, 2021, by and between Continental and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 16, 2021) 

4.6 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated December 13, 2021, by and between Continental and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 16, 2021) 

4.7 
 
 Form of Unit Purchase Option between the Registrant and Maxim Group LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 16, 2021) 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreements by and between the Registrant and each of the officers and directors of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 16, 2021) 

10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 13, 2021, by and between the Company and its Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 16, 2021) 

30 

10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Account Agreement, dated December 13, 2021, by and between Continental and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 16, 2021) 

10.4 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated December 13, 2021, among the Registrant, Continental, and the initial shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 16, 2021) 

10.5 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 13, 2021, among the Registrant and certain shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 16, 2021) 

10.6 
 
 Subscription Agreement between the Registrant and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 16, 2021) 

14 
 
 Form of Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 19, 2021) 

99.1 
 
 Form of Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 19, 2021) 

99.2 
 
 Form of Nominating Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 19, 2021) 

99.3 
 
 Form of Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 19, 2021) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

97.1 
 
 Clawback Policy 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None 

31 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Kairous
 Acquisition Corp. Limited 

Dated:
 October 8, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Athiwat Apichote 

Name:
 
 Athiwat
 Apichote 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Kairous
 Acquisition Corp. Limited 

Dated:
 October 8, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Usanee Lekvanichkul 

Name:
 
 Usanee
 Lekvanichkul 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

32 

KAIROUS
ACQUISITION CORP. LIMITED 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the Year Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Year Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F-6 

Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Kairous
Acquisition Corp. Limited 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Kairous Acquisition Corp. Limited (the Company as of
June 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for
each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period
ended June 30, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described
in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company is a Special Purpose Acquisition Corporation that was formed for the purpose of completing
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
or entities on or before October 16, 2024 or by resolution of directors, at the request of the Sponsor, accompanying by making additional
contributions to the Trust account to extend the business combination deadline by an additional two months through December 16, 2024.
The Company entered into an agreement and plan of merger with a business combination target on September 30, 2023; however, the completion
of this transaction is subject to the approval of the Company s shareholders among other conditions. There is no assurance that
the Company will obtain the necessary approvals, satisfy the required closing conditions, raise the additional capital it needs to fund
its operations, and complete the transaction prior to October 16, 2024, if at all. The Company also has no approved plan in place to
extend the business combination deadline and fund operations for any period of time after October 16, 2024 , in the event that
it is unable to complete a business combination by that date. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans with regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that may be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
 llp 

Marcum
Asia CPAs llp 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 

October
8, 2024 

Firm
ID# 

NEW
YORK OFFICE 7 Penn Plaza Suite 830 New York, New York 10001 

 Phone
646.442.4845 Fax 646.349.5200 www.Marcum Asia.com 

F- 2 

KAIROUS
ACQUISITION CORP. LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

June
 30, 2024 
 June
 30, 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 Current Assets 

Cash and investments held
 in the Trust Account 

Total
 Assets 

LIABILITIES, ORDINARY SHARES
 SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued
 expenses 

Extension loans 

Working
 capital note - sponsor 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriting
 commission 

Total Liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
 (Note 6) 

Ordinary shares subject
 to possible redemption, par value; shares and shares outstanding at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively
 (at redemption value) 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Ordinary shares, par value, 
 shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2024 and 2023 (excluding and shares subject
 to possible redemption at June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total
 Shareholders Deficit 

Total
 Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

KAIROUS
ACQUISITION CORP. LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Expenses 

Administration fee - related party 

General and administrative 

Total expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest income 

Income earned on cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Total other income 

Net income attributable to ordinary shares 

W eighted average shares outstanding, redeemable
ordinary shares Basic and diluted 

N et income per ordinary share, redeemable
ordinary shares Basic and diluted 

W eighted average shares outstanding, non-redeemable
ordinary shares Basic and diluted 

Net lo ss per ordinary share, non-redeemable
ordinary shares Basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

KAIROUS
ACQUISITION CORP. LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDER S DEFICIT 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, June 30, 2022 

Current period remeasurement adjustment of ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Balance 

Current period remeasurement adjustment of ordinary shares to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

KAIROUS
ACQUISITION CORP. LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Income earned on cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash deposited into Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Redemption of ordinary shares 

Proceeds from sponsor for extension loans 

Proceeds from sponsor for working capital note 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Current period remeasurement adjustment of ordinary shares to redemption value 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

KAIROUS
ACQUISITION CORP. LIMITED 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units Units and, with respect to the ordinary shares
included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in
Note 3. The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional
Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On December
16, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option by purchasing additional units, generating .
The underwriter has further indicated that they will not exercise the remaining over-allotment option, hence the remaining units
were forfeited. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private sale (the Private Placement of an
aggregate of Units (the Private Placement Units to Kairous Asia Limited (the Sponsor at a purchase
price of per Private Placement Units, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . On December 16, 2021,
the underwriters partially exercised the option at which time the Sponsor purchasing additional units, generating . 

As
of December 16, 2021, transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred
underwriting fees payable (which are held in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee (the
 Trust Account and of other offering costs related to the Initial Public Offering. Cash of was held outside
of the Trust Account on December 16, 2021 and was available for working capital purposes. As described in Note 6, the deferred
underwriting fees are contingent upon the consummation of the Business Combination within 36 months from the closing of the Initial Public
Offering. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on December 16, 2021, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of
the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement was placed in the Trust Account which may be invested
in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
 Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself
out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by
the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described
below. 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward
consummating a Business Combination. The stock exchange listing rules require that the Business Combination must be with one or more
operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below)
(excluding the amount of deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account). The Company
will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ).
There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. Upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, management has agreed that per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, including proceeds of the sale of the Private
Placement Units, will be held in a trust account (the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, within
the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment
company that holds itself out as a money market fund investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii)
the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below. 

The
Company will provide the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer in connection with the Business Combination. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to
redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public
Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded
at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

All
of the Public Shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s
liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Company s Business Combination and in connection
with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ).
In accordance with the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and its guidance on redeemable equity
instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of a company require ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the Public Shares will be issued with
other freestanding instruments (i.e., public warrants), the initial carrying value of the ordinary shares classified as temporary equity
will be the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20. The ordinary shares are subject to ASC 480-10-S99. If it is
probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption
value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable,
if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur
and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected
to recognize the changes immediately. The Public Shares are redeemable and will be classified as such on the balance sheet until such
date that a redemption event takes place. Redemptions of the Company s Public Shares may be subject to the satisfaction of conditions,
including minimum cash conditions, pursuant to an agreement relating to the Company s Business Combination. 

If
the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the
Company receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law approving a Business Combination, which requires the affirmative vote
of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company, or such other vote as required by law or stock
exchange rule. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other
legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents
containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination.
If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares
(as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination.
Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares, without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether
they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares
without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination and the Company does not conduct redemptions pursuant
to the tender offer rules, a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder
is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Public
Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

The
Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with
the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
(i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial
Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval
of any such amendment. 

If
the Company has not completed a Business Combination within months (or up to 36 months, if we extend the time to complete a business
combination) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (the Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
 of the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest earned and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish the rights
of the Public Shareholders as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining Public Shareholders and its
Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

On
December 14, 2022 and March 10, 2023, the Company issued two unsecured promissory notes, each in an amount of , to the Sponsor
in exchange for Sponsor depositing such amount into the Company s trust account in order to extend the amount of time it has available
to complete a business combination until June 16, 2023. From June 9, 2023 through November 10, 2023, the Company entered into six unsecured
promissory note arrangements with the Sponsor, each in an amount of , in exchange for Sponsor depositing such amount into the
Company s trust account in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination until December
16, 2023. The Sponsor deposited such amount into the Company s trust account. 

On
December 14, 2023, the shareholders approved the amendment to the investment management trust agreement,
pursuant to which the Company has the right to extend the time to complete a business combination twelve (12) times for an additional
one (1) month each time from December 16, 2023 to December 16, 2024 by depositing into the trust account for each one-month extension.
On December 15, 2023 through September 1 3, 2024, the Company issued ten unsecured
promissory notes, each in an amount of , to the Sponsor in exchange for Sponsor depositing such amount into the Company s
trust account in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination until October 16, 2024. In the
event that a Business Combination does not close by October 16, 2024, or up to December 16, 2024, and no amounts will thereafter be due
thereon. 

These
unsecured promissory notes were collectively known as Extension Loans. The Extension Loans was amended on May 10, 2023 to provide that
the Extension Loans will be converted upon completion of a Business Combination into ordinary shares at a price of per share. 

The
Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares it will
receive if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or any of its
respective affiliates acquire Public Shares, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights
to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period, and in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account
that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share
value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ). 

In
order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent
any claims by a third party (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce
the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (1) per Public Share and (2) the actual amount per Public Share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share, due to reductions
in the value of trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply to any
claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and as to any claims under the
Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable
against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will
seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavouring to
have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target
businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

On
September 30, 2023, the Company executed that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), by and between the Company, KAC Merger Sub 1, a Cayman Islands exempted company
and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Purchaser ), KAC Merger Sub 2, a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly
owned subsidiary of Purchaser Merger Sub ), NR Instant Produce Public Company Limited, company formed under the laws of
Thailand NRF or the Shareholder ), and Bamboo Mart Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company Bamboo ). 

On
March 29, 2024, the Parties entered into an amendment no. 1 (the Amendment to the Merger Agreement in accordance with
the terms of the Merger Agreement. Under the Amendment, (i) the original provision of fairness opinion issuance date under section 4.2(a)
was amended to no later than May 31, 2024; (ii) under section 4.2(b), the delivery date of the Parent Parties written due diligence
request list to the Company was amended to no later than May 1, 2024 and the Company delivery date of the due diligence items based on
the written due diligence request list was amended to no later than May 15, 2024; and (iii) the definition of Outside Date 
under section 12(d)(i) was amended to November 15, 2024. 

On
July 18, 2024, the parties agreed to amend the merger
consideration to with two portions of earn out payments. 

On
September 25, 2024, the Company entered into an amended and restated agreement and plan of merger (as it may be amended, supplemented,
or otherwise modified from time to time, the A R Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, Purchaser, Merger Sub,
the Principal Shareholders, and Bamboo Mart, pursuant to which (a) the Company will be merged with and into Purchaser (the Reincorporation
Merger ), with Purchaser surviving the Reincorporation Merger, and (b) Merger Sub will be merged with and into Bamboo Mart (the
 Acquisition Merger ), with Bamboo Mart surviving the Acquisition Merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser
(collectively, the Proposed Business Combination ). Following the Proposed Business Combination, Purchaser will be a publicly
traded company. The closing of the Proposed Business Combination shall occur no later than March 31, 2025. 

In
addition to the merger consideration to to be received in connection with the Acquisition Merger, the Bamboo Shareholders
have the right to receive Earnout Consideration (as defined in the A R Merger Agreement) of up to shares
of the Purchaser Ordinary Shares. See Note 6 Commitments and Contingencies Business Combination
Agreement. 

Going
Concern Considerations, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As
of June 30, 2024, the Company had insufficient liquidity to meet its future obligations. As of June 30, 2024, the Company had working
capital deficit of and cash of . The Company has an accumulated deficit and has not generated cash from operations to
support its ongoing business plan. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition
plans and will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial business combination. In addition, the Company
expects to have negative cash flows from operations as it pursues an initial business combination target. 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standard Update ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a
Going Concern , management has determined that its history of losses and insufficient liquidity raise substantial doubt
about the ability to continue as a going concern. In addition to if the Company does not close the Business Combination by October
16, 2024 or up to December 16, 2024 (36 months after the consummation of the IPO, if the time period is further extended, as
described herein), the Company is required to cease all operations, redeem the public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The
Company intends to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on
the Trust Account, excluding the deferred underwriting commissions, to complete an initial business combination. To the extent that capital
stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete an initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held
in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions
and pursue growth strategies. If an initial business combination agreement requires the Company to use a portion of the cash in the Trust
Account to pay the purchase price or requires the Company to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the Company will need to reserve
a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements or arrange for third-party financing. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could
have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, close of the Initial Public Offering and/or
search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. 

Additionally,
the military action commenced in February 2022 by the Russian Federation and Belarus in the country of Ukraine and related economic sanctions,
 and a series of terror attacks commenced in October 2023 by Hamas militants and members of other
terrorist organizations infiltrating Israel s southern border from the Gaza Strip and the ensuing war between the State of Israel
and Harakat al-Muqawama al-Islamiya (Islamic Resistance Movement) or Hamas, could trigger global geopolitical, trade,
political, or sanctions risks, as well as the risk of regional or international expansion of the conflict, including isolated conflicts
or terrorist attacks outside of the immediate conflict area, as a result of which the Company s ability to consummate a Business
Combination, or the operations of a target business with which the Company ultimately consummates a Business Combination, may be materially
and adversely affected. In addition, the Company s ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise
equity and debt financing which may be impacted by these events, including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market
liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and related
sanctions on the world economy and the specific impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations and/or ability
to consummate a Business Combination are not yet determinable. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of
a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating
its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ
significantly from those estimates. 

and as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

million in investments held in the Trust Account. The Company s portfolio
of investments held in the Trust Account are invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or
in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule
2a-7 of the Investment Company Act. 

On
November 29, 2023, the Company sold all of its investments held in the Trust Account. On December 14, 2023, shareholders redeemed 
ordinary shares for a total redemption amount of withdrawn from the Trust
Account. 

As
of June 30, 2024, the Company had cash of held in the Trust Account. 

consisted principally of costs incurred in connection
with preparation for the Initial Public Offering. These offering costs, together with the underwriter fees of 
 (or 
 paid in cash upon the closing of the Initial
Public Offering and a deferred fee of ),
were charged to stockholders equity upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

ordinary shares for a total redemption amount of withdrawn from the Trust
Account. During the year ended June 30, 2023, shareholders elected to redeem ordinary shares for a total redemption amount
of withdrawn from the Trust Account. 

Accordingly,
as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the and ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, respectively, in the amount
of and are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s
balance sheets, respectively. 

The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares
to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company
recognized a measurement adjustment from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable
ordinary shares resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Less: 

Transaction costs allocated to ordinary shares 

Proceeds allocated to Public Rights and Warrants 

Redemption of ordinary shares 

Plus: 

Remeasurement adjustment of carrying value to redemption value 

Current period measurement adjustment of ordinary shares to redemption value 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption June 30, 2023 

Plus: 

Redemption of ordinary shares 

Remeasurement adjustment of ordinary shares to redemption value 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption June 30, 2024 

Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account.
The Company has not experienced any losses on the Trust Account. 

The
Company does not have any recurring Level 2 or Level 3 assets or liabilities. The carrying value of the Company s financial instruments
including its cash and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values principally because of their short-term nature. 

As
of June 30, 2024, the Company s portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account is comprised of cash held in trust account.
As of June 30, 2023, the Company s portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account is comprised of money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities. The fair value for trading securities is determined using quoted market prices in active markets. The following table
presents information about the Company s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at June
30, 2024 and 2023 and indicates the fair value of held to maturity securities as follows. 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on our financial statements. 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit generating gross proceeds to
the Company in the amount of . Each Unit will consist of one ordinary share, one half of one redeemable warrant Public
Warrant and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of an ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination.
Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one ordinary share at a price of per share subject to adjustment
(see Note 7). Each ten rights entitle the holder thereof to receive one ordinary share at the closing of a business combination. The
Company will not issue fractional shares. As a result, shareholders must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for
all of the rights upon closing of a business combination. On December 16, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment
option by purchasing additional units, generating . 

Units (the Private Placement Units at a purchase price of per Private Placement Unit, generating
gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . On December 16, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the option at which
time the Sponsor purchasing additional units, generating . 

A
portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Units was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust
Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable
law). The Private Placement Units will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of an Initial Business
Combination, subject to certain exceptions. 

of the Company s ordinary shares (the Founder
Shares in exchange for a capital contribution of that was paid by the Sponsor for deferred offering costs. All share
amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect this number of Founder Shares. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to
 shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so
that the number of Founder Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, approximately of the Company s issued and outstanding
ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. Due to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters, these
 shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The
Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur
of: (A) six months after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) the date of the consummation of our initial business combination,
and subsequently, we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders
having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property or (C) after 150 calendar days after the date
of the consummation of our initial business combination, and subsequently, the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds
 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 

General
and Administrative Services 

Commencing
on the date the Units are first listed on the Nasdaq, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office
space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support during the Combination Period. Upon the earlier of the completion of the
Initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. Effective on January
1, 2024, the Company and the Sponsor agreed to terminate the management services. 

During
the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and in management fees, respectively. During the year ended
June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid management fees of and , respectively, to the Sponsor. As of June 30, 2024 and
2023, the Company had management fees payable of and , respectively, due to the Sponsor. 

In
addition, the fees due to the Sponsor under the administrative support agreement, from time to time, the Company will pay the Sponsor
for miscellaneous operating expenses. During the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company was charged of nil and , respectively,
by the Sponsor for operating expenses. The Company paid such expenses of nil and during the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. The Company had outstanding operating fees payable of and , respectively, due to the Sponsor as of June 30, 2024
and 2023. 

On
January 1, 2024, the Company has agreed to pay NR Instant Produce PCL NRIP (a parent company of the Sponsor Shareholder) a total of per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and
administrative support during the Combination Period. 

During
the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded 
 and nil
 in management fees, respectively. During the
year ended June 30, 2024, the Company did not pay management fees to NRIP (a parent company of the Sponsor Shareholder). As of June 30,
2024 and 2023, the Company had management fees payable of 
 and nil ,
respectively, due to the NRIP (a parent company of the Sponsor Shareholder). 

Working
Capital Note 

On
April 23, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Working Capital Note ), pursuant to
which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of .
On May 12, 2021, the amount of the Working Capital Note was increased to .
On December 10, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to provide an extension to the maturity date of the Working Capital Note. The Working Capital
Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) July 30, 2023 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Business Combination.
The Working Capital Note was amended on May 10, 2023 to provide that the Working Capital Note shall
be payable on the earlier of: (i) July 30, 2023 or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates the initial business combination, by
conversion of the Working Capital Note into ordinary shares of the Company concurrently with the closing of a business combination at
a price of 
 per share. The
Working Capital Note was further amended on September 18, 2023 to provide that the Working Capital Note shall
be payable on the earlier of: (i) December 16, 2023 or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates the initial business combination,
by conversion of the Working Capital Note into ordinary shares of the Company concurrently with the closing of a business combination
at a price of 
 per share. On
October 25, 2023, the Company and the Sponsor entered into another amendment to the Working Capital Note to increase the principal amount
of the Working Capital Note from 
 to .
On February 27, 2024 ,
t he Working Capital Note was amended to provide that the Working Capital Note shall be payable
on the earlier of: (i) December 16, 2024 or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates the initial business combination, by conversion
of the Working Capital Note into ordinary shares of the Company concurrently with the closing of a business combination at a price of
 
 per share. 

As
of June 30, 2024 and 2023, there was and outstanding under the Working Capital Note, respectively. 

Extension
Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with extending time to complete a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate
of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may
be required Extension Loans ). Such Extension Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes will be converted
upon completion of a Business Combination into ordinary shares at a price of per share. On December 14, 2022 and March 10, 2023,
the Company issued two non-interest bearing unsecured promissory notes, each in an amount of , to the Sponsor in exchange for
Sponsor depositing such amount into the Company s trust account in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete
a business combination until June 16, 2023. 

The
Extension Loans was amended on May 10, 2023 to provide that the Extension Loans will be converted upon completion of a Business Combination
into ordinary shares at a price of per share. 

From
June 9, 2023 through November 10, 2023, the Company entered into six unsecured promissory note arrangements with the Sponsor, each in
an amount of , in exchange for Sponsor depositing such amount into the Company s trust account in order to extend the amount
of time it has available to complete a business combination until December 16, 2023. The Sponsor deposited such amount into the Company s
trust account. 

On
December 14, 2023, the shareholders approved the amendment to the investment management trust agreement,
pursuant to which the Company has the right to extend the time to complete a business combination twelve (12) times for an additional
one (1) month each time from December 16, 2023 to December 16, 2024 by depositing into the trust account for each one-month extension.
From December 15, 2023 through September 13 , 2024, the Company issued ten unsecured
promissory notes, each in an amount of , to the Sponsor in exchange for Sponsor depositing such amount into the Company s
trust account in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination until October 16, 2024. In the
event that a Business Combination does not close by October 16, 2024, or up to December 16, 2024, and no amounts will thereafter be due
thereon. 

As
of June 30, 2024 and 2023, there were and outstanding under the Extension Loans. 

additional Units
to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts. On December 16, 2021, the underwriters
partially exercised the over-allotment option by purchasing additional units, generating . 

The
underwriters were paid to a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate (or in the aggregate
if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), payable upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition,
the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or in the aggregate (or in the aggregate
if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full). The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from
the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of
the underwriting agreement. Upon partial exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company paid the underwriters an additional fee of
 (net of Representative s purchase option fee of and an additional deferred fee of which will be payable
upon completion of a Business Combination. 

The
underwriters were also issued Ordinary shares as representative shares, in connection with the IPO. Upon close of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company recorded additional issuance costs of , the grant date fair value of the shares, with an offset
to additional paid-in capital. 

On
December 8, 2022, the Company and the underwriters in the IPO, entered into an amendment of the underwriting agreement (the UWA
Amendment ). The UWA Amendment provides that the deferred underwriting fee from the IPO (the Deferred Underwriting
Fee shall be paid as follows: (a) to the extent that the balance in the Company s trust account (the Trust Account as of the Closing Date exceeds , such excess shall be applied to the payment of the Deferred Underwriting Fee in cash up to
 , and (b) any amounts not so paid pursuant to the preceding clause (a) shall be converted into Purchaser ordinary shares at
a conversion rate of per share. 

Advisory
Agreement 

On
June 14, 2023, the Company entered into a letter agreement with Chardan Capital Markets, LLC Chardan in which the company
retains Chardan to provide financial advisory services including (i) advise and assist the Company in negotiating the terms and conditions in the business combination,
(ii) introduce the Company to potential targets, takeover candidates, investors and/or business partners, (iii) perform other financial
advisory services as agreed upon, and (iv) engage additional broke-dealers upon the Company s written consent. As compensation for such services, the Company is to pay
Chardan advisory fees which become payable upon the consummation of the business combination. . 

Because the consummation of the business combination is contingent and is not in the control of the Company, the
Company cannot reasonably assess if the liabilities due to Chardan will incur. Accordingly, the Company does not accrue expenses due to
Chardan until the consummation of the business combination. 

Business
Combination Agreement 

On December 9, 2022, the Company entered
into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger with, among others, Wellous Group Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company Wellous ),
which provides for a business combination between the Company and Wellous. Subsequently on June 22, 2023, we and Wellous entered into
a termination agreement which provides for the mutual termination of the Agreement and Plan of Merger. 

On
September 30, 2023, the Company executed that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Original Merger Agreement ), by
and between the Company, KAC Merger Sub 1, a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Purchaser ), KAC Merger Sub 2, a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser Merger Sub ), NR Instant Produce Public Company Limited, company formed under the laws of Thailand (the
 Shareholder ), and Bamboo Mart Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company Bamboo ). 

On
March 2 9 , 2024, the Parties entered into an amendment no. 1 (the Amendment to the Merger Agreement in accordance with
the terms of the Merger Agreement. Under the Amendment, (i) the original provision of fairness opinion issuance date under section 4.2(a)
was amended to no later than May 31, 2024; (ii) under section 4.2(b), the delivery date of the Parent Parties written due diligence
request list to the Company was amended to no later than May 1, 2024 and the Company delivery date of the due diligence items based on
the written due diligence request list was amended to no later than May 15, 2024; and (iii) the definition of Outside Date 
under section 12(d)(i) was amended to November 15, 2024. 

On
July 18, 2024, the parties agreed to amend the merger
consideration to with two portions of earn out payments. 

On
September 25, 2024, the Company entered into an amended and restated agreement and plan of merger (as it may be amended, supplemented,
or otherwise modified from time to time, the A R Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, Purchaser, Merger Sub,
the Principal Shareholders, and Bamboo Mart, pursuant to which (a) the Company will be merged with and into Purchaser (the Reincorporation
Merger ), with Purchaser surviving the Reincorporation Merger, and (b) Merger Sub will be merged with and into Bamboo Mart (the
 Acquisition Merger ), with Bamboo Mart surviving the Acquisition Merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser
(collectively, the Proposed Business Combination ). Following the Proposed Business Combination, Purchaser will be a publicly
traded company. The closing of the Proposed Business Combination shall occur no later than March 31, 2025. 

In
addition to the merger consideration to to be received in connection with the Acquisition Merger, the Bamboo Shareholders
have the right to receive Earnout Consideration (as defined in the A R Merger Agreement) of up to shares
of the Purchaser Ordinary Shares as follows: 

Number
 of Purchaser Ordinary Shares to be Received 
 
 Condition
 to be Satisfied 
 
 Up
 to Purchaser Ordinary Shares 
 
 (i)
 if the volume-weighted average price VWAP is equal to or greater than per share for any 20 out of 30
 consecutive trading days within three years after the Closing Date, Purchaser shall issue to the Bamboo Shareholders Purchaser
 Ordinary Shares; 
 
 (ii)
 if the VWAP is equal to or greater than per share for any 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days within three years after the
 Closing Date, in addition to the issuance of the Earnout Shares set forth in subparagraph (i) above, Purchaser shall issue to the
 Bamboo Shareholders Purchaser Ordinary Shares; and 
 
 (iii)
 if the VWAP is equal to or greater than per share for any 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days within three years after the
 Closing Date, in addition to the issuance of the Earnout Shares set forth in subparagraphs (i) and (ii) above, Purchaser shall issue
 to the Bamboo Shareholders Purchaser Ordinary Shares. 

Up
 to Purchaser Ordinary Shares 
 
 (i)
 if the revenue of the Bamboo Group for the fiscal year commencing from January 1, 2025 and ending on December 31, 2025 equals or
 exceeds , Purchaser shall issue to the Bamboo Shareholders Purchaser Ordinary Shares; and 
 
 (ii)
 if the revenue of the Bamboo Group for the fiscal year commencing from January 1, 2026 and ending on December 31, 2026 equals or
 exceeds , in addition to the issuance of the Tranche 2 Earnout Shares set forth in subparagraph (i) above, Purchaser
 shall issue to the Bamboo Shareholders Purchaser Ordinary Shares. 

As
previously disclosed, pursuant to the terms of a Share Purchase Agreement SPA dated June 30, 2023, by and among Kairous
Ventures Limited KVL ), and Regeneration Capital (Cayman) Limited (the Buyer ), KVL agreed to sell to Buyer,
and Buyer agreed to purchase from KVL, an aggregate of 
 ordinary shares, representing a 
equity interest in, Kairous Asia Limited, which is the Company s sponsor (the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase
price of 
 (the Transaction ). In addition,
KVL also offered the Buyer a 30-day call option to purchase the remaining 
equity interest in the Sponsor at cash consideration of approximately 
 million. The Transaction was consummated on July
14, 2023, and the Buyer did not exercise the call option before it expired. 

The
Company analyzed the SPA entered into in June 2023 under SAB Topic 5, Miscellaneous Accounting, section T, Accounting for Expenses or
Liabilities Paid by Principal Stockholder(s). Because the sum of the fair value of 
equity interest in the Sponsor KVL transferred and the fair value of 30-day call option offered
 was below the cash consideration of 
 million, the Company did not record expense under SAB
Topic 5T. 

The
Buyer and Bamboo Mart Limited are under the common control of NRIP. Mr. Dhas Udomdhammabhakdi was appointed as an independent
director and chairman of the Audit Committee of Kairous Acquisition Corp. Limited on November 25, 2023. He has served as an independent
director since 2018 and as Chairman of risk management committee since 2021 of the board of NRIP. 

ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders
of ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, there were ordinary shares issued
and outstanding in shareholders equity. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, there were an additional and ordinary
shares included in temporary equity on the balance sheets, respectively. During the year ended June 30, 2024, shareholders elected to
redeem ordinary shares for a total redemption amount of withdrawn from the Trust Account. During the year ended June
30, 2023, shareholders elected to redeem ordinary shares for a total redemption amount of withdrawn from the Trust
Account. 

Holders
of ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as otherwise required
by law. In connection with our initial business combination, we may enter into a shareholders agreement or other arrangements with the
shareholders of the target or other investors to provide or voting or other corporate governance arrangements that differ from those
in effect upon completion of the IPO. 

Rights
 Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a business combination, each holder of a right will
automatically receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of the initial business combination. The Company will
not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole
share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of Cayman law. 

Warrants
 Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of ordinary share at a price of per share,
subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination. However,
no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current Form 10-Q relating to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective by the 90th day
following the consummation of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that
exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In the event
of such cashless exercise, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal
to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference
between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The
 fair market value for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading
days ending on the third trading day prior to the date of exercise. The warrants will expire on the fifth anniversary of our completion
of an initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
private warrants, as well as any warrants underlying additional units the Company issued to the Sponsor, officers, directors, initial
shareholders or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to the Company, will be identical to the warrants underlying
the units being offered. 

The
Company may call the warrants for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of per warrant, 

at
 any time after the warrants become exercisable, 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, 

;
 and 

if,
 and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants. 

The
right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and
after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s
warrant upon surrender of such warrant. 

The
redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium
to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then- prevailing share price and the warrant exercise
price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below
the exercise price of the warrants. 

If
the Company calls the warrants for redemption as described above, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to
exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering
the warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary
shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value 
(defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average reported last
sale price of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption
is sent to the holders of warrants. 

The
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder (i) to
cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms
of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the Prospectus, or to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision, or
(ii) to add or change any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to
the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the interests of the registered
holders of the warrants, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding
public warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant
holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and
receive ordinary shares. After the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote
for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

Warrant
holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be
able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess
of 9.8 of the ordinary shares outstanding. 

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive
a fractional interest in a share, the Company will, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of ordinary shares
to be issued to the warrant holder. 

, to the Sponsor in exchange for Sponsor
depositing such amount into the Company s trust account in order to extend the business combination period to October 16, 2024.
The Notes do not bear interest and matures upon the closing of a business combination by the Company. In addition, the Notes will be
converted by the holder into ordinary shares of the Company at a price of per share at the closing of a business combination. 

As
we have disclosed in Note 1, on September 25, 2024, the Company entered into A R Merger Agreement, by and among the Company, Purchaser,
Merger Sub, the Principal Shareholders, and Bamboo Mart. 

The
Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date that the financial statements
were issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any other subsequent events that would have required adjustment or
disclosure in the financial statements. 

F- 23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Athiwat Apichote, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kairous Acquisition Corp. Limited for the annual period ended June 30, 2024; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
[omitted]; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 October 8, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Athiwat Apichote 

Athiwat
 Apichote 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Usanee Lekvanichkul, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kairous Acquisition Corp. Limited for the annual period ended June 30, 2024; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
[omitted]; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 October 8, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Usanee Lekvanichkul 

Usanee
 Lekvanichkul 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Kairous Acquisition Corp. Limited (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June
30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the
dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
the Company. 

Date:
 October 8, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Athiwat Apichote 

Athiwat
 Apichote 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Kairous Acquisition Corp. Limited (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June
30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the
dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
the Company. 

Date:
 October 8, 2024 

By: 
 /s/
 Usanee Lekvanichkul 

Usanee
 Lekvanichkul 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 6
 ex97-1.htm

Exhibit
97.1 

KAIROUS
ACQUISITION CORP. LIMITED the Company 

CLAWBACK
POLICY 

Introduction 

The
Board of Directors of the Company (the Board believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders
to create and maintain a culture that emphasizes integrity and accountability and that reinforces the Company s pay-for-performance
compensation philosophy. The Board has therefore adopted this policy which provides for the recoupment of certain executive compensation
in the event of an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under the federal
securities laws (the Policy ). This Policy is designed to comply with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). 

Administration 

This
Policy shall be administered by the Board or, if so designated by the Board, the Compensation Committee, in which case references herein
to the Board shall be deemed references to the Compensation Committee. Any determinations made by the Board shall be final and binding
on all affected individuals. 

Covered
Executives 

This
Policy applies to the Company s current and former executive officers, as determined by the Board in accordance with Section 10D
of the Exchange Act and the listing standards of the national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed,
and such other senior executives/employees who may from time to time be deemed subject to the Policy by the Board Covered
Executives ). 

Recoupment;
Accounting Restatement 

In
the event the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to the Company s material
noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, the Board will require reimbursement or forfeiture
of any excess Incentive Compensation received by any Covered Executive during the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding
the date on which the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement. 

Incentive
Compensation 

For
purposes of this Policy, Incentive Compensation means any of the following; provided that, such compensation is granted, earned, or vested
based wholly or in part on the attainment of a financial reporting measure: 

Annual
 bonuses and other short- and long-term cash incentives. 

Stock
 options. 

Stock
 appreciation rights. 

Restricted
 stock. 

Restricted
 stock units. 

Performance
 shares. 

Performance
 units. 

Financial
reporting measures include: 

Company
 stock price. 

Total
 shareholder return. 

Revenues. 

Net
 income. 

Earnings
 before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA). 

Funds
 from operations. 

Liquidity
 measures such as working capital or operating cash flow. 

Return
 measures such as return on invested capital or return on assets. 

Earnings
 measures such as earnings per share. 

Excess
Incentive Compensation: Amount Subject to Recovery 

The
amount to be recovered will be the excess of the Incentive Compensation paid to the Covered Executive based on the erroneous data over
the Incentive Compensation that would have been paid to the Covered Executive had it been based on the restated results, as determined
by the Board. 

If
the Board cannot determine the amount of excess Incentive Compensation received by the Covered Executive directly from the information
in the accounting restatement, then it will make its determination based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the accounting restatement. 

Method
of Recoupment 

The
Board will determine, in its sole discretion, the method for recouping Incentive Compensation hereunder which may include, without limitation: 

(a)
requiring reimbursement of cash Incentive Compensation previously paid; 

(b)
seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer, or other disposition of any equity-based
awards; 

(c)
offsetting the recouped amount from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company to the Covered Executive; 

(d))
cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity awards; and/or 

(e)
taking any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law, as determined by the Board. 

No
Indemnification 

The
Company shall not indemnify any Covered Executives against the loss of any incorrectly awarded Incentive Compensation. 

2 

Interpretation 

The
Board is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate, or advisable for the
administration of this Policy. It is intended that this Policy be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of
Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or standards adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission or any national
securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 

Effective
Date 

This
Policy shall be effective as of the date it is adopted by the Board (the Effective Date and shall apply to Incentive
Compensation that is approved, awarded or granted to Covered Executives on or after that date. 

Amendment;
Termination 

The
Board may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to reflect final regulations
adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 10D of the Exchange Act and to comply with any rules or standards adopted
by a national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. The Board may terminate this Policy at any time. 

Other
Recoupment Rights 

The
Board intends that this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent of the law. The Board may require that any employment agreement,
equity award agreement, or similar agreement entered into on or after the Effective Date shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit
thereunder, require a Covered Executive to agree to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in
addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms
of any similar policy in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available
to the Company. 

Impracticability 

The
Board shall recover any excess Incentive Compensation in accordance with this Policy unless such recovery would be impracticable, as
determined by the Board in accordance with Rule 10D-1 of the Exchange Act and the listing standards of the national securities exchange
on which the Company s securities are listed. 

Successors 

This
Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other
legal representatives. 

3 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 kacl-20240630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 kacl-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 kacl-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 kacl-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

