<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241227_10-K_edgar_data_1506251_0001213900-24-113149.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6073291</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>410555</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1338188</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1348481</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1373921</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1456077</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-113149.hdr.sgml : 20241227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241227170041
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-113149
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001506251
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				273425913
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38174
		FILM NUMBER:		241586207

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11 COMMERCE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		1ST FLOOR
		CITY:			CRANFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(908) 967-6676

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11 COMMERCE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		1ST FLOOR
		CITY:			CRANFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Trail One, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110314

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TrailOne, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101119

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-113149.txt : 20241227

10-K
 1
 ea0225656-10k_citius.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , ,

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered The Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and
asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
(March 28, 2024) was approximately million. 

Affiliates for the purpose of this item refers
to the issuer s executive officers and directors and/or any persons or firms (excluding those brokerage firms and/or clearing houses
and/or depository companies holding issuer s securities as record holders only for their respective clients beneficial interest)
owning 10 or more of the issuer s common stock, both of record and beneficially. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 

shares as of December 18, 2024, all of
one class of common stock, 0.001 par value. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

FORM 10-K 

September 30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 26 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 51 
 
 Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 
 52 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 52 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 52 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 52 

PART II 
 
 53 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 53 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 53 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 53 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 59 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 59 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 60 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 60 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 60 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 60 

PART III 
 
 61 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 61 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 61 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 61 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 61 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 61 

PART IV 
 
 62 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 62 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 65 

Signatures 
 
 66 

i 

NOTES 

In this annual report on Form 10-K, and unless
the context otherwise requires, the Company, we, us and our refer to Citius Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries Citius Pharmaceuticals, LLC and Leonard-Meron Biosciences, Inc., and its majority-owned subsidiaries,
Citius Oncology, Inc. (Nasdaq: CTOR) Citius Oncology and NoveCite, Inc., taken as a whole. 

Mino-Lok and LYMPHIR TM (denileukin
diftitox) are our registered trademarks. All other trade names, trademarks and service marks appearing in this report are the property
of their respective owners. We have assumed that the reader understands that all such terms are source-indicating. Accordingly, such terms,
when first mentioned in this report, appear with the trade name, trademark or service mark notice and then throughout the remainder of
this report without trade name, trademark or service mark notices for convenience only and should not be construed as being used in a
descriptive or generic sense. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that express our intentions, beliefs, expectations,
plans, strategies, predictions, or any other statements relating to our future activities or other future events or conditions. These
statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our business based, in part, on assumptions made by management.
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict.
Therefore, actual outcomes and results may, and are likely to, differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking
statements due to numerous factors discussed from time to time in this report, including the risks described under Item 1A - Risk
Factors, and Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
in this report and in other documents which we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). In addition, such
statements could be affected by risks and uncertainties related to: 

the ability of the Company to recognize the anticipated
benefits of the August 2024 reverse merger whereby Citius Oncology became a publicly traded company and majority-owned subsidiary (the
 Merger ), which may not be realized fully, if at all, or may take longer to realize than expected; 

the Company s need for substantial additional
funds and its ability to raise those funds; 

our ongoing evaluation of strategic alternatives; 

the ability of Citius Oncology to commercialize
LYMPHIR , including covering the costs of licensing payments, product manufacturing
and other third-party goods and services ; 

the ability of the Company to obtain regulatory
approval for and successfully commercialize Mino-Lok; 

the cost, timing, and results of our pre-clinical
and clinical trials for our other product candidates; 

our ability to apply for, obtain and maintain
required regulatory approvals for our other product candidates; 

the ability of the Company to maintain compliance with the continued
listing requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq 

the commercial feasibility and success of our
technology and our product candidates; 

our ability to recruit qualified management and
technical personnel to carry out our operations; and 

the other factors discussed in the Risk
Factors section and elsewhere in this report. 

Any forward-looking statements speak only as of
the date on which they are made, and, except as may be required under applicable securities laws, we do not undertake any obligation to
update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the filing date of this report. 

ii 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our securities involves a high
degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks summarized in Item 1A, Risk Factors included in this report. These
risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

We have a history of net losses and expect to
incur losses for the foreseeable future. We may never generate revenues or, if we are able to generate revenues, achieve profitability. 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm s report includes an explanatory paragraph stating that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

Both the Company and Citius Oncology are heavily
dependent on the planned launch and commercial success of LYMPHIR. 

We need to secure additional financing in the
near future to complete the development of our other current product candidates and support our operations. 

We are primarily a late-stage development company
with an unproven business strategy and may never achieve commercialization of our therapeutic product candidates or profitability. 

We have a limited operating history upon which
to evaluate our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates. 

We may choose not to continue developing any
of our product candidates at any time during development, which would reduce or eliminate our potential return on investment for those
product candidates. 

We face significant risks in our product candidate
development efforts. 

We may be required to make milestone payments
to the licensor and former licensee of the LYMPHIR intellectual property in connection with its development and commercialization of LYMPHIR,
which could adversely affect the profitability of LYMPHIR, if approved. 

While our business strategy generally is to focus
on the development of late-stage product candidates to lessen the development risk, there is still significant risk to successfully developing
a product candidate. 

The results of pre-clinical studies and completed
clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results, and our current product candidates may not have favorable results in
later studies or trials. 

If we are unable to file for approval of Mino-Lok
or Halo-Lido under Section 505(b)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or if we are required to generate additional data related
to safety and efficacy under Section 505(b)(2), we may be unable to meet our anticipated development and commercialization timelines. 

Two of our product candidates, Mino-Lok and Halo-Lido,
are combination products consisting of components that have each been separately approved by the FDA for other indications and which are
commercially available and marketed by other companies. Our approval under Section 505(b)(2), if received, would not preclude physicians,
pharmacists, and patients from obtaining individual drug products and titrating the dosage of these drug products as close to our approved
dose as possible. 

Any fast track designation or grant of priority
review status by the FDA may not actually lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, nor will it assure FDA
approval of our product candidates. Additionally, our product candidates may treat indications that do not qualify for priority review
vouchers. 

We do not own Citius Oncology or NoveCite, Inc.
outright and will share any benefits from the commercialization of LYMPHIR and the development of the NoveCite product candidate with
the other stockholders. 

Any FDA programs related to the development and
approval of treatments for COVID-19 and its symptoms may not be available to us or actually lead to a faster development or regulatory
review or approval process for NoveCite, our proposed treatment for ARDS, nor will it assure FDA approval of such a treatment. 

Because our NoveCite product candidate is based
on novel mesenchymal stem cell technologies, it is difficult to predict the regulatory approval process and the time, the cost and our
ability to successfully initiate, conduct and complete clinical development, and obtain the necessary regulatory and reimbursement approvals,
required for commercialization of our NoveCite product candidate. 

NoveCite has assumed that the biological capabilities
of iPSCs and adult-donor derived cells are likely to be comparable. If it is discovered that this assumption is incorrect, the NoveCite
product candidate research and development activities could be harmed. 

Even if we receive regulatory approval to commercialize
a product candidate, that product may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare payers or the medical community
and may not generate significant revenue. 

Even if approved for marketing by applicable
regulatory bodies, we will not be able to create a market for any of our product candidates if we fail to establish marketing, sales,
and distribution capabilities, either on our own or through arrangements with third parties. 

The FDA and other regulatory agencies actively
enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. 

The markets in which we operate are highly competitive
and we may be unable to compete successfully against new entrants or established companies. 

Physicians and patients might not accept and
use any of our product candidates for which regulatory approval is obtained. 

iii 

Our ability to generate product revenues will
be diminished if any of our product candidates that may be approved sell for inadequate prices or patients are unable to obtain adequate
levels of reimbursement. 

Healthcare reform measures could hinder or prevent
our product candidates commercial success. 

We are and will be dependent on third-party contract
research organizations to conduct all of our clinical trials. 

We rely exclusively on third parties to formulate
and manufacture our product candidates. 

If we materially breach or default under any
of our license agreements, the licensor party to such agreement will have the right to terminate the license agreement, which termination
may materially harm our business. 

Any termination, or breach by, or conflict with
our strategic partners could harm our business. 

We rely on the significant experience and specialized
expertise of our executive management and other key personnel and the loss of any of our executive management or key personnel or our
inability to successfully hire their successors could harm our business. 

If we are unable to retain or hire additional
qualified personnel, our ability to grow our business might be harmed. 

We expect to need to increase the size of our
organization to further develop our product candidates, and we may experience difficulties in managing growth. 

We plan to grow and develop our business through
acquisitions of or investment in new or complementary businesses, products or technologies, and the failure to manage these acquisitions
or investments, or the failure to integrate them with our existing business, could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Conflicts of interest may arise from our relationships
with Citius Oncology and NoveCite. 

We might not obtain the necessary U.S. or foreign
regulatory approvals to commercialize any current product candidates. 

Following any regulatory approval of any product
candidate, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and restrictions, which may result in significant expense and limit our
ability to commercialize our other product candidates. 

We could be forced to pay substantial damage
awards if product liability claims that may be brought against us are successful. 

Our business depends on protecting our intellectual
property. 

We rely on trade secret protections through confidentiality
agreements with our employees and other parties, and the breach of these agreements could adversely affect our business and prospects. 

If we infringe the rights of third parties we
might have to forego developing and/or selling any approved products, pay damages, or defend against litigation. 

The U.S. government could have march-in
rights to certain of our intellectual property. 

If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately
protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely
affected. 

We may be unable to achieve some or all of the
benefits that we expect to achieve from the Merger. 

A planned distribution by Citius Pharma to its
stockholders of shares of Citius Oncology could result in significant tax liability to Citius Pharma and our stockholders. 

Our failure to maintain compliance with Nasdaq s
continued listing requirements could result in the delisting of our common stock. 

The market price of the Company s common
stock is highly volatile, and you may lose some or all of your investment. 

You may experience dilution of your ownership
interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into common stock. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation allows our Board
of Directors to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our stockholders, which could adversely affect the rights
of the holders of the common stock. 

We have not paid cash dividends in the past and
we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any return on investment may be limited to the capital appreciation,
if any, of our common stock. 

Provisions in our Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation, as amended, and under Nevada law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable and may lead to
entrenchment of management. 

iv 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Citius Pharma ,
and together with its subsidiaries, the Company or we ), headquartered in Cranford, New Jersey, is a biopharmaceutical
company dedicated to the development and commercialization of first-in-class critical care products. Our goal generally is to achieve
leading market positions by providing therapeutic products that address unmet medical needs yet have a lower development risk than usually
is associated with new chemical entities. New formulations of previously approved drugs with substantial existing safety and efficacy
data are a core focus. We seek to reduce development and clinical risks associated with drug development, yet still focus on innovative
applications. Our strategy centers on products that have intellectual property and regulatory exclusivity protection, while providing
competitive advantages over other existing therapeutic approaches. 

Since its inception, the Company has devoted substantially
all of its efforts to business planning, acquiring our proprietary technology, research and development, recruiting management and technical
staff, and raising capital. We are developing three proprietary products Mino-Lok, an antibiotic lock solution used to treat patients
with catheter-related bloodstream infections by salvaging the infected catheter; Halo-Lido, a corticosteroid-lidocaine topical formulation
that is intended to provide anti-inflammatory and anesthetic relief to persons suffering from hemorrhoids; and NoveCite, a mesenchymal
stem cell therapy for the treatment of ARDS. Citius Oncology achieved the approval from the FDA for LYMPHIR, in-licensed by Citius Pharma
in September 2021 (now owned by Citius Oncology), an engineered IL-2 diphtheria toxin fusion protein, for the treatment of patients with
persistent or recurrent cutaneous T-cell lymphoma CTCL ). We believe these unique markets for our products are large, growing,
and underserved by the current prescription products or procedures. 

We are subject to a number of risks common to
companies in the pharmaceutical industry including, but not limited to, risks related to the development by us or our competitors of research
and development stage products, market acceptance of its products that receive regulatory approval, competition from larger companies,
dependence on key personnel, dependence on key suppliers and strategic partners, the Company s ability to obtain additional financing
and the Company s compliance with governmental and other regulations. 

The Company was founded as Citius Pharmaceuticals,
LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company, on January 23, 2007. On September 12, 2014, Citius Pharmaceuticals, LLC entered into a
Share Exchange and Reorganization Agreement, with Citius Pharma (formerly Trail One, Inc.), a publicly traded company incorporated under
the laws of the State of Nevada. Citius Pharmaceuticals, LLC became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Citius Pharma. On March 30, 2016, Citius
Pharma acquired Leonard-Meron Biosciences, Inc. LMB as a wholly-owned subsidiary. LMB was a pharmaceutical company focused
on the development and commercialization of critical care products with a concentration on anti-infectives. On September 11, 2020, we
formed NoveCite, Inc. NoveCite ), a Delaware corporation, of which we own 75 of the issued and outstanding capital stock.
NoveCite is focused on the development and commercialization of its proprietary mesenchymal stem cells for the treatment of acute respiratory
disease syndrome ARDS ). 

Citius Oncology and the Merger 

On August 23, 2021, we formed Citius Acquisition
Corp. SpinCo as a wholly-owned subsidiary in conjunction with the acquisition of LYMPHIR. SpinCo began operations in April
2022, when Citius Pharma transferred the assets related to LYMPHIR to SpinCo, including the related license agreement with Eisai Co.,
Ltd. Eisai and the related asset purchase agreement with Dr. Reddy s Laboratories SA, a subsidiary of Dr. Reddy s
Laboratories, Ltd. (collectively, Dr. Reddy s ). At this time, SpinCo was renamed Citius Oncology, Inc. 

On October 23, 2023, Citius Pharma and SpinCo
entered into an agreement and plan of merger and reorganization (the Merger Agreement with TenX Keane Acquisition, a Cayman
Islands exempted company TenX ), and TenX Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of TenX Merger Sub ). On August 12, 2024, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and
into SpinCo, with SpinCo surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of TenX (the Merger ). Prior to closing of the Merger (the
 Closing ), TenX migrated to and domesticated as a Delaware corporation in accordance with Section 388 of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware and the Cayman Islands Companies Act (As Revised) (the Domestication ). As part of the Domestication,
TenX changed its name to Citius Oncology, Inc. Citius Oncology (Nasdaq: CTOR). Immediately after the closing
of the Merger, Citius Pharma owned approximately 92.3 of the outstanding shares of common stock of Citius Oncology. 

Since its inception, Citius Pharma has funded
and continues to fund Citius Oncology, and Citius Pharma and Citius Oncology are party to an amended and restated shared services agreement,
which governs certain management and scientific services that Citius Pharma provides Citius Oncology. 

1 

LYMPHIR TM (denileukin diftitox-cdxl) 

Overview 

In September 2021, the Company announced that
it had entered into an asset purchase agreement with Dr. Reddy s to acquire its exclusive license of E7777 (denileukin diftitox).
E7777, an engineered IL-2-diphtheria toxin fusion protein, is an improved formulation of oncology agent, ONTAK , which was previously
approved by the FDA for the treatment of patients with persistent or recurrent CTCL. Dr. Reddy s had previously exclusively licensed
E777 in select markets from Eisai and as part of the transaction, Eisai entered into a license agreement whereby Eisai assigned all of
its rights to E7777 to Citius Pharma. Citius Pharma renamed E7777 as I/ONTAK and also obtained the trade name LYMPHIR for the product.
Denileukin diftitox is referred to in this report as E7777, I/ONTAK or LYMPHIR, depending on the period of time and context that is being
discussed. In April of 2022 LYMPHIR was assigned to Citius Oncology. 

LYMPHIR is recombinant DNA-derived fusion protein
designed to direct the cytocidal action of diphtheria toxin (DT) to cells which express the IL-2 receptor. After uptake into the cell,
the DT fragment is cleaved and the free DT fragments inhibit protein synthesis, resulting in cell death. Consequently, LYMPHIR s
differentiated mechanism of action supports two therapeutic effects: (i) killing tumors by binding to IL-2 receptors to deliver diphtheria
toxin directly to the tumor cells, and (ii) depleting immunosuppressive regulatory T lymphocytes (Tregs) to enhance antitumor activity. 

Phase 3 Trial (E7777-G000-302) Design 

LYMPHIR is an improved formulation of oncology
agent, ONTAK , which was previously approved by the FDA for the treatment of patients with persistent or recurrent CTCL. ONTAK was
marketed in the US previously. The manufacturing formulation improvements were substantial enough that the FDA required a new clinical
study to be performed (Study E7777-G000-302). The safety profile of LYMPHIR from study E7777-G000-302 is comparable to Study 93-04-11/L4389-11,
which served as the basis for the full approval of ONTAK. Study E7777-G000-302, a global, multicenter, open-label single-arm pivotal clinical
trial for the treatment of patients with persistent or recurrent CTCL, commenced (first subject consented) in May 2013 and completed (data
cutoff for primary analysis) in December 2021. The study was sponsored by Eisai and was conducted at 17 sites in the United States and
three sites in Australia. Inclusion criteria for the study were to evaluate patients in advanced stage CTCL (Mycosis Fungoides or S zary
Syndrome), who received at least one prior CTCL therapy. The objectives were met for Study E7777-G000-302, in both the lead-in phase and
the main phase. Overall, the primary and secondary endpoints of Study E7777-G000-302 demonstrate the tolerability and clinical benefit
of 9 g/kg/day LYMPHIR for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory Stage I-III CTCL. No new safety signals were
identified compared to ONTAK. 

The pivotal trial of E7777 was divided into two
phases, a lead-in phase with 21 subjects that evaluated dose finding, pharmacokinetics and immunogenicity, and assessed the Objective
Response Rate (the ORR ). An ORR is defined as a greater than 50 reduction in tumor burden. Patients received a daily intravenous
infusion of denileukin diftitox from Day 1 through Day 5 of each 21-day cycle. In the lead-in phase, the main objectives were to determine
the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of LYMPHIR and to select the dose of LYMPHIR to be used in the main phase (subjects were treated at doses
ranging from 6 to 15 g/kg/day). The MTD was 12 g/kg/day and, based on data of the lead-in phase, 9 g/kg/day was selected
for the main phase of the study. The objectives of the main phase were to evaluate the efficacy and safety of LYMPHIR (at the dose determined
in the lead-in phase of 9 g/kg/day). 

The primary efficacy endpoint was tumor response
rate, i.e. ORR per the Independent Review Committee (IRC) assessment based on International Society for Cutaneous Lymphomas/ European
Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Global Response Score (GRS; Olsen, et al., 2011). 

The secondary efficacy endpoints were: 

Duration
of response (DOR) based on GRS 

Time
to response based on GRS 

ORR
assessed by investigator using GRS 

Objective
response assessed by IRC using Prince (Prince, et al., 2010) 

Skin
response (according to modified Severity Weighted Assessment Tool [mSWAT]) 

Duration
of skin response 

Time
to skin response 

2 

Overall, there were 25 responders out of 69 subjects
in the Primary Efficacy Analysis Set (i.e., subjects with CTCL disease Stages I to III (9 g/kg/day)) as assessed by the IRC, with
an ORR of 36.2 (95 CI: 25.0 , 48.7 ), with 8.7 (6/69) achieving a Complete Response (CR) and 27.5 (19/69) achieving a Partial Response. 

Among responders, the median follow-up for duration
of response was 6.5 months (range: 3.5+, 23.5+ months). Median time to response was 1.4 months (range: 0.7 to 5.6 months). 

ORR (95 CI) by investigator was 42.3 (30.6 ,
54.6 (30 of 71 subjects), with 8.5 (6 subjects) achieving a CR. ORR (95 CI) by IRC assessment using the Prince (2010) criteria was
36.2 (25.0 , 48.7 (25 of 69 subjects). And, an ORR of 38.1 in the intent to treat population and 44.4 in the efficacy evaluable populations
were observed. The 2-sided, exact 95 CI of ORR was calculated using the Clopper-Pearson method. Per protocol, LYMPHIR demonstrated clinical
benefit if the lower bound of the 2-sided 95 exact CI of the ORR exceeded 25 . 

Skin responses were the same as GRS objective
responses, for both IRC and investigator assessments. Responses were deep, reflected by the substantial decrease in skin tumor burden,
including 8 subjects with 100 clearance of skin lesions per IRC. 

In the second and main phase of the pivotal trial,
70 patients were administered the 9 g/kg/day rate for 5 consecutive days in 21-day cycles. The inclusion criteria were identical
to the lead-in phase. 

Phase 3 Trial Efficacy Safety Results 

The efficacy population of the main phase included
69 patients with relapsed or refractory stage I to III CTCL. Of the 69 patients, the median age was 64 years (range: 28 to 87 years),
65 were male, 73 were White, 19 Black or African American, 1 Asian, and 14 Hispanic or Latino. The CTCL disease stage was IA in 7 ,
IB in 23 , IIA in 13 , IIB in 35 , IIIA in 12 , and IIIB in 10 . The median number of prior therapies was 4 (range: 1 to 18), including
both skin-directed and systemic therapies. Prior therapies included photodynamic therapy (56 ), total skin electron beam therapy (42 ),
systemic retinoids (49 ), methotrexate/pralatrexate (49 ), histone deacetylase inhibitor (35 ), brentuximab vedotin (26 and mogamulizumab
(12 ). 

Efficacy was established based on ORR, according
to ISCL/EORTC Global Response Score (GRS) per Independent Review Committee (Olsen 2011). Efficacy results are shown in the table below. 

LYMPHIR 

Efficacy Results of E7777-G000-302 
 
 9 g/kg/day 

(N = 69) 

ORR (GRS) a 

36 

(95 CI b 

(25, 49) 

Complete Response 

9 

Partial Response 

27 

Duration of Response 

Median (range), months 

6.5 (3.0 +, 23.5 +) 

Duration 6 months, n ) 

52 

Median Time to Response, months 

1.4 

(95 CI b 

(0.7, 5.6) 

a) 
 ORR, Objective Response Rate per Olsen, et all (2011) Global Response Score (GRS), by Independent Review Committee (IRC) 

b) 
 CI = confidence interval 

Both the endpoints and objectives of Study E7777-G000-302
were met, while the statistical confidence interval (95 CI) resulted in a marginal shortfall (25 actual achievement vs. >25 from
the statistical plan). Throughout the initial BLA review period, the FDA accepted the Study E7777-G000-302 data which demonstrated both
tolerability and clinical benefit. 

Overall, LYMPHIR was well-tolerated with the use
of pre-medications, close patient monitoring, and prompt initiation of supportive measures and drug management. There was no evidence
of cumulative toxicity and most patients experienced low grade 1 or 2 treatment emergent adverse events. 

Serious adverse reactions occurred in 38 of patients
who received LYMPHIR. Serious adverse reactions in > 2 of patients included capillary leak syndrome (10 ), infusion-related reaction
(9 ), sepsis (7 ), skin infection (2.9 ), pyrexia (2.9 ), and rash (2.9 ). There were no Grade 5 adverse events in the Study E7777-G000-302,
Stage I-III Safety Set (which is the safety set FDA required for inclusion in the package insert/label). 

3 

Adverse Reactions 10 in Patients with
Relapsed or Refractory Stage I-III CTCL Who Received 

LYMPHIR in E7777-G000-302 

LYMPHIR N = 69 
 
 Adverse Reaction 
 All Grades ) 
 Grade 3 or 4 ) 
 
 Gastrointestinal disorders 

Nausea 
 43 
 1.4 
 
 Diarrhea 
 19 
 0 
 
 Vomiting 
 13 
 0 
 
 Constipation 
 12 
 0 
 
 General disorders and administration site conditions 

Fatigue a 
 38 
 0 
 
 Edema b 
 33 
 1.4 
 
 Chills 
 27 
 1.4 
 
 Fever c 
 16 
 1.4 
 
 Musculoskeletal and connective tissue disorders 

Musculoskeletal pain d 
 27 
 2.9 
 
 Arthralgia e 
 12 
 0 
 
 Nervous system disorders 

Headache f 
 25 
 0 
 
 Dizziness 
 13 
 0 
 
 Mental status changes g 
 13 
 0 
 
 Injury, poisoning and procedural complications 

Infusion-related reaction 
 25 
 6 
 
 Skin and subcutaneous tissue disorders 

Rash h 
 23 
 6 
 
 Pruritis i 
 19 
 6 
 
 Vascular disorders 

Capillary leak syndrome 
 20 
 6 
 
 Metabolism and nutrition disorders 

Decreased appetite 
 13 
 1.4 
 
 Eye disorders 

Vision changes j 
 13 
 0 
 
 Investigations 

Weight increased 
 13 
 0 
 
 Infections and infestations 

Skin infection 
 13 
 1.4 
 
 Renal and urinary disorders 

Renal insufficiency l 
 12 
 2.9 
 
 Psychiatric disorders 

Insomnia 
 10 
 0 

(a) 
 Includes fatigue, asthenia, and lethargy. 

(b) 
 Includes edema, edema peripheral generalized edema, face edema, swelling face, peripheral swelling. 

(c) 
 Includes fever, pyrexia, tumor associated fever. 

(d) 
 Includes musculoskeletal pain, back pain, neck pain, pain in extremity, myalgia, bone pain, flank pain. 

(e) 
 Includes arthralgia, joint swelling, joint range of motion decreased, musculoskeletal stiffness. 

(f) 
 Includes headache, migraine. 

(g) 
 Includes mental status changes, amnesia, confusional state, delirium, altered state of consciousness, hallucinations (including auditory), memory impairment, disturbance in attention, somnolence, cognitive disorder. 

(h) 
 Includes rash, dermatitis, drug eruption, erythema, palmar erythema, toxic skin eruption, rash maculo-papular, rash papular, rash pustular, rash pruritic, dermatitis exfoliative generalized, acute generalized exanthematous pustulosis. 

(i) 
 Includes pruritis, itching. 

(j) 
 Includes vision blurred, photopsia, visual impairment. 

(k) 
 Includes skin infection, skin bacterial infection, staphylococcal skin infection, cellulitis, impetigo. 

(l) 
 Includes renal failure, nephropathy, acute kidney injury, blood creatinine increased, renal impairment. 

4 

Grade refers to the severity of the adverse reaction.
The Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events displays Grades 1 through 5 with unique clinical descriptions of severity for each
adverse reaction based on this general guideline: 

Grade 1 - Mild; asymptomatic or mild symptoms;
clinical or diagnostic observations only; intervention not indicated. 

Grade 2 - Moderate; minimal, local or noninvasive
intervention indicated; limiting age-appropriate instrumental activities of daily living. 

Grade 3 - Severe or medically significant but
not immediately life-threatening; hospitalization or prolongation of hospitalization indicated; disabling; limiting self care activities
of daily living. 

Grade 4 - Life-threatening consequences; urgent
intervention indicated. 

Grade 5 - Death related to the adverse reaction. 

Investigator Initiated Trials 

We believe there is an opportunity in the field
of immuno-oncology and have undertaken two investigator-initiated trials to evaluate the potential safety and efficacy of LYMPHIR as an
immuno-oncology combination therapy. 

A Phase 1 trial was initiated in June 2021 at
the University of Minnesota, Masonic Cancer Center. This study is a single-arm open-label trial which has an estimated enrollment of 20
participants who will be administered denileukin diftitox prior to Chimeric Antigen Receptor, CAR-T therapies. The Phase
1 study consists of two components: dose finding to establish a maximum tolerated dose MTD of denileukin diftitox in combination
with CART-T therapies, and an extension component to provide an estimate of efficacy at that MTD. (Title: Phase I/II Trial Using E7777
to Enhance Regulatory T-Cell Depletion Prior to CAR-T Therapy for Relapsed/Refractory B-Cell Lymphoma (DLBCL). NCT04855253) 

A second Phase 1 Study was initiated in September
2022 at the University of Pittsburg Medical Center, Hillman Cancer Center. This study is an open label, Phase 1/1b study to investigate
the safety and efficacy of a combined regimen of pembrolizumab with T-regulatory cell depletion and denileukin diftitox in patients diagnosed
with recurrent or metastatic solid tumors in the second line setting. (Title: The efficacy of T-regulatory cell depletion with E7777 combined
with immune checkpoint inhibitor, pembrolizumab, in recurrent or metastatic solid tumors: Phase I/II Study. NCT05200559). 

The study consists of two parts. Part I is a dose
escalation study of four cohorts (3,6,9,12 mcg of LYMPHIR) and is expected to enroll 18-30 patients. Part II is a dose expansion study
of approximately 40 patients to evaluate the safety and tolerability of the recommended combination dose of LYMPHIR and pembrolizumab
(to include ovarian cancer and MSI-H cancer cohorts). The study will also investigate the alteration of the immune microenvironment within
tumors and peripheral blood. Secondary endpoints include the objective response (complete response plus partial response), progression-free
survival, and overall survival. 

Trials at both the University of Minnesota, Masonic
Cancer Center and the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, Hillman Cancer Center are enrolling patients and progressing. 

In November 2024, the Company announced promising
preliminary results of the Phase I Clinical Trial of Pembrolizumab (KEYTRUDA and LYMPHIR in cancer patients with recurrent
solid tumors conducted at the University of Pittsburg Hillman Cancer Center. 

Preliminary Results 

The results of this chemotherapy-free regimen
combining two immuno-modulator agents, pembrolizumab (anti-PD-1) and LYMPHIR (transient Treg depletion) demonstrated: 

An overall response rate (ORR) of 27 (4/15)
and a clinical benefit rate of 33 (5/15) among evaluable patients; and, 

Median progression-free survival (PFS) for patients
achieving clinical benefit of 57 weeks, with a range of 30 to 96 weeks. 

Notably, two of the four patients who achieved
partial remission had received prior checkpoint inhibitors (i.e. anti-PD-1 therapy). This highlights the therapeutic potential of LYMPHIR
plus immune checkpoint inhibitors to be effective in patients who fail prior anti-PD-1/L1 therapy. 

5 

The trial enrolled 21 patients with recurrent
or metastatic solid tumors. Among the evaluable participants, four patients achieved a partial response, and one patient demonstrated
durable stable disease lasting over six months. The combination regimen was generally well tolerated, with most adverse events related
to the patients underlying disease. Importantly, no significant immune-related adverse events were observed, and only one case of dose-limiting
toxicity (capillary leak syndrome) was reported at the highest dose level (12 mcg/kg). 

Table 1: Efficacy Data 

Value 
 
 Patients Enrolled 
 21 
 
 Patients Evaluable for Response 
 15 
 
 Partial Responses (PR) 
 4 (27 
 
 Stable Disease 6 months) 
 1 
 
 Clinical Benefit Rate (CBR) 
 33 (PR + SD 6 months) 
 
 Median Progression-Free Survival (PFS) 
 57 weeks (range: 30-96 weeks) 

Table 2: Safety Data 

Value 
 
 Dose-Limiting Toxicities (DLTs) 
 
 1 (Capillary Leak Syndrome at 12 mcg/kg) 
 
 Immune-Related Adverse Events (irAEs) 
 
 None documented Grade 3) 
 
 Adverse Events (Grade 3) 
 
 Most related to underlying disease 

Regulatory Development 

In the 1990s, denileukin diftitox was developed
at Boston University and the National Cancer Institute NCI in collaboration with Seragen, Inc. 

In 1999, ONTAK (denileukin diftitox) was
granted accelerated approval by the FDA for the treatment of persistent or recurrent CTCL. Ligand Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Ligand acquired the marketing rights in that same year. 

In 2006, Eisai acquired the commercial rights
to ONTAK from Ligand. 

In 2008, the FDA granted full approval to ONTAK
for CTCL. 

In 2011, a new formulation of denileukin diftitox
was developed under the code name E7777 in response to a post-marketing condition established by the FDA upon approval. As the FDA considered
this a new product, an Investigational New Drug Application IND was filed. As a part of ensuing discussions, the FDA agreed
to a development plan that included a single arm, open label study to confirm the safety and efficacy of E7777 and a chemistry, manufacturing,
and controls CMC development plan that demonstrates the new process results in a comparable drug product. 

In 2011, the FDA Office of Orphan Products Development
granted E7777 orphan drug designation status for the treatment of Peripheral T-Cell Lymphoma PTCL ). In 2013, the FDA Office
of Orphan Products Development granted E7777 orphan drug designation status for the treatment of CTCL. 

In 2013, the first patient was enrolled into the
lead-in phase of the pivotal study for the E7777 United States U.S. CTCL clinical trial. 

In 2014, commercial sales of ONTAK were discontinued
when the product was voluntarily withdrawn from the market due to manufacturing issues at the contract manufacturer. 

In 2015, the last patient enrolled exited the
lead-in phase of the E7777 U.S. CTCL clinical trial. 

In March 2016, Dr. Reddy s exclusively licensed
the global rights to E7777 from Eisai, other than the rights in countries retained by Eisai, which consists of Japan, China, Korea, Taiwan,
Hong Kong, Macau, Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia, Brunei, Singapore, India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Philippines, Vietnam, Myanmar, Cambodia,
Laos, Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Nepal, Mongolia and Papua New Guinea. The license included an option on the right to develop and
market the product in India prior to FDA approval. 

In June 2016, the first patient was enrolled in
the main phase of the Phase 3 U.S. CTCL clinical trial for E7777. 

In March 2020, Eisai filed a New Drug Application NDA for E7777 in Japan for both CTCL and PTCL, and in March 2021 received approvals in both indications. 

In September 2021, Citius Pharma acquired the
marketing rights to E7777 in selected markets. Citius Pharma subsequently renamed E7777 as LYMPHIR. 

6 

In December 2021, patient
enrollment for the Phase 3 Pivotal study of LYMPHIR was completed. 

In April 2022, we reported
that topline results from the Phase 3 trial were consistent with the prior formulation. Moreover, no new safety signals were identified. 

In December 2022, a biologics
license application BLA for LYMPHIR was accepted for filing with the FDA and a PDUFA goal date was set for July 28, 2023. 

In July 2023, the FDA
issued a complete response letter CRL requiring us to incorporate enhanced product testing and additional controls agreed
to with the FDA during the market application review. There were no concerns relating to the safety and efficacy clinical data package
submitted with the BLA, or the proposed prescribing information. 

In September 2023, we
announced that the FDA has agreed with the plans to address the requirements outlined in the complete response letter, which guidance
has provided the Company with a path for completing the necessary activities to support the resubmission of the BLA for LYMPHIR. 

In February 2024, based on the feedback from the
FDA, Citius Pharma completed the CRL remediation activities and filed the resubmission. 

In March 2024, Citius Pharma announced the acceptance
of the BLA by the FDA. The FDA assigned a PDUFA goal date of August 13, 2024 and approved LYMPHIR on August 8, 2024. 

In August 2024, Citius Pharma announced that the
FDA had approved LYMPHIR. 

Market Opportunity 

CTCL s are a heterogeneous subset of extranodal
non-Hodgkin lymphomas NHL of mature, skin-homing T-cells that are mainly localized to the skin. The most common types
of CTCL are mycosis fungoides MF and primary cutaneous CD30+ anaplastic large cell lymphoma (pcALCL), jointly representing
an estimated 80 to 85 of all CTCL. S zary Syndrome SS ), a very rare subtype (~2 to 5 of CTCL) characterized by
diffuse inflammatory, often exfoliative, erythroderma and by leukemic and nodal involvement, displays a significant degree of clinical
and biological overlap with MF and has long been considered a clinical variant of MF, although recent evidence suggests that it may be
a separate entity. The rest is represented by extremely rare, generally more aggressive subtypes. 

In light of the overlap between MF and SS, and
considering that many of the systemic therapy options for the two neoplasms are the same, some consider the treatment approach to MF and
SS as if they were a single disease entity (MF/SS). However, some of the drugs currently in use, or in development, for MF/SS appear to
be more effective in clearing different anatomical compartments (skin versus blood, for example) and therefore have differential efficacy
in MF and SS. 

Based on Surveillance Epidemiology and End Results
(SEER) data from 2001 to 2007, the estimated incidence rate of MF/SS in the U.S. is 0.5/100,000 or about 2,500 to 3,000 new cases per
year representing about 25 of all T-cell lymphomas. In total, the Company estimates that there are approximately 30,000 to 40,000 patients
living with CTCL in the U.S. 

Based on internal estimates, the Company believes
the addressable U.S. market for LYMPHIR exceeds 400,000,000 and may further expand with the introduction of a new therapeutic. 

Mino-Lok 

Overview 

Mino-Lok is a patented solution containing minocycline,
disodium ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (edetate), and ethyl alcohol, all of which act synergistically to treat and salvage infected
central venous catheters CVCs in patients with catheter related bloodstream infections CRBSIs ). Mino-Lok
breaks down biofilm barriers formed by bacterial colonies, eradicates the bacteria, and provides anti-clotting properties to maintain
patency in CVCs. 

The administration of Mino-Lok consists of filling
the lumen of the catheter with 0.8 ml to 2.0 ml of Mino-Lok solution. The catheter is then locked , meaning that the solution
remains in the catheter without flowing into the vein. The lock is maintained for a dwell-time of two hours while the catheter is not
in use. If the catheter has multiple lumens, all lumens may be locked with the Mino-Lok solution either simultaneously or sequentially.
If patients are receiving continuous infusion therapy, the catheters alternate between being locked with the Mino-Lok solution and delivering
therapy. The Mino-Lok therapy is two hours per day for at least five days, usually with two additional locks in the subsequent two weeks.
After locking the catheter for two hours, the Mino-Lok solution is aspirated, and the catheter is flushed with normal saline. At that
time, either the infusion will be continued, or will be locked with the standard-of-care lock solution until further use of the catheter
is required. In a clinical study conducted by MD Anderson Cancer Center MDACC ), there were no serum levels of either minocycline
or edetate detected in the sera of several patients who underwent daily catheter lock solution with minocycline and edetate M-EDTA at the concentration level proposed in Mino-Lok treatment. Thus, it has been demonstrated that the amount of either minocycline or edetate
that leaks into the serum is very low or none at all. 

7 

Phase 2b Results 

From April 2013 to July 2014, 30 patients with
CVC-related bloodstream infection were enrolled at MDACC in a prospective Phase 2b study. Patients received Mino-Lok therapy for two hours
once daily for a minimum of five days within the first week, followed by two additional locks within the next two weeks. Patients were
followed for one month post-lock therapy. Demographic information, clinical characteristics, laboratory data, therapy, as well as adverse
events and outcome were collected for each patient. Median age at diagnosis was 56 years (range: 21-73 years). In all patients, prior
to the use of lock therapy, systemic treatment with a culture-directed, first-line intravenous antibiotic was started. Microbiological
eradication was achieved at the end of therapy in all cases. None of the patients experienced any serious adverse event related to the
lock therapy. 

The active arm, which is the Mino-Lok treated
group of patients, was then compared to 60 patients in a matched cohort that experienced removal and replacement of their CVCs within
the same contemporaneous timeframe. The patients were matched for cancer type, infecting organism, and level of neutropenia. All patients
were cancer patients and treated at MDACC. The efficacy of Mino-Lok therapy was 100 in salvaging CVCs, demonstrating equal effectiveness
to removing the infected CVC and replacing it with a new catheter. 

The main purpose of the study was to show that
Mino-Lok therapy was at least as effective as the removal and replacement of CVCs when CRBSIs are present, and that the safety was better,
that is, the complications of removing an infected catheter and replacing with a new one could be avoided. In addition to having a 100 
efficacy rate with all CVCs being salvaged, Mino-Lok therapy had no significant adverse events SAEs ), compared to an 18 
SAE rate in the matched cohort where patients had the infected CVCs removed and replaced with a fresh catheter. There were no overall
complication rates in the Mino-Lok arm group compared to 11 patients with events (18 in the control group. These events included bacterial
relapse (5 at four weeks post-intervention, and a number of complications associated with mechanical manipulation in the removal or
replacement procedure for the catheter (10 or development of deep-seated infections such as septic thrombophlebitis and osteomyelitis
(8 ). As footnoted, six patients had more than one complication in the control arm group. 

Mino-Lok Arm 
 Control Arm 
 
 Parameter 
 N 
 ) 
 N 
 ) 
 
 Patients 
 30 
 (100 
 60 
 (100 
 
 Cancer type 

- Hematologic 
 20 
 (67 
 48 
 (80 
 
 - Solid tumor 
 10 
 (33 
 12 
 (20 
 
 ICU Admission 
 4 
 (13 
 4 
 (7 
 
 Mech.Ventilator 
 3 
 (10 
 0 
 (0 
 
 Bacteremia 

- Gram+ 
 17 
 (57 
 32 
 (53 
 
 - Gram- 
 14 
 (47 
 28 
 (47 
 
 Neutropenia 

1 Polymicrobial patient had a Gram+ and a Gram- organism cultured 

6 Patients had > 1 complication 

Source: Dr. Issam Raad, Antimicrobial Agents
and Chemotherapy, June 2016, Vol. 60 No. 6, Page 3429 

Phase 3 Trial 

In November 2016, the Company initiated site recruitment
for Phase 3 clinical trials. From initiation through the first quarter of 2017, the Company received input from several sites related
to the control arm as being less than standard-of-care for some of the respective institutions. The Company worked closely with the FDA
with respect to the design of the Phase 3 trial and received feedback on August 17, 2017. The FDA stated that they recognized that there
is an unmet medical need in salvaging infected catheters and agreed that an open label, superiority design would address the Company s
concerns and would be acceptable to meet the requirements of a new drug application. The Company amended the Phase 3 study design to remove
the saline and heparin placebo control arm and to use an active control arm that conforms with today s current standard-of-care.
Patient enrollment commenced in February 2018. 

The Mino-Lok Phase 3 Trial was originally planned
to enroll 700 patients in 50 participating institutions, all located in the U.S. There were interim analyses at both the 50 and 75 points
of the trial as measured by the number of patients treated. 

8 

In September 2019, the Company announced that
the FDA agreed to a new primary efficacy endpoint of time to catheter failure in comparing Mino-Lok to the antibiotic lock
control arm. This change in the trial design reduced the required patient sample size of the trial from 700 subjects to approximately
144 available subjects to achieve the pre-specified 92 catheter failure events needed to conclude the trial. Additionally, the Company
submitted a response to the FDA that it would implement this change in the primary endpoint and expected it to result in less than 150
subjects needed in its Phase 3 trial. The new primary endpoints require that the time to catheter failure be at least 38 days for Mino-Lok
versus 21 days for the standard of care antibiotic locks. 

In October 2019, the FDA agreed that the patient
sample size of approximately 144 patients was acceptable. 

In October 2019, the Company announced that the
Phase 3 trial had reached the 40 completion triggering an interim futility analysis by the data monitoring committee (the DMC ).
The DMC is an independent panel of experts that review progress regarding the safety and efficacy of drugs in clinical trials, and to
determine if the trial may be futile in achieving its endpoints or if the trial should be modified in any way. 

In December 2019, the DMC convened and recommended
that the trial continue with no changes because the analysis showed a positive outcome, as it met the prespecified interim futility analysis
criteria. 

In May 2020, we announced that we are providing
free access to Mino-Lok for healthcare providers under an Expanded Access protocol to ease the burden associated with the COVID-19 pandemic.
Through the Expanded Access protocol, an infected central venous catheter can now be treated with Mino-Lok, potentially avoiding the need
for the removal and replacement procedure. 

In June 2020, we announced that we had received
positive feedback from the FDA on our proposed catheter compatibility studies for Mino-Lok. The studies, if and when successfully completed,
should allow Mino-Lok to be labeled for use with all commercially available CVCs and peripherally inserted central catheters (PICCs) on
the U.S. market. We further assume that these studies will meet European and world standards. The ability to be labeled without restrictions
with respect to catheter type would allow Mino-Lok unrestricted access to the full U.S. and world markets for an effective antibiotic
lock therapy for central line associated blood stream infections CLABSIs ). 

In September 2020, we announced that another DMC
meeting was held to review the data being generated and analyzed in the Mino-Lok Phase 3 trial based on progress to date, and to make
recommendations to us as to any action that may be necessary regarding the study. After reviewing these data, the DMC members stated that
they did not find any safety signals; and they also recommended continuing the trial without any modifications. The DMC further conducted
an ad hoc meeting and agreed with the Company that a 75 interim analysis be conducted as planned in which superior efficacy is
evaluated. The 75 interim analysis was subsequently changed to a 65 interim analysis by the Company. 

In September 2020, the Company announced that
the three registration batches for all components of Mino Lok were manufactured and that clinical sites were resupplied with registration
product. 

In November 2020, the Company announced that the
three components of Mino-Lok, minocycline, disodium edetate EDTA ), and ethanol, were superior to EDTA and ethanol in their
ability to eradicate resistant staphylococcal biofilms. 

The 65 interim analysis was completed in June
2021. In July 2021, the Company announced that following an unblinded data review of safety and efficacy, the independent DMC for the
trial recommended proceeding with the trial as planned. The DMC did not identify any safety concerns and no modifications were recommended
to the protocol-defined sample size or power to achieve the primary endpoint. 

In May 2022, the Company selected Biorasi, LLC Biorasi ), a global clinical research organization CRO ), to help expand the Company s Phase 3 Mino-Lok
trial by implementing additional sites outside the U.S. As of December 15, 2023, there are 12 active sites in the U.S. currently including
such academic centers as Henry Ford Health Center, Georgetown University Medical Center, and others. There currently are 16 sites active
in India, making a total of 28 participating Mino-Lok institutions globally. 

In August 2023, the Company announced all 92 events
required to complete the trial have been achieved. Several patients remain in active treatment, which may result in additional events. 

In late December 2023, the Company determined
that patient enrollment for the Mino-Lok trial was complete and that it would begin site shutdown activities. 

In May 2024, the Company announced positive topline
results of the trial. The study met its primary endpoint with a statistically significant improvement in the time to failure event in
patients receiving Mino-Lok compared to Control arm patients receiving clinician-directed anti-infective lock solution. The data demonstrates
that Mino-Lok is well-tolerated. 

In November 2024, the Company held a Type C meeting
with the FDA to discuss the results of the Phase 3 study and to obtain the FDA s view on development plans for Mino-Lok. The FDA
provided clear, constructive, and actionable guidance during the discussion, underscoring a pathway to support a future New Drug Application
(NDA) submission for Mino-Lok. 

9 

Fast Track Designation 

In October 2017, the Company received official
notice from the FDA that the investigational program for Mino-Lok was granted Fast Track status. Fast Track is a designation
that expedites FDA review to facilitate development of drugs which treat a serious or life-threatening condition and fill an unmet medical
need. A drug that receives Fast Track designation is eligible for the following: 

More frequent meetings with the FDA to discuss the drug s development plan and ensure collection of appropriate data needed to support drug approval; 

More frequent written correspondence from the FDA about the design of the clinical trials; 

Priority review to shorten the FDA review process for a new drug from ten months to six months; and 

Rolling review, which means we can submit completed sections of our NDA for review by the FDA, rather than waiting until every section of the application is completed before the entire application can be submitted for review. 

Mino-Lok International Study 

In October 2017, data from an international study
on Mino-Lok was presented at the Infectious Disease Conference, ID Week ), in San Diego, California. The 44-patient study
was conducted in Brazil, Lebanon and Japan and showed Mino-Lok therapy was an effective intervention to salvage long-term, infected CVCs
in CRBSIs in patients who had cancer with limited vascular access. This study showed 95 effectiveness for Mino-Lok therapy in achieving
microbiological eradication of the CVCs as compared to 83 for the control. The single failure in the Mino-Lok arm was due to a patient
with Burkholderia cepacia that was resistant to all antibiotics tested. 

Stability Patent Application for Mino-Lok 

In October 2018, the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office USPTO issued U.S. Patent No. 10,086,114, entitled Antimicrobial Solutions with Enhanced Stability. 
On October 9, 2019, the European Patent Office EPO granted European Patent No. 3370794, entitled Antimicrobial
Solutions with Enhanced Stability. The grant of this European patent strengthens the intellectual property protection for Mino-Lok
through November of 2036. This invention overcomes limitations in mixing antimicrobial solutions in which components have precipitated
because of physical and/or chemical factors, thus limiting the stability of the post-mix solutions. The scientists and technologists at
MDACC have been able to improve the stability of the post-mixed solutions through adjustments of the post-mixed pH of the solution. This
may allow for longer storage time of the ready-to-use solution. Citius Pharma holds the exclusive worldwide license which provides access
to this patented technology for development and commercialization of Mino-Lok. 

Market Opportunity 

In spite of best clinical practice, catheters
contribute to approximately 70 of blood stream infections that occur in the intensive care unit or are associated with hemodialysis or
cancer patients (approximately 470,000 per year). Bacteria enter the catheter either from the skin or intraluminally through the catheter
hub. Once in the catheter, bacteria tend to form a protective biofilm on the interior surface of the catheter that is resistant to most
antimicrobial solutions. The most frequently used maintenance flush, heparin, actually stimulates biofilm formation. Heparin is widely
used as a prophylactic lock solution, in spite of the evidence that it contributes to the promotion of biofilm formation. The formation
of bacterial biofilm usually precedes CRBSIs. 

The standard of care in the management of CRBSI
patients consists of removing the infected CVC and replacing it with a new catheter at a different vascular access site. However, in cancer
and hemodialysis patients with long-term surgically implantable silicone catheters, removal of the CVC and reinsertion of a new one at
a different site might be difficult, or even impossible, because of the unavailability of other accessible vascular sites and the need
to maintain infusion therapy. Furthermore, critically ill patients with short-term catheters often have underlying coagulopathy, which
makes reinsertion of a new CVC at a different site, in the setting of CRBSIs, risky in terms of mechanical complications, such as pneumothorax,
misplacement, or arterial puncture. Studies have also revealed that CRBSI patients may be associated with serious complications, including
septic thrombosis, endocarditis and disseminated infection, particularly if caused by Staphylococcus aureus or Candida species.
Furthermore, catheter retention in patients with CRBSIs is associated with a higher risk of relapse and poor response to antimicrobial
therapy. 

According to Maki et al., published in the Mayo
Clinic Proceedings in 2006, there are approximately 250,000 CRBSIs annually in the U.S. Subsequent to this study, our estimates have
ranged upwards to over 450,000 CLABSIs annually (see analysis in the table below). CRBSIs are associated with a 12 to 35 mortality rate
and an attributable cost of 35,000 to 56,000 per episode. 

10 

We estimate that the potential market for Mino-Lok
in the U.S. to be approximately 500 million to 1 billion as shown in the table below based on a target price of up to 400 per dose
of each salvage flush treatment. 

Short-Term CVC 
 Long-Term CVC 
 Total 
 
 No. of Catheters 
 3 million 
 4 million 
 7 million 
 
 Avg. Duration (Days) 
 12 
 100 
 N/A 
 
 Catheter Days 
 36 million 
 400 million 
 436 million 
 
 Infection Rate 
 2/1,000 days 
 1/1,000 days 
 N/A 
 
 Catheters Infected 
 72,000 
 400,000 
 472,000 
 
 Flushes/Catheter 
 5 
 7 
 6.7 
 
 Total Salvage Flushes 
 360,000 
 2,800,000 
 3,160,000 

Sources: Ann Intern Med 2000; 132:391-402,
Clev Clin J Med 2011; 78(1):10-17, JAVA 2007; 12(1):17-27, J Inf Nurs 2004;27(4):245-250, Joint Commission website Monograph, CLABSI and
Internal Estimates. 

Under various plausible pricing scenarios, we
believe that Mino-Lok would be cost-saving to the healthcare system given that the removal of an infected CVC and replacement of a new
catheter in a different venous access site is estimated by us to cost between 8,000 and 10,000. Furthermore, there are potential additional
medical benefits, a reduction in patient discomfort and avoidance of serious adverse events with the Mino-Lok approach since the catheter
remains in place and is not subject to manipulation. We believe there will be an economic argument to enhance the adoption of Mino-Lok
by infection control committees at acute care institutions. 

In January of 2017, we commissioned a primary
market research study with MEDACore, a subsidiary of Leerink, a healthcare focused network with more than 35,000 healthcare professionals,
including key opinion leaders, experienced practitioners and other healthcare professionals throughout North America, Europe, Asia and
other locations around the world. This network includes approximately 55 clinical specialties, 21 basic sciences and 20 business specialties.
As part of this market research project, we commissioned a third-party survey of 31 physicians to qualify the need for catheter salvage
in patients with infected, indwelling central venous lines, especially when the catheter is a tunneled or an implanted port. There were
19 infectious disease experts and 12 intensivists surveyed who all agreed that salvage would be preferable to catheter exchange to avoid
catheter misplacements, blood clots, or vessel punctures that can potentially occur during reinsertion. Most were also concerned that
viable venous access may not be available in patients who were vitally dependent on a central line. 

Halo-Lido 

Overview 

Halo-Lido is a topical formulation of halobetasol
propionate, a corticosteroid, and lidocaine that is intended for the treatment of hemorrhoids. To our knowledge, there are currently no
FDA-approved prescription drug products for the treatment of hemorrhoids. Some physicians are known to prescribe topical steroids for
the treatment of hemorrhoids. In addition, there are various topical combination prescription products containing halobetasol propionate
along with lidocaine or pramoxine, each a topical anesthetic, that are prescribed by physicians for the treatment of hemorrhoids. These
products contain drugs that were in use prior to the start of the Drug Efficacy Study Implementation DESI program and
are commonly referred to as DESI drugs. However, none of these single-agent or combination prescription products have been clinically
evaluated for safety and efficacy and approved by the FDA for the treatment of hemorrhoids. Further, many hemorrhoid patients use over
the counter OTC products as their first line therapy. OTC products contain any one of several active ingredients including
glycerin, phenylephrine, pramoxine, white petrolatum, shark liver oil and/or witch hazel, for symptomatic relief. 

Development of Hemorrhoids Drugs 

Hemorrhoids are a common gastrointestinal disorder,
characterized by anal itching, pain, swelling, tenderness, bleeding and difficulty defecating. In the U.S., hemorrhoids affect nearly
5 of the population, with approximately 10 million persons annually admitting to having symptoms of hemorrhoidal disease. Of these persons,
approximately one third visit a physician for evaluation and treatment of their hemorrhoids. The data also indicate that for both sexes
a peak of prevalence occurs from age 45 to 65 years with a subsequent decrease after age 65 years. Caucasian populations are affected
significantly more frequently than African Americans, and increased prevalence rates are associated with higher socioeconomic status in
men but not women. Development of hemorrhoids before age 20 is unusual. In addition, between 50 and 90 of the general U.S., Canadian
and European population will experience hemorrhoidal disease at least once in life. Although hemorrhoids and other anorectal diseases
are not life-threatening, individual patients can suffer from agonizing symptoms which can limit social activities and have a negative
impact on the quality of life. 

Hemorrhoids are defined as internal or external
according to their position relative to the dentate line. Classification is important for selecting the optimal treatment for an individual
patient. Accordingly, physicians use the following grading system referred to as the Goligher s classification of internal hemorrhoids: 

Grade I 
 Hemorrhoids not prolapsed but bleeding. 

Grade II 
 Hemorrhoids prolapse and reduce spontaneously with or without bleeding. 

Grade III 
 Prolapsed hemorrhoids that require reduction manually. 

Grade IV 
 Prolapsed and cannot be reduced including both internal and external hemorrhoids that are confluent from skin tag to inner anal canal. 

11 

Development Activities to Date 

In the fall of 2015, we completed dosing patients
in a double-blind dose ranging placebo-controlled Phase 2a study where six different formulations containing hydrocortisone and lidocaine
in various strengths were tested against the vehicle control. The objectives of this study were to: (1) demonstrate the safety and efficacy
of the formulations when applied twice daily for two weeks in subjects with Grade I or II hemorrhoids, and (2) assess the potential contribution
of lidocaine hydrochloride and hydrocortisone acetate, alone or in combination for the treatment of symptoms of Goligher s Classification
Grade I or II hemorrhoids. 

Symptom improvement was observed based on a global
score of disease severity GSDS and based on some of the individual signs and symptoms of hemorrhoids, specifically itching
and overall pain and discomfort. Within the first few days of treatment, the combination products (containing both hydrocortisone and
lidocaine) were directionally favorable versus the placebo and their respective individual active treatment groups (e.g., hydrocortisone
or lidocaine alone) in achieving almost symptom free or symptom free status according to the GSDS scale. These
differences suggested the possibility of a benefit for the combination product formulation. As a result of this study, we determined that
the performance of the active arms of the study relative to the vehicle could be improved by re-formulating our topical preparation. Therefore,
we initiated work on vehicle formulation and evaluation of higher potency steroids. 

Overall, results from adverse event reporting
support the safety profile of all test articles evaluated in this study and demonstrate similar safety profiles as compared to the vehicle.
The safety findings were unremarkable. There was a low occurrence of adverse events and a similar rate of treatment related adverse events
across all treatment groups. The majority of adverse events were mild and only one was severe. None of the adverse events were an SAE
and the majority of adverse events were recovered/resolved at the end of the study. There were only two subjects who were discontinued
from the study due to adverse events. 

As part of this Phase 2 trial, information was
obtained relating to the use of the GSDS as an assessment tool for measuring the effectiveness of the test articles. Individual signs
and symptoms were also assessed but can vary from patient to patient. Therefore, the goal of the GSDS was to provide an assessment tool
that could be used for all patients regardless of which signs and symptoms they are experiencing. The GSDS proved to be a more effective
tool for assessing the severity of the disease and the effectiveness of the drug when compared to the assessment of the individual signs
and symptoms. 

We developed this assessment tool as well as other
patient reported outcome endpoints for use in the recently begun Phase 2b trial and in subsequent trials. In June and July 2016, we engaged
the Dominion Group, a leading provider of healthcare and pharmaceutical marketing research services. The primary market research was conducted
to understand the symptoms that are most bothersome to patients better in order to develop meaningful endpoints for the clinical trials.
We also learned about the factors that drive patients to seek medical attention for hemorrhoids in an effort to understand the disease
impact on quality of life. The results of this survey, along with the information from the Phase 2b trial, allowed us to develop our patient
reported outcome evaluation tool, ePro. This tool can be used in clinical trials to evaluate the patients conditions and to assess
the performance of the test articles. 

In March 2018, we announced that we had selected
a higher potency corticosteroid in our steroid/anesthetic topical formulation program for the treatment of hemorrhoids. The original topical
preparation, which we referred to as Hydro-Lido or CITI-001, which was used in the Phase 2a study, was a combination of hydrocortisone
acetate and lidocaine hydrochloride. The new formulation, CITI-002, which we refer to as Halo-Lido, combine lidocaine with the higher
potency corticosteroid halobetasol propionate for symptomatic relief of the pain and discomfort of hemorrhoids. 

We held a Type C meeting with the FDA in December
2017 to discuss the results of the Phase 2a study and to obtain the FDA s view on development plans to support the potential formulation
change for the planned Phase 2b study. We also requested the FDA s feedback on our Phase 2b study design, including target patient
population, inclusion/exclusion criteria, and efficacy endpoints. The pre-clinical and clinical development programs for CITI-002 are
planned to be similar to those conducted for the development of CITI-001 to support the design for a planned Phase 3 clinical trial. 

CITI-002 Phase 2b Trial Overview 

Approximately 300 adults with a clinical diagnosis
of symptomatic hemorrhoids were enrolled in the Halo-Lido Phase 2b study (NCT05348200), a multi-center, randomized, dose-ranging, double-blind,
parallel group comparison clinical trial, which was initiated in April 2022. The study assessed a high dose (CITI-002H) and low dose (CITI-002L)
formulation of the combination drug products in comparison to the single active drug monads: high dose halobetasol, low dose halobetasol
and lidocaine. 

Recently,
there has been a shift from the use of traditional clinical analysis and outcomes to patients perspectives and patients 
experiences in assessing treatment efficacy. Following the 21 st Century Cures Act, higher emphasis is placed on using
Patient Reported Outcome PRO instruments in clinical trials. Currently, for hemorrhoidal disease, there are no
validated clinical outcomes assessment COA tools available in the U.S. The FDA directed Citius Pharma to develop a fit
for purpose PRO instrument to assess the efficacy of treatments in this disease. Symptom intensity and impact data (Hemorrhoid
Quality of Life Index or HQLI were recorded by patients utilizing a proprietary mobile-enabled PRO instrument developed
by the Company for this study. 

Data collected using the HQLI was analyzed to
derive a meaningful change threshold MCT to test for the change in hemorrhoidal symptoms considered relevant to the patient
during and following treatment. 

12 

CITI-002 Phase 2b Trial Results 

In June 2023, we announced positive results from
the Phase 2b study of Halo-Lido for the treatment of hemorrhoids. Treatment effect on hemorrhoidal symptoms was analyzed using the MCT.
At the end of the seven-day treatment period, 42 of the patients in the high dose CITI-002 (CITI-002H) group reached MCT compared to
patients treated with high dose halobetasol alone (29 or patients treated with lidocaine alone (21 ). Moreover, proportionally more
patients in the CITI-002H cohort reported meaningful and statistically significant improvement as compared to patients treated with lidocaine
alone CMH test, p = 0.035 ). 

We additionally assessed clinical treatment efficacy
outcomes during seven-day treatment and seven-day follow-up periods using an analysis of covariance, which analyzed changes from baseline.
Substantial improvements were seen across all active treatment groups. Although no statistical significance was determined in the changes
between the comparison groups, directionally the data signaled that the combination products provided faster relief compared to individual
monads, and the relief persisted after completing treatment. 

In addition, results from the study indicated
that there were no material clinical safety concerns across the five active treatment groups during the seven-day treatment or follow-up
periods. There were no serious adverse events reported. 

Data from the Phase 2b trial confirmed that the
HQLI is appropriate to measure patient-reported changes in hemorrhoidal symptoms. Consequently, Citius Pharma believes the instrument
can be used in future Phase 3 trial development. Citius Pharma is actively pursuing intellectual property protections for its groundbreaking
work in developing the fit for purpose PRO instrument and has filed patent applications on its CITI-002 formulations. 

Based on the positive clinical results utilizing
the Meaningful Change Threshold analysis, Citius Pharma had a Phase 2 meeting with the FDA in April 2024 to
discuss the go-forward path for the program . 

Market Opportunity 

The current market for OTC and topical prescription Rx products for the symptomatic treatment of hemorrhoids is highly fragmented and includes approximately 20 million units
of OTC and over 4 million prescriptions. None of the Rx products have received FDA approval and are only available due to the DESI program,
which started decades ago after enactment of the 1962 Kefauver-Harris Drug Amendments. These DESI products have no FDA reviewed evidence
of efficacy or safety and may be subject to withdrawal if an approved product were to be introduced. Several topical combination prescription
products for the treatment of hemorrhoids are available containing hydrocortisone in strengths ranging from 0.5 to 3.0 , combined with
lidocaine in strengths ranging from 1.0 to 3.0 . The various topical formulations include creams, ointments, gels, lotions, enemas, pads,
and suppositories. The most commonly prescribed topical combination gel is sold as a branded generic product and contains 2.5 hydrocortisone
and 3.0 lidocaine. 

We believe there are currently no FDA-approved
prescription drug products for the treatment of hemorrhoids. Although there are numerous Rx and OTC products commonly used to treat hemorrhoids,
none possess proven safety and efficacy data generated from rigorously conducted clinical trials. We believe that a novel topical formulation
of halobetasol propionate and lidocaine designed to provide anti-inflammatory and anesthetic relief and which has an FDA-approved label
specifically claiming the treatment of hemorrhoids will become an important treatment option for physicians who want to provide their
patients with a therapy that has demonstrated safety and efficacy in treating this uncomfortable and often recurring disease. We believe
that our Halo-Lido product represents an attractive, low-risk product opportunity with meaningful upside potential. 

Market Exclusivity 

We believe that we will be the first company to
conduct rigorous clinical trials and receive FDA approval of a topical corticosteroid-lidocaine combination product for the treatment
of hemorrhoids. If we receive FDA approval, we will qualify for three years of market exclusivity for our dosage strength and formulation.
In addition, we will also be the only product on the market specifically proven to be safe and effective for the treatment of hemorrhoids.
Generally, if a company conducts clinical trials and receives FDA approval of a product for which there are similar, but non FDA-approved,
prescription products on the market, the manufacturers of the unapproved but marketed products are required to withdraw them from the
market. However, the FDA has significant latitude in determining how to enforce its regulatory powers in these circumstances. We have
not had any communication with the FDA regarding this matter and cannot predict what action, if any, the FDA will take with respect to
the unapproved products. 

We believe that should Halo-Lido demonstrate,
proven safety and efficacy data and receive FDA approval, and if Halo-Lido obtains three years of market exclusivity based on our dosage
strength and formulation, we are likely to have a meaningful advantage in our pursuit of achieving a significant position in the market
for topical combination prescription products for the treatment of hemorrhoids. 

13 

NoveCite 

Overview 

In October 2020, we, through our subsidiary, NoveCite,
signed an exclusive agreement with Novellus Therapeutics Limited Novellus to license iPSC-derived mesenchymal stem cells
(iMSCs). Under this worldwide exclusive license, we are focused on developing cellular therapies. Specifically, we are seeking to develop
and commercialize the NoveCite mesenchymal stem cells NC- i MSCs to treat acute respiratory conditions with a near
term focus on ARDS. 

NC- i MSCs are the next generation mesenchymal
stem cell therapy. We believe them to be differentiated and superior to donor-derived MSCs. Human donor-derived MSCs are sourced from
human bone marrow, adipose tissue, placenta, umbilical tissue, etc. and have significant challenges (e.g., variable donor and tissue sources,
limited supply, low potency, inefficient and expensive manufacturing). NC-iMSCs overcome these challenges because they: 

Are more potent and secrete exponentially higher levels of immunomodulatory proteins; 

Have practically unlimited supply for high doses and repeat doses; 

Are from a single donor and clonal so they are economically produced at scale with consistent quality and potency, as well as being footprint free (compared to viral reprogramming methods); and 

Have a significantly higher expansion capability. 

Several cell therapy companies using donor-derived
MSC therapies in treating ARDS have demonstrated that MSCs reduce inflammation, enhance clearance of pathogens and stimulate tissue repair
in the lungs. Almost all these positive results are from early clinical trials or under the FDA s emergency authorization program. 

In December 2020, the Company announced interim
data from a proof-of-concept POC large animal study of its proprietary NC-iMSC therapy. The available results of NC-iMSC
therapy in the study show improvement in critical parameters, such as improved oxygenation, less systemic shock, and reduced lung injury,
compared to the control group. The study was conducted in a widely accepted large animal model. 

In the third quarter of 2021, the Company completed
the characterization and expansion of its NC-iMSC accession cell bank (ACB) at Waisman Biomanufacturing at the University of Wisconsin-Madison
to create a cGMP master cell bank (MCB). 

In July 2021, Novellus was acquired by Brooklyn
ImmunoTherapeutics, Inc. Brooklyn ). Pursuant to this transaction, the NoveCite license was assumed by Brooklyn with all
of the original terms and conditions in the exclusive license agreement. 

In October 2022, Brooklyn changed its name to
Eterna Therapeutics Inc. 

Market Opportunity 

Globally, there are 3 million cases of ARDS every
year, out of which approximately 200,000 cases are in the U.S. The COVID-19 outbreak has added significantly to the number of ARDS cases.
Once COVID-19 patients advance to ARDS, they are put on mechanical ventilators. Death rate among patients on ventilators can be as high
as 50 depending on associated co-morbidities. There are no approved treatments for ARDS, and the current standard of care only attempts
to provide symptomatic relief. 

Sales and Marketing 

We are primarily focused on identifying opportunities
within the critical care and cancer care market segments. In our product acquisition criteria, we concentrate on markets that are highly
influenced by key opinion leaders, commonly referred to as KOLs, and in which products are prescribed by a relatively small number of
physicians, yet provide opportunities for growth and market share. This strategy allows for a manageable commercialization effort for
our Company in terms of resources and capital. We also seek to provide cost-effective therapies that would be endorsed by payers, patients,
and providers. We believe that we will be able to commercialize products within the scope of these criteria ourselves, and that we can
create marketing synergies by having a common narrow audience for our marketing efforts several products in the bag for the same
customer ). 

For our product candidates that fall out of the
narrow scope criteria, we have identified pharmaceutical companies with large sales forces, experienced sales and marketing management
teams, direct-to-consumer capabilities, significantly larger resources than ours, and non-competing product portfolios that we believe
would make excellent sales and marketing partners. We intend to license our mass audience, non-specialty product candidates to such companies
for sales and marketing. 

LYMPHIR Sales and Marketing 

Citius Oncology does not currently have its own
commercial infrastructure and is in the process of developing its sales or marketing capability by contracting with a large third-party
commercial sales and marketing organization with an existing commercial infrastructure and product launch experience to assist in its
commercial efforts. Citius Oncology intends to utilize a dedicated field force combined with various marketing programs which will be
tailored to both physicians and patients to launch LYMPHIR and grow its market share. We, through Citius Oncology, plan to focus our commercial
efforts on a concentrated group of prescribing hematologists, oncologists and dermatologist-oncologists, along with key opinion leaders
and advocacy groups who play an important role in the CTCL treatment regimen. 

In September 2024, the Company announced the inclusion
of LYMPHIR in the National Comprehensive Cancer Network NCCN guidelines and compendia. LYMPHIR was included bases on an
NCCN Category 2A recommendation which indicates a uniform NCCN consensus that LYMPHIR is appropriate as an option for patients with CTCL.
The Company believes that LYMPHIR s addition to the NCCN guidelines will assist LYMPHIR in obtaining coverage and reimbursement
from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS ). 

14 

Intellectual Property 

We rely on a combination of patent, trade secret,
copyright, and trademark laws, as well as confidentiality, licensing and other agreements, to establish and protect our proprietary rights.
Our policy is to actively seek to obtain, where appropriate, the broadest intellectual property protection possible for our current product
candidates and any future product candidates both in the U.S. and abroad. However, patent protection may not provide us with complete
protection against competitors who seek to circumvent our patents. To help protect our proprietary know-how that is not patentable, and
for inventions for which patents may be difficult to enforce, we currently rely and will in the future rely on trade secret protection
and confidentiality agreements to protect our interests. 

LYMPHIR Intellectual Property 

On September 3, 2021, Citius Pharma acquired the
exclusive license of E7777 (denileukin diftitox), a late-stage oncology immunotherapy for the treatment of CTCL, from Dr. Reddy s,
who had exclusively licensed it previously from Eisai. The exclusive license, which was amended as part of the transaction, is with Eisai
and includes rights to develop and commercialize LYMPHIR in all markets except for Japan, China, Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau, Indonesia,
Thailand, Malaysia, Brunei, Singapore, India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Philippines, Vietnam, Myanmar, Cambodia, Laos, Afghanistan, Bangladesh,
Bhutan, Nepal, Mongolia, and Papua New Guinea. The license includes an option on the right to develop and market the product in India.
Citius Pharma renamed E7777 as I/ONTAK and also obtained the trade name LYMPHIR for the product. In April 2022, Citius Pharma assigned
the license agreement to SpinCo, at which time SpinCo began operations. Upon the completion of the Merger, SpinCo became a wholly owned
subsidiary of Citius Oncology. Citius Pharma remains a guarantor on all of Citius Oncology s payment obligations thereunder. 

Obligations to Eisai under the License Agreement 

Under the license agreement, Eisai is to receive
a 5.9 million development milestone payment upon initial approval by the FDA of LYMPHIR for the CTCL indication (which increases to 6.9
million in the event the Company exercises the option to add India to the licensed territory) and an aggregate of up to 22 million related
to the achievement of net product sales thresholds. Pursuant to the terms of the license agreement, through 2022, Citius Pharma reimbursed
Eisai for approximately 2.65 million of Eisai s costs to complete the ongoing Phase 3 pivotal clinical trial for LYMPHIR for the
CTCL indication and for all reasonable costs associated with the preparation of a BLA for LYMPHIR. The Company has accrued the 5.9 million
development milestone payment as of September 30, 2024. 

Pursuant to the terms of the license agreement,
Eisai was responsible for completing the current CTCL clinical trial, and chemistry, manufacturing and controls development activities
through the production of the BLA, which Citius Pharma filed with the FDA in September 2022. Citius Pharma is responsible for the costs
of correcting any major deficiencies in the BLA, as well as the costs of any further studies and development costs associated with potential
additional indications. 

The term of the license agreement will continue
until (i) March 30, 2026, if there has not been a commercial sale of a licensed product in the territory, or (ii) if there has been a
first commercial sale of a licensed product in the territory by March 30, 2026, the 10-year anniversary of the first commercial sale on
a country-by-country basis. The term of the license may be extended for additional 10-year periods for all countries in the territory
by notifying Eisai and paying an extension fee equal to 10 million. Either party may terminate the license agreement upon written notice
if the other party is in material breach of the agreement, subject to cure within the designated time periods. Either party also may terminate
the license agreement immediately upon written notice if the other party files for bankruptcy or takes related actions or is unable to
pay its debts as they become due. Additionally, either party will have the right to terminate the agreement if the other party directly
or indirectly challenges the patentability, enforceability, or validity of any licensed patent. 

The Company, through its subsidiary, is responsible
for preparing, filing, prosecuting, and maintaining all patent applications and patents included in the licensed patents that we intend
to pursue within the territory. 

Obligations to
Dr. Reddy s under the Asset Purchase Agreement 

The Company and Dr. Reddy s entered into
an asset purchase agreement whereby Dr. Reddy s transferred to the Company the then-existing patents, know-how, regulatory documentation
and other assets related to LYMPHIR and the Company agreed to assume certain liabilities associated with Dr. Reddy s development
of LYMPHIR. Under the terms of the asset purchase agreement with Dr. Reddy s and subsequent to the April 2022 assignment to SpinCo,
Citius Oncology, as guaranteed by Citius Pharma, will be obligated to pay up to an aggregate of 40 million related to CTCL approvals
in the U.S. and other markets, up to 70 million in development milestones for additional indications, and up to 300 million for commercial
sales milestones. Citius Oncology will also be obligated to pay on a fiscal quarter basis tiered royalties equal to low double-digit percentages
of net product sales (within a range of 10 to 15 ). The royalties will end on the earlier of (i) the 15-year anniversary of the first
commercial sale of the latest indication that received regulatory approval in the applicable country and (ii) the date on which a biosimilar
product results in the reduction of net sales in the applicable product by 50 in two consecutive quarters, as compared to the four quarters
prior to the first commercial sale of the biosimilar product. Citius Oncology will also pay to Dr. Reddy s an amount equal to a
low-thirties percentage of any sublicense upfront consideration or milestone payments (or the like) received by Citius Oncology and the
greater of (i) a low-thirties percentage of any sublicensee sales-based royalties or (ii) a mid-single digit percentage of such licensee s
net sales. 

15 

Also under the agreement with Dr. Reddy s,
the Company, through Citius Oncology, is required to (i) use commercially reasonable efforts to make commercially available products in
the CTCL indication, peripheral T-cell lymphoma indication and immuno-oncology indication, (ii) initiate two investigator initiated immuno-oncology
trials, (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to achieve each of the approval milestones, and (iv) complete each specified immuno-oncology
investigator trial on or before the four-year anniversary of the effective date of the definitive agreement. Additionally, the Company,
through Citius Oncology, is required to commercially launch a product in a territory within six months of receiving regulatory approval
for such product in each such jurisdiction. The Company, through Citius Oncology, is responsible for these and any and all further developmental
activities relating to LYMPHIR. 

Dr. Reddy s agreed to not compete against
the Company in the development of products containing compounds in LYMPHIR in the territory covered by the license for a designated period
of time. There are no termination provisions included in the asset purchase agreement other than those related to the term of the royalties.
To assist in the transfer of the LYMPHIR assets, the Company and Dr. Reddy s entered into a transition services agreement at the
closing of the transaction, which was in effect until March 2022. 

At the time of the FDA approval for LYMPHIR, a
 27.5 million milestone payment became payable for which a balance of 22.5 million remains due as of September 30, 2024. 

LYMPHIR Patents 

As part of the definitive
agreement with Dr. Reddy s, Citius Pharma acquired, and later transferred to Citius Oncology, the method of use patents in which
E7777 is administered in combination with the programmed cell death protein 1 PD-1 pathway inhibitor drug class. PD-1
plays a vital role in inhibiting immune responses and promoting self-tolerance through modulating the activity of T-cells, activating
apoptosis of antigen-specific T cells and inhibiting apoptosis of regulatory T cells. 

The following patents
were acquired: 

U.S. Provisional Application No. 63/070,645, which
was filed on August 26, 2020, and subsequently published as US 2022/0062390 A1 on March 3, 2022, entitled Methods of Treating Cancer.
Expiration date of August 23, 2041. 

International Patent Application Number: PCT/IB2021/0576733,
which was filed with the World Intellectual Property Organization on August 23, 2021 for Europe, and subsequently published as WO 2022/043863
A1 on March 3, 2022, entitled, Combination for Use in Methods of Treating Cancer. Expiration date of August 23, 2041. 

Mino-Lok Intellectual Property 

In May 2014, our subsidiary LMB entered into a
patent and technology license agreement with Novel Anti-Infective Therapeutics, Inc. NAT ), who licensed the intellectual
property from MDACC, to develop and commercialize Mino-Lok on an exclusive, worldwide (except for South America), sub-licensable basis.
LMB incurred a one-time license fee in May 2014. On March 20, 2017, LMB entered into an amendment to the license agreement that expanded
the licensed territory to include South America, providing LMB with worldwide rights. We are obligated to pay annual maintenance fees
that increase annually until reaching a designated amount, which we must pay until the first sale of product. We also must pay up to an
aggregate of approximately 1.1 million in milestone payments, depending on the achievement of various regulatory and commercial milestones.
Under the terms of the license agreement, we also must pay a royalty equal to mid-single digit percentages to low-double digit percentages
of net sales, depending on the level of sales in that year, and subject to downward adjustment to lower- to mid-single digit percentages
in the event there is no valid patent for the product in the country of sale at the time of sale. After the first sale of product, we
will owe an annual minimum royalty payment that will increase annually until reaching a designated amount, which we must pay for the duration
of the term. We will be responsible for all patent expenses for the term of the agreement although MDACC is responsible for filing, prosecution
and maintenance of all patents. 

16 

Unless earlier terminated by NAT based on the
failure to achieve certain development or commercial milestones, the license agreement remains in effect until the date that all patents
licensed under the agreement have expired and all patent applications within the licensed patent rights have been cancelled, withdrawn
or expressly abandoned. The license agreement will terminate in the event we breach any of our payment or reporting obligations or NAT
breaches any of its obligations under the agreement. NAT will have the right to terminate the agreement if we bring or participate in
an action to challenge NAT s ownership of any of the licensed patent rights. We may terminate the license agreement upon 180 days 
notice. The license agreement may also be terminated upon our and NAT s mutual consent. 

Mino-Lok is covered in relation to the composition
by issued U.S. patent No. 7,601,731, entitled Antimicrobial Flush Solutions, which was issued on October 13, 2009. Mino-Lok
is further covered in relation to its method of use by issued U.S. Patent No. 9,078,441, which was issued on July 14, 2015. The patents
provide intellectual property protection until June 7, 2024. There are corresponding patents granted in Europe and Canada (European Patent
No. EP 1644024, and Canadian Patent No. 2528522). 

Stability Patent Application for Mino-Lok 

In October 2018, the USPTO issued U.S. Patent
No. 10,086,114 (the 114 patent ), entitled Antimicrobial Solutions with Enhanced Stability. On October 9, 2019,
the European Patent Office EPO granted European Patent No. 3370794, which corresponds to the 114 patent. The grant
of these patents strengthens the intellectual property protection for Mino-Lok through November 2036. While the original patents for Mino-Lok
(discussed above) cover the basic composition, this invention overcomes limitations in mixing antimicrobial solutions in which components
have precipitated because of physical and/or chemical factors, thus limiting the stability of the post-mix solutions. The scientists and
technologists at MDACC have been able to improve the stability of the post-mixed solutions through adjustments of the post-mixed pH of
the solution. This may allow for longer storage time of the ready-to-use solution. As such, the patents claiming the enhanced stability
may effectively extend patent protection for Mino-Lok beyond the 2024 expiration of the original patents since it is expected that the
compositions providing enhanced stability would be preferred over any non-stabilized versions that a competitor may introduce after June
7, 2024. Citius Pharma holds the exclusive worldwide license which provides access to this patented technology for development and commercialization
of Mino-Lok. 

Mino-Lok has received a Qualified Infectious Disease
Product QIDP designation. The QIDP designation provides New Drug Applications an additional five years of market exclusivity,
which together with the potential three years of exclusivity for the new strength and formulation of Mino-Lok, would result in a combined
total of eight years of market exclusivity regardless of patent protection. 

Halo-Lido Intellectual Property 

We are developing Halo-Lido to have a unique combination
of excipients as well as unique concentrations of the active ingredients. The goal is to have a product that is optimized for stability
and activity. Once the formulation development is completed and data is obtained, we intend to apply for a patent on this new topical
formulation. 

We seek to achieve approval for Halo-Lido by utilizing
the FDA s 505(b)(2) pathway. This pathway allows an applicant to file an NDA that contains full reports of investigations of safety
and effectiveness, but where at least some of the information required for approval comes from prior studies not conducted by or for the
applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference to such prior third-party studies. This pathway would provide
three years of market exclusivity. 

NoveCite Intellectual Property 

In October 2020, we, through our subsidiary NoveCite,
Inc., entered into a license agreement with Novellus Therapeutics Limited, whereby NoveCite acquired an exclusive, worldwide license,
with the right to sublicense, to develop and commercialize a stem cell therapy based on Novellus s patented technology for the treatment
of acute pneumonitis of any etiology in which inflammation is a major agent in humans. The patented technology consists of mesenchymal
stem cells MSCs derived from an induced pluripotent stem cell line that is made by Novellus using the mRNA cell reprogramming
methods in the patents covering the licensed technology. 

Upon execution of the license agreement, NoveCite
paid an upfront payment of 5,000,000 and issued to Novellus shares of NoveCite s common stock representing 25 of NoveCite s
currently outstanding equity. We own the other 75 of NoveCite s currently outstanding equity. 

17 

NoveCite is obligated to pay Novellus up to an
aggregate of 51,000,000 in milestone payments upon the achievement of various regulatory and developmental milestones. NoveCite also
must pay on a fiscal quarter basis a royalty equal to low double-digit percentages of net sales, commencing upon the first commercial
sale of a licensed product. This royalty is subject to downward adjustment on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis to an
upper-single digit percentage of net sales in any country in the event of the expiration of the last valid patent claim or if no valid
patent claim exists in that country. The royalty will end on the earlier of (i) the date on which a biosimilar product is first marketed,
sold, or distributed by Novellus or any third party in the applicable country or (ii) the 10-year anniversary of the date of expiration
of the last-to-expire valid patent claim in that country. In the case of a country where no licensed patent ever exists, the royalty will
end on the later of (i) the date of expiry of such licensed product s regulatory exclusivity and (ii) the 10-year anniversary of
the date of the first commercial sale of the licensed product in the applicable country. In addition, NoveCite will pay to Novellus an
amount equal to a mid-twenties percentage of any sublicensee fees it receives. 

During the term of the license agreement, NoveCite
is required to use commercially reasonable efforts to make commercially available at least one product in at least two markets: the U.S.
and either the United Kingdom, France, Germany, China or Japan. Additionally, NoveCite shall (i) on or before the five-year anniversary
of the date of the license agreement, file an IND for a licensed product in the field of acute pneumonitis treatment and (ii) receive
regulatory approval for a licensed product in the field of acute pneumonitis treatment in the U.S. or in a major market country on or
before the ten-year anniversary of the date of the license agreement. 

Pursuant to the terms of the license agreement,
NoveCite has been granted a right of first negotiation to exclusively license the rights to any new products developed or acquired by
Novellus which cannot include MSC s, that may be used within the field of acute pneumonitis treatment. After receiving notice from
Novellus of the new product opportunity, NoveCite has 30 days to notify Novellus of its desire to negotiate a license agreement for the
new product. If such notice is given by NoveCite, the parties shall then have a period of 150 days from the date of Novellus s notice
to NoveCite to negotiate, exclusively and in good faith, the terms and conditions for the new product license agreement. 

The term of the license agreement will continue
on a country-by-country and licensed product-by-licensed product basis until the expiration of the last-to-expire royalty term for any
and all licensed products unless earlier terminated in accordance with its terms. Either party may terminate the license agreement upon
written notice if the other party is in material default or breach of the agreement, subject to cure within the designated time periods.
Either party also may terminate the license agreement if the other party files for bankruptcy or takes related actions or is unable to
pay its debts as they become due, subject to cure within the designated time period. Additionally, Novellus will have the right to terminate
the agreement if NoveCite directly or indirectly challenges the patentability, enforceability or validity of any licensed patent. NoveCite
may terminate the license agreement at any time without cause upon 90 days prior written notice. 

Novellus will be responsible for preparing, filing,
prosecuting and maintaining all patent applications and patents included in the licensed patents in the territory. Provided however, that
if Novellus decides that it is not interested in maintaining a particular licensed patent or in preparing, filing, or prosecuting a licensed
patent, it will promptly advise NoveCite in writing and NoveCite will have the right, but not the obligation, to assume such responsibilities
in the territory at NoveCite s sole cost and expense. 

During the term of the license agreement, Novellus
is prohibited from commercializing or exploiting (directly or indirectly) any product that includes mesenchymal stem cells for any purpose
in acute pneumonitis treatment (subject to certain sponsored research exceptions), or exploiting (directly or indirectly) or enabling
a third party to exploit, for any purpose in acute pneumonitis treatment or otherwise, the original licensed cell banks line or any GMP-grade
cell banks of a cell line derived therefrom and that can be used as starting material for the manufacture of products derived from the
licensed technology. During the term of the license agreement, each party is prohibited from soliciting any employee of the other party,
subject to certain exceptions. 

In July 2021, Novellus was acquired by Brooklyn.
Pursuant to this transaction, the NoveCite license was assumed by Brooklyn with all of its original terms and conditions. In October 2021,
Brooklyn changed its name to Eterna Therapeutics Inc. 

18 

Competition 

We operate in a highly competitive and regulated
industry which is subject to change. We face significant competition from organizations that are pursuing drugs that would compete with
the drug candidates that we are developing and the same or similar products that target the same conditions we intend to treat. Due to
our limited resources, we may not be able to compete successfully against these organizations, which include many large, well-financed
and experienced pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as academic and research institutions and government agencies. 

LYMPHIR Competition 

There are currently several approved targeted
therapeutics for patients with persistent or recurrent CTCL. However, there are limitations to these targeted therapies, which often are
discontinued due to toxicity, adverse events, or a limited duration of response due to resistance over time. Consequently, we believe
there continues to be an unmet medical need for patients with CTCL and an opportunity for LYMPHIR to be included among the treatment armamentarium
for advanced-stage CTCL. 

The following products are approved for the systemic
treatment of advanced CTCL: 

Mogamulizumab, sold under the brand name Poteligeo, is a humanized, afucosylated monoclonal antibody targeting CC chemokine receptor 4. The FDA approved it for treatment of relapsed or refractory mycosis fungoides and S zary disease. 

Brentuximab vedotin, sold under the brand name Adcetris, is an antibody-drug conjugate medication used to treat relapsed or refractory Hodgkin lymphoma and systemic anaplastic large cell lymphoma, a type of T-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma. It selectively targets tumor cells expressing the CD30 antigen, a defining marker of Hodgkin lymphoma and ALC. 

Romidepsin sold under the brand name Istodax, is a histone deacetylase HDAC inhibitor indicated for the treatment of CTCL in adult patients who have received at least one prior systemic therapy. 

Vorinostat sold under the brand name Zolinza, is a HDAC inhibitor indicated for the treatment of cutaneous manifestations in patients with CTCL who have progressive, persistent or recurrent disease on or following two systemic therapies. 

Mino-Lok Competition 

Currently, the only alternative to Mino-Lok in
the treatment of infected CVCs in CRBSI/CLABSI patients of which we are aware, is the standard of care of removing the culprit CVC and
replacing a new CVC at a different vascular site. The Company is not aware of any INDs for a salvage antibiotic lock solution and does
not expect any to be forthcoming due to the difficulty of meeting the necessary criteria to be effective and practical. 

At this time, there are no pharmacologic agents
approved in the U.S. for the prevention or treatment of CRBSIs or CLABSIs in central venous catheters. The Company is aware that there
are several agents in development for prevention but none for salvage. The most prominent of these appear to be Defencath from CorMedix
Inc. and B-Lock from Great Lakes Pharmaceuticals, Inc. GLP ). Neither of these lock solutions have been shown to be effective
in salvaging catheters in bacteremic patients as Mino-Lok is intended to do, and Citius Pharma does not expect that either would be pursued
for this indication. 

Defencath TM (CorMedix Inc.) 

Defencath is a formulation of Taurolidine 1.35 ,
Citrate 3.5 , and Heparin 1000 units/mL. Neutrolin is an anti-microbial catheter lock solution approved by the FDA in November 2023 to
reduce the incidence of catheter-related bloodstream infections (CRBSIs) for the limited population of adult patients with kidney failure
receiving chronic hemodialysis through a central venous catheter (CVC). Defencath was shown to reduce the risk of CRBSIs by up to 71 
in a Phase 3 clinical study. 

B-Lock (Great Lakes Pharmaceuticals,
Inc.) 

B-Lock is a triple combination of trimethoprim,
EDTA and ethanol from Great Lakes Pharmaceuticals, Inc. GLP ). On July 24, 2012, GLP announced the initiation of a clinical
study of B-Lock. We are unaware as to the progress or results of these studies. In addition, we are not aware of any IND being filed in
the U.S. for B-Lock, nor are we aware of any clinical studies to support salvage of infected catheters in bacteremic patients. 

There has been no further public information available
on GLP. GLP s web site and phone number are no longer active and the Company believes that they have ceased operations. 

19 

Halo-Lido Competition 

The primary competition in the hemorrhoid market
is non-prescription OTC products. If approved by the FDA, Halo-Lido would be the only prescription product for the treatment of hemorrhoids. 

NoveCite Competition 

There are multiple participants in the cell therapy
field both in the U.S. and abroad. We believe that the following companies most directly compete with NoveCite in our licensed field of
acute pneumonitis treatment. 

Cynata Therapeutics Limited develops and commercializes
a proprietary mesenchymal stem cell technology under the Cymerus brand for human therapeutic use in Australia. The company s lead
therapeutic product candidate is CYP-001, which has completed a Phase 1 clinical trial for the treatment of graft versus host disease.
Cynata also develops products for the treatment of asthma, heart attack, diabetic wounds, coronary artery disease, acute respiratory distress
syndrome, brain cancer, melanoma, sepsis, osteoarthritis, and critical limb ischemia, which are in a preclinical model. 

Athersys, Inc. is a biotechnology company that
focuses on the research and development activities in the field of regenerative medicine. Its clinical development programs are focused
on treating neurological conditions, cardiovascular diseases, inflammatory and immune disorders, and pulmonary and other conditions. The
company s lead platform product includes MultiStem cell therapy, an allogeneic stem cell product, which has an ongoing Phase 2/3
clinical trial for the treatment of ARDS and has an ongoing clinical trial in Japan for the treatment of RDS. The MultiStem therapy also
is in a Phase 3 clinical study for the treatment of patients suffering from neurological damage from an ischemic stroke, as well as in
a Phase 2 clinical study for the treatment of patients with acute myocardial infarction, and has completed a Phase 1 clinical study for
the treatment of patients suffering from leukemia or various other blood-borne cancers. The company has license and collaboration agreements
with Healios K.K. to develop and commercialize MultiStem cell therapy for ischemic stroke, acute respiratory distress syndrome, and ophthalmological
indications, as well as for the treatment of liver, kidney, pancreas, and intestinal tissue diseases; and the University of Minnesota
to develop MultiStem cell therapy platform. 

Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. operates as a bio-therapeutics
company in Israel. It focuses on the research, development, clinical trial, and manufacture of placental expanded (PLX) based cell therapeutic
products and related technologies for the treatment of various ischemic, inflammatory, and hematologic conditions, as well as autoimmune
disorders. A Phase 2 study of PLX cells as a treatment for severe COVID-19 cases complicated by acute respiratory distress syndrome has
been initiated in the U.S. as well as in Europe and Israel. 

Mesoblast Limited is a biopharmaceutical company
that develops and commercializes allogeneic cellular medicines. The company offers products in the areas of cardiovascular, spine orthopedic
disorder, oncology, hematology, and immune-mediated and inflammatory diseases. Its proprietary regenerative medicine technology platform
is based on specialized cells known as mesenchymal lineage adult stem cells. In April 2020, Mesoblast initiated a Phase 3 trial using
mesenchymal stromal cells for the treatment of moderate to severe COVID-19 acute respiratory distress syndrome. The trial was halted in
December 2020 after the Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) performed a third interim analysis on the trial s first 180 patients,
noting that the trial was not likely to meet the 30-day mortality reduction endpoint at the planned 300 patient enrolment. The trial was
powered to achieve a primary endpoint of 43 reduction in mortality at 30 days for treatment with remestemcelL on top of maximal care.
The DSMB recommended that the trial complete with the enrolled 222 patients, and that all be followed-up as planned. At follow-up through
day 60, remestemcel-L showed a positive but non-significant trend in overall mortality reduction across the entire population of treated
patients (n=217). In the pre-specified population of patients under age 65 (n=123), remestemcel-L reduced mortality through day 60 by
46 , but not in patients 65 or older (n=94). In an exploratory analysis through day 60, remestemcelL reduced mortality by 75 and increased
days alive off mechanical ventilation in patients under age 65 when combined with dexamethasone, in comparison with controls on dexamethasone. 

Supply and Manufacturing 

We do not currently have and we do not intend
to set up our own manufacturing facilities. We rely on and will continue to rely on approved contract manufacturers for manufacturing
our product candidates in all stages of development after we file for FDA approval. Each of our domestic and foreign contract manufacturing
establishments, including any contract manufacturers we may decide to use, must be listed in the NDA or the BLA, as applicable, and must
be registered with the FDA. Also, the FDA imposes substantial annual fees on manufacturers of branded products. 

20 

In general, our suppliers purchase raw materials
and supplies on the open market. Substantially all such materials are obtainable from a number of sources so that the loss of any one
source of supply would not have a material adverse effect on us. 

If we elect to conduct product development and
manufacturing, we will be subject to regulation under various federal and state laws, including the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, Occupational
Safety and Health Act, the Environmental Protection Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act,
the Controlled Substances Act and other present and potential future federal, state or local regulations. 

We have contracted with proven suppliers and manufacturers
for active pharmaceutical ingredients, development and packaging. We are confident that all materials meet or will meet specifications
discussed at the chemistry, manufacturing and controls meeting with the FDA. 

If we fail to raise additional capital, and as
a result are unable to abide by our contractual obligations with these third-party manufacturers and suppliers, including making timely
payment, the necessary third-party support to commercialize LYMPHIR could be delayed or terminated. 

Supply and Manufacturing of LYMPHIR 

We have either contracted directly or contracted
through Citius Oncology, to secure supply agreements with third-party cGMP facilities who are in compliance with current good manufacturing
practices as generally accepted by the FDA. We are confident that all drug substance and drug product materials meet or will meet specifications
as agreed with the FDA. 

We believe our contract manufacturers have sufficient
capacity to support demand for our products as our business grows. In addition to our supply agreements with third-party manufacturers,
we, through Citius Oncology, have contracted with other proven suppliers for, testing, labeling, packaging, and distribution of LYMPHIR. 

Regulation 

U.S. Government Regulation 

The research, development, testing, manufacture,
labeling, promotion, advertising, distribution, and marketing, among other things, of our product candidates, is extensively regulated
by governmental authorities in the U.S. and other countries. 

In the U.S., the FDA regulates drugs under the
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FDCA and the agency s implementing regulations. If the Company fails to
comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, including clinical testing, as well as
at any time before and after the approval process, we may become subject to administrative or judicial sanctions, or other actions, such
as the FDA s delay in review of or refusal to approve a pending NDA or BLA, withdrawal of an approval, imposition of a clinical
hold or study termination, issuance of Warning Letters or Untitled Letters, mandated modifications to promotional materials or issuance
of corrective information, requests for product recalls, consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, deferred prosecution agreements,
product seizures or detentions, refusal to allow product import or export, total or partial suspension of or restriction of or imposition
of other requirements relating to production or distribution, injunctions, fines, debarment from government contracts and refusal of future
orders under existing contracts, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, FDA debarment, restitution, disgorgement
or civil or criminal penalties, including fines and imprisonment. Any enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on the Company
and our operations. 

FDA Marketing Approval 

Before any one of the Company s drug product
candidates may be marketed in the U.S., it must be approved by the FDA. Obtaining FDA marketing approval for new products may take many
years and require the expenditure of substantial financial resources. In order for the FDA to determine that a product is safe and effective
for the proposed indication, the product must first undergo testing in animals (nonclinical studies). The data generated from nonclinical
studies is used to support the filing of an IND under which human studies are conducted. Human testing is generally conducted under an
IND in three phases following Good Clinical Practices GCP regulations: 

Phase 1 studies evaluate the safety and tolerability
of the drug, generally in normal, healthy volunteers; 

Phase 2 studies evaluate safety and efficacy,
as well as appropriate doses; these studies are typically conducted in patient volunteers who suffer from the particular disease condition
that the drug is designed to treat; and 

Phase 3 studies evaluate safety and efficacy
of the product at specific doses in one or more larger pivotal trials. 

21 

In addition to human testing, the manufacturing
process of the potential product must be developed in accordance with cGMP regulations. Prior to the approval of a new product, the FDA
will inspect the facilities at which the proposed drug product is manufactured to ensure cGMP compliance. 

The cumulative safety and efficacy data generated
from the clinical trials described above, chemistry, manufacturing and control CMC information, nonclinical study data
and proposed labeling are used as the basis to support approval of a marketing application (NDA or BLA) to the FDA. The preparation of
an NDA or BLA requires the expenditure of substantial funds and the commitment of substantial resources. Additionally, at the time of
an NDA or BLA submission a user fee is required (unless the product has ODD) to be paid. The FDA conducts a preliminary administrative
review upon receipt of the NDA or BLA submission, the FDA either accepts the NDA or BLA submission or does not. If the application is
not accepted for review by FDA, the Sponsor of the application must resolve the deficiencies and re-submit the application, re-starting
the review clock. 

After evaluating the NDA or BLA and all related
information, including the advisory committee recommendation, if any, and inspection reports regarding the manufacturing facilities and
clinical trial sites, the FDA may issue an approval letter, or, in some cases, a complete response letter CRL ). A CRL generally
contains a statement of specific conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval of the NDA or BLA and may require additional
clinical or preclinical studies, or other information, in order for FDA approval. Even with submission of this additional information,
the FDA may decide that the NDA or BLA does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. If and when those conditions have been met
to the FDA s satisfaction, the FDA may issue an approval letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug
with specific prescribing information for specific indications. 

The development and approval of new drugs requires
substantial time, effort and financial resources. Data obtained from the development program are not always conclusive and may be susceptible
to varying interpretations. These instances may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. The FDA may not grant approval on a timely
basis, or at all. We may encounter difficulties or unanticipated costs in our efforts to secure necessary governmental approvals, which
could delay or preclude us from marketing our products. The FDA may limit the indications for use or place other conditions on any approvals
that could restrict the commercial application of the product. 

FDA Post - Approval Considerations 

Drugs manufactured or distributed pursuant to
FDA approvals are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to recordkeeping,
manufacturing, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, advertising and promotion, and reporting of adverse experiences
with the product and drug shortages. During the approval process, the FDA and the sponsor may agree that specific studies or clinical
trials should be conducted as post-marketing commitments, but they are not required. The FDA may also impose post-marketing requirements
as a condition of approval of an NDA or BLA. For example, the FDA may require post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials
and surveillance, to further assess and monitor the product s safety and effectiveness after commercialization. Once an approval
is granted, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems
occur after the product becomes available in the market. 

After approval, most changes to the approved product,
such as manufacturing changes and adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to FDA review and approval. There are also
annual user fee requirements for any marketed product and new application fees for supplemental applications with clinical data. Additionally,
the FDA strictly regulates the labeling, advertising and promotion of products under an approved NDA or BLA. The FDA and other agencies
actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly
marketed or promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability, including criminal and civil penalties under the FDCA and
False Claims Act, exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs, debarment from government contracts, refusal of future
orders under existing contracts and mandatory compliance programs under corporate integrity agreements or deferred prosecution agreements. 

22 

Other Regulations of the Healthcare Industry 

In addition to FDA regulations governing the marketing
of pharmaceutical products, there are various other state and federal laws that may restrict business practices in the biopharmaceutical
industry. These include the following: 

The federal Anti-Kickback laws and implementing
regulations, which prohibit persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or
indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce either the referral of an individual, or furnishing or arranging for a good or service, for
which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 

Other Medicare laws, regulations, rules, manual
provisions and policies that prescribe the requirements for coverage and payment for services performed by our customers, including the
amount of such payment; 

The federal False Claims Act, which imposes civil
and criminal liability on individuals and entities who submit, or cause to be submitted, false or fraudulent claims for payment to the
government; 

The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ),
which prohibits certain payments made to foreign government officials; 

State and foreign law equivalents of the foregoing
and state laws regarding pharmaceutical company marketing compliance, reporting and disclosure obligations; 

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the Affordable Care
Act or ACA ), which among other things: changes access to healthcare products and services; creates new fees for the
pharmaceutical and medical device industries; changes rebates and prices for health care products and services; and requires additional
reporting and disclosure; 

The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, and its implementing regulations
(collectively, HIPAA ), which creates federal criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit
program and which also imposes certain obligations on entities with respect to the privacy, security and transmission of individually
identifiable health information; and 

The federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, which
requires certain pharmaceutical and biological manufacturers to engage in extensive tracking of payments or transfers of value to physicians
and teaching hospitals and public reporting of the payment data. 

If our operations are found to be in violation
of any of these laws, regulations, rules or policies or any other law or governmental regulation, or if interpretations of the foregoing
change, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs and the curtailment
or restructuring of our operations. 

To the extent that any of our products are sold
in a foreign country, we may be subject to similar foreign laws and regulations, which may include, for instance, applicable post-marketing
requirements, including safety surveillance, anti-fraud and abuse laws, and implementation of corporate compliance programs and reporting
of payments or transfers of value to healthcare professionals. This is currently not applicable as our only approved product is not currently
sold in a foreign country. 

Coverage and Reimbursement 

The commercial success of our product candidates
and our ability to commercialize any approved product candidates successfully will depend in part on the extent to which governmental
authorities, private health insurers and other third-party payers provide coverage for and establish adequate reimbursement levels for
our therapeutic product candidates. In the United States, the European Union and other potentially significant markets for our product
candidates, government authorities and third-party payers are increasingly imposing additional requirements and restrictions on coverage,
attempting to limit reimbursement levels or regulate the price of drugs and other medical products and services, particularly for new
and innovative products and therapies, which often has resulted in average selling prices lower than they would otherwise be. For example,
in the United States, federal and state governments reimburse covered prescription drugs at varying rates generally below average wholesale
price. Federal programs also impose price controls through mandatory ceiling prices on purchases by federal agencies and federally funded
hospitals and clinics and mandatory rebates on retail pharmacy prescriptions paid by Medicaid and Tricare. These restrictions and limitations
influence the purchase of healthcare services and products. Legislative proposals to reform healthcare or reduce costs under government
programs may result in lower reimbursement for our products and product candidates or exclusion of our products and product candidates
from coverage. Moreover, the Medicare and Medicaid programs increasingly are used as models for how private payers and other governmental
payers develop their coverage and reimbursement policies. 

In addition, the increased emphasis on managed
healthcare in the United States and on country and regional pricing and reimbursement controls in the European Union will put additional
pressure on product pricing, reimbursement and utilization, which may adversely affect our future product sales and results of operations.
These pressures can arise from rules and practices of managed care groups, competition within therapeutic classes, availability of generic
equivalents, judicial decisions and governmental laws and regulations related to Medicare, Medicaid and healthcare reform, coverage and
reimbursement policies and pricing in general. The cost containment measures that healthcare payers and providers are instituting and
any healthcare reform implemented in the future could significantly reduce our revenues from the sale of any approved products. We cannot
provide any assurances that we will be able to obtain and maintain third-party coverage or adequate reimbursement for our approved products
in whole or in part. 

23 

Healthcare Reform 

The United States and many foreign jurisdictions
have enacted or proposed legislative and regulatory changes affecting the healthcare system. The United States government, state legislatures
and foreign governments also have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid
healthcare costs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products for branded
prescription drugs. 

In recent years, Congress has considered reductions
in Medicare reimbursement levels for drugs administered by physicians. Further, the Center for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS ),
the agency that administers the Medicare and Medicaid programs, also has authority to revise reimbursement rates and to implement coverage
restrictions for some drugs. Cost reduction initiatives and changes in coverage implemented through legislation or regulation could decrease
utilization of and reimbursement for any approved products. While Medicare regulations apply only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries,
private payers often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates. Therefore, any
reduction in reimbursement that results from federal legislation or regulation may result in a similar reduction in payments from private
payers. 

The ACA substantially changed the way healthcare
is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacts the pharmaceutical industry. The ACA was intended to
broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against healthcare fraud and
abuse, add new transparency requirements for healthcare and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on pharmaceutical and
medical device manufacturers, and impose additional health policy reforms. Since its passage, there have been significant ongoing efforts
to modify or eliminate the ACA. 

The Trump administration pushed for modifications
to the ACA. In addition, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the TCJA ), enacted on December 22, 2017, repealed the shared responsibility
payment for individuals who fail to maintain minimum essential coverage under section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the IRC ), as amended, commonly referred to as the individual mandate. While the Biden administration has rolled back many
of the executive orders issued by former President Trump and has stated that it intends to build on the ACA and to expand coverage thereunder,
ongoing repeal and reform efforts impacting the ACA and the healthcare sector more broadly are likely under the upcoming Trump administration. 

Other legislative changes have been proposed and
adopted since passage of the ACA. These have, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals,
imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments
to providers. 

Further legislative and regulatory changes under
the ACA remain possible. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, enacted on August 16, 2022, includes several provisions to lower prescription
drug costs for Medicare patients and reduce drug spending by the federal government. It is unknown what form any future changes or any
law would take under the upcoming Trump Administration and how or whether it may affect our business in the future. We expect that changes
or additions to the ACA, the Medicare and Medicaid programs, changes allowing the federal government to directly negotiate drug prices
and changes stemming from other healthcare reform measures, especially with regard to healthcare access, financing or other legislation
in individual states, could have a material adverse effect on the healthcare industry. In addition, the Affordable Care Act has also been
subject to challenges in the courts, which remain ongoing. 

24 

Payment methodologies may be subject to changes
in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives as well. In addition, at the state level, legislatures have passed and implemented
regulations, and may pass additional legislation, designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement
constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases,
designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 

We expect that additional federal, state and foreign
healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will
pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in limited coverage and reimbursement and reduced demand for our products,
once approved, or additional pricing pressures. 

Foreign Regulation 

The Company and any of our collaborative partners
may be subject to widely varying foreign regulations, which may be different from those of the FDA, governing clinical trials, manufacture,
product registration and approval and pharmaceutical sales. Whether or not FDA approval has been obtained, the Company or our collaborative
partners must obtain a separate approval for a product by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries prior to the commencement
of product marketing in such countries. In certain countries, regulatory authorities also establish pricing and reimbursement criteria.
The approval process varies from country to country, and the time may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. In addition,
under current U.S. law, there are restrictions on the export of products not approved by the FDA, depending on the country involved and
the status of the product in that country. 

Employees 

As of September 30, 2024, we had 23 employees
and various consultants providing support. Through our consulting and collaboration arrangements, and including our Scientific Advisory
Board, we have access to more than 30 additional professionals, who possess significant expertise in business development, legal, accounting,
regulatory affairs, clinical operations, and manufacturing. We also rely upon a network of consultants to support our clinical studies
and manufacturing efforts. 

Executive Officers of Citius Pharma 

Leonard Mazur , Chief Executive Officer,
Chairman and Secretary Mr. Mazur, 79, was appointed Chief Executive Officer effective May 1, 2022, and has been a member of the
Board since September 2014. Mr. Mazur previously served as Chief Executive Officer, President, and Chief Operating Officer from September
2014 until March 2016. 

Myron Holubiak, Executive Vice Chairman
and Director Mr. Holubiak, 77, was appointed Executive Vice Chairman effective May 1, 2022, and has been a member of the Board
since October 2015. He previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer from March 2016 through April 2022. He was also the
founder and Chief Executive Officer and President of Leonard-Meron Biosciences, Inc., an acquired subsidiary of Citius Pharma, from March
2013 until March 2016. 

Jaime Bartushak , Chief Business
Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial Officer Mr. Bartushak, 57, was appointed as Chief Financial Officer in
November 2017. Previously, he was one of the founders and Chief Financial Officer of Leonard-Meron Biosciences, Inc., an acquired subsidiary
of Citius Pharma. 

Myron Czuczman , Chief Medical Officer
and Executive Vice President Dr. Czuczman, 65, was appointed as Chief Medical Officer and Executive Vice President in July 2020.
Dr. Czuczman previously served as Vice President, Global Clinical Research and Development, Therapeutic Head of Lymphoma/CLL at Celgene
Corporation. 

25 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

This report contains forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in this report. Factors that could
cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this report. 

If any of the following risks, or other
risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe to not be significant, develop into actual events, then our business, financial
condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected. If that happens, the market price of our securities
could decline, and stockholders may lose all or part of their investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business and our Industry 

We require substantial additional funding
in the near future to support our operations, complete the commercialization of LYMPHIR, and continue the development of our other product
candidates, which capital may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. 

Our operations have consumed substantial amounts
of cash since inception. We have significantly increased our spending to continue our commercialization efforts for LYMPHIR through Citius
Oncology, advance development of LYMPHIR for other indications, and advance development of our other product candidates. Furthermore,
following the Merger, Citius Oncology has additional costs associated with operating as a public company and require additional capital
to fund our other operating expenses and capital expenditures. As a result, we continue to evaluate strategic alternatives, including
but not limited to, partnerships, joint ventures, mergers, acquisitions, licensing or other strategic transactions. 

As of September 30, 2024, our cash and cash equivalents
were 3,251,880 and we had an accumulated deficit of 201,370,218. The amount and timing of our future funding requirements will depend
on many factors, some of which are outside of our control, including but not limited to: 

the costs and expenses associated with our ongoing
commercialization efforts for LYMPHIR, including the costs of establishing or contracting for sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities
for LYMPHIR; 

the degree of success we experience in commercializing
LYMPHIR; 

the revenue generated by sales of LYMPHIR and
other future product candidates that may be approved, if any; 

the extent to which LYMPHIR or any of our other
potential product candidates, if approved for commercialization, is adopted by the physician community; 

the effect of competing products and product
candidates and other market developments; 

the scope, progress, results and costs of conducting
studies and clinical trials for our other future product candidates, if any, resulting from our ongoing research with LYMPHIR for other
possible indications; 

the timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining
regulatory approvals for our product candidates; 

the costs of manufacturing LYMPHIR and any other
potential product candidates we develop; 

the timing and amount of any milestone, royalty
or other payments we are required to make pursuant to any current or future license agreements; 

the number and types of future product candidates
we might develop and commercialize; 

any product liability or other lawsuits related
to our products; 

the expenses needed to attract, hire and retain
skilled personnel; 

26 

the costs associated with being a public company; 

costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent
applications and maintaining, enforcing and defending intellectual property-related claims; and 

the extent and scope of our general and administrative
expenses. 

Until we are able to generate significant revenue,
if ever, we expect to finance our operations through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations or other strategic
transactions. We cannot be sure that any additional funding, if needed, will be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. Any additional
fundraising efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and
commercialize our product candidates. Furthermore, any additional equity or equity-related financing may be dilutive to our stockholders,
and debt or equity financing, if available, may subject us to restrictive covenants and significant interest costs. If we raise additional
funds through collaborations or strategic alliances with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates,
future revenue streams, research programs or technologies, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unsuccessful
in our efforts to raise additional financing on acceptable terms or execute on other strategic alternatives, we may be required to significantly
reduce or cease our operations. 

We have a history of net losses and expect
to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We may never generate revenues or, if we are able to generate revenues, achieve profitability. 

We were formed in 2007 and since our inception
have incurred a net loss in each of our previous operating years. Our ability to become profitable depends upon our ability to obtain
marketing approval for and generate revenues from sales of our product candidates. We have been focused on product development, have not
received approval for any of our product candidates, and have not generated any revenues to date. Our subsidiary, Citius Oncology, received
approval for LYMPHIR in August 2024 and has not generated any revenues to date. We have incurred losses in each period of our operations,
and we expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. These losses are likely to continue to adversely affect our working
capital, total assets, and stockholders equity. The process of developing our product candidates requires significant clinical
development, laboratory testing and clinical trials. In addition, commercialization of our product candidates will require that we obtain
necessary regulatory approvals and establish sales, marketing, and manufacturing capabilities, either through internal hiring or through
contractual relationships with others. We expect to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future as a result of anticipated increases
in our research and development costs, including costs associated with conducting preclinical testing and clinical trials, and regulatory
compliance activities. We expect Citius Oncology to begin generating revenues following the launch of LYMPHIR in the first half of 2025.
We incurred net losses of 39,138,839 and 32,542,912 for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At September 30,
2024, we had stockholders equity of 74,101,830 and an accumulated deficit of 201,370,218. Our net cash used in operating activities
was 28,201,375 and 29,060,212 for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had outstanding liabilities
of 33.3 million and outstanding commitments of 21.8 million to third parties for LYMPHIR licensing, supply and other costs, that, if
left unpaid, could result in a delay in the commercialization of LYMPHIR, breach of contract, loss of licensing rights or other events
that would have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 

Our ability to generate revenues and achieve profitability
will depend on numerous factors, including success in: 

Citius Oncology successfully commercializing LYMPHIR; 

developing and testing product candidates; 

receiving regulatory approvals for our other product candidates; 

commercializing our other product candidates that receive regulatory approval; 

27 

manufacturing commercial quantities of our products and product candidates at acceptable cost levels; 

obtaining medical insurance coverage for any approved product candidate; and 

establishing a favorable competitive position for any approved product candidates. 

Many of these factors will depend on circumstances
beyond our control. We cannot assure you that any of our product candidates will be approved by the FDA or any foreign regulatory body
or obtain medical insurance coverage, that we will successfully bring any approved product to market or, if so, that we will ever become
profitable. 

Our and Citius Oncology s ongoing
explorations of alternative strategic paths may not result in entering into or completing transactions, when necessary, and the process
of reviewing alternative strategic paths or their conclusion could adversely affect our stock price. 

We and Citius Oncology continue to evaluate strategic
paths to provide the resources necessary to commercialize LYMPHIR and maximize stockholder value. Potential strategic paths may include
partnerships, joint ventures, mergers, acquisitions, or licensing transactions, a combination of these, or other strategic transactions.
There can be no assurance, however, that our evaluation will result in transactions or other alternatives, even when deemed necessary.
There is no set timetable for our strategic process, and we do not intend to provide updates unless or until the Board of Directors approves
a specific action or otherwise determines that disclosure is appropriate or necessary. 

Any potential transaction would be dependent on
a number of factors that may be beyond our control, including, among other things, market conditions, industry trends, the interest of
third parties in a potential transaction with us, obtaining stockholder approval and the availability of financing to third parties in
a potential transaction with us on reasonable terms. The process of reviewing alternative strategic paths may be time consuming and may
involve the dedication of significant resources and may require us to incur significant costs and expenses. It could negatively impact
our ability to attract, retain and motivate employees, and expose us to potential litigation in connection with this process or any resulting
transaction. If we are unable to effectively manage the process, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
affected. In addition, speculation regarding any developments related to the review of strategic alternatives and perceived uncertainties
related to the future of our Company could cause our stock price to fluctuate significantly. Further, any alternative strategic paths
that may be pursued and completed ultimately may not deliver the anticipated benefits or enhance stockholder value. There can be no guarantee
that the process of evaluating alternative strategic paths will result in our Company or Citius Oncology entering into or completing potential
transactions within the anticipated timing or at all. 

In the event we or Citius Oncology do not
successfully complete a strategic transaction, should this be deemed necessary, our Board of Directors may decide to pursue a dissolution
and liquidation of our Company. In such an event, the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders will depend heavily
on the timing of such liquidation as well as the amount of cash that will need to be reserved for commitments and contingent liabilities. 

There can be no guarantee that the process to
identify strategic transactions will result in successfully completed transactions when necessary. If additional transactions are not
completed that enable us or Citius Oncology to continue the commercialization of LYMPHIR and sustain our business operations, our Board
of Directors may decide that it is in the best interest of our stockholders to dissolve our Company and liquidate our assets. In that
event, the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders will depend heavily on the timing of such decision and, ultimately,
such liquidation since the amount of cash available for distribution continues to decrease as we fund our operations and evaluate our
strategic alternatives. In addition, if our Board were to approve and recommend, and our stockholders were to approve, a dissolution of
our Company, we would be required under Delaware corporate law to pay our outstanding obligations, as well as to make reasonable provision
for contingent and unknown obligations, prior to making any distributions in liquidation to our stockholders. As a result of this requirement,
a portion of our assets may need to be reserved pending the resolution of such obligations. In addition, we may be subject to litigation
or other claims related to a dissolution and liquidation of our Company. If a dissolution and liquidation were pursued, our Board, in
consultation with its advisors, would need to evaluate these matters and make a determination about a reasonable amount to reserve. Accordingly,
holders of our common stock could lose all or a significant portion of their investment in the event of a dissolution, liquidation or
winding up of our Company. 

28 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm s report includes an explanatory paragraph stating that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern . 

At September 30, 2024, we estimated that we have
sufficient capital to continue our operations through February 2025. You should not rely on our consolidated balance sheet as an indication
of the amount of proceeds that would be available to satisfy claims of creditors, and potentially be available for distribution to stockholders,
in the event of liquidation. 

The Company has generated no operating revenue
to date and has principally raised capital through the issuance of debt and equity instruments to finance its operations. However, the
Company s continued operations beyond February 2025 including its commercialization of LYMPHIR (through Citius Oncology) and its
development plans for Mino-Lok, Halo-Lido and NoveCite, will depend on its ability to successfully launch LYMPHIR and/or obtain regulatory
approval to market Mino-Lok and generate substantial revenue from the sale of LYMPHIR and/or Mino-Lok and on its ability to raise additional
capital through various potential sources, such as equity and/or debt financings, strategic relationships, or out-licensing of its product
candidates. However, the Company can provide no assurances on the approval, commercialization, or future sales of LYMPHIR and/or Mino-Lok
or that financing or strategic relationships will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If the Company is unable to raise sufficient
capital, find strategic partners or generate substantial revenue from the sale of LYMPHIR and/or Mino-Lok, there would be a material adverse
effect on its business. Further, the Company expects in the future to incur additional expenses as it continues to develop its product
candidates, including seeking regulatory approval, and protecting its intellectual property. 

Citius Oncology could be delayed in the
launch of LYMPHIR. 

While we believe we have sufficient funds on hand
to commercially launch LYMPHIR, various factors could increase the cost to launch LYMPHIR, which we expect would require us to obtain
additional capital to complete those efforts. Financing might not be available on acceptable terms or at all. 

We need to secure additional financing in
the future to complete the development of our other current product candidates and support our operations. 

We anticipate that we will incur operating losses
for the foreseeable future as we continue developing our product candidates which have not received regulatory approval. The amount and
timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 

the rate of progress and cost of our trials and other product development and commercialization programs for our current product candidates; 

the costs and timing of obtaining licenses for additional product candidates or acquiring other complementary technologies; 

the timing of any regulatory approvals of any of our product candidates; 

the costs of establishing or contracting for sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities for our product candidates; and 

the status, terms and timing of any collaborative, licensing, co-promotion, or other arrangements. 

We will need to access the capital markets in
the near future for additional capital for research and development and for operations. Traditionally, pharmaceutical companies have funded
their research and development expenditures through raising capital in the equity markets. Declines and uncertainties in these markets
over the past several years have severely restricted raising new capital and have affected companies abilities to continue to expand
or fund existing research and development efforts. If economic conditions continue to be uncertain or become worse, our future cost of
equity or debt capital and access to the capital markets could be adversely affected. If we are not successful in securing additional
financing, we may be required to significantly delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of our research or development programs,
downsize our general and administrative infrastructure, or seek alternative measures to avoid insolvency, including arrangements with
collaborative partners or others that may require us to relinquish rights to certain of our technologies or product candidates. 

29 

We are primarily a late-stage development
company with an unproven business strategy and may never achieve commercialization of our therapeutic product candidates or profitability. 

Citius Pharma has no approved products. Our subsidiary,
Citius Oncology, received approval for LYMPHIR in August 2024 and has not generated any revenues to date. All other current product candidates
of Citius Pharma are in the pre-clinical or clinical stage. We rely on third parties to conduct the research and development activities
for our product candidates and our product commercialization capabilities are unproven. We, through Citius Oncology, are developing our
sales and marketing capabilities at this time for LYMPHIR and have contracted with Innovation Partners, a large third-party commercial
sales and marketing organization with an existing commercial infrastructure and product launch experience to assist in our commercial
efforts related to LYMPHIR. We have no sales or marketing capabilities with respect to our other product candidates. Our success will
depend upon our ability to develop such capabilities on our own or to enter into and maintain collaboration agreements on favorable terms
and to select an appropriate commercialization strategy for each product candidate that we choose to pursue and that receives approval,
whether on our own or in collaboration. If we are not successful in implementing our strategy to commercialize our product candidates,
we may never achieve, maintain, or increase profitability. Our ability to successfully commercialize any of our product candidates will
depend, among other things, on our ability to: 

successfully complete pre-clinical and clinical trials for our product candidates; 

receive marketing approvals from the FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities for our product candidates; 

establish commercial manufacturing arrangements with third-party manufacturers for our product candidates; 

produce, through a validated process, sufficiently large quantities of our drug compound(s) to permit successful commercialization of our product candidates; 

build and maintain strong sales, distribution, and marketing capabilities sufficient to launch commercial sales of any approved products or establish collaborations with third parties for such commercialization; 

secure acceptance of any approved products from physicians, health care payers, patients, and the medical community; and 

manage our spending as costs and expenses increase due to clinical trials, regulatory applications and development and commercialization activities. 

There are no guarantees that we will be successful
in completing these tasks. If we are unable to successfully complete these tasks, we may not be able to commercialize any of our product
candidates in a timely manner, or at all, in which case we may be unable to generate sufficient revenues to sustain and grow our business.
If we experience unanticipated delays or problems, our development costs could substantially increase and our business, financial condition
and results of operations will be adversely affected. 

We have a limited operating history upon
which to evaluate our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates. 

Citius Oncology has one recently approved but
not yet launched product, LYMPHIR, and Citius Pharma has one late-stage stage product candidate, Mino-Lok, while our other product candidates
are clinical stage. As a result, our success is dependent upon our ability to obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize our product
candidates and we, as a company, have not demonstrated an ability to perform the functions necessary for the approval or successful commercialization
of any product candidates. While various members of our executive management and key employees have significant prior experience in pharmaceutical
development, as a company we have to date successfully completed only one late-stage clinical trial (much of which had been undertaken
by Eisai prior to our in-licensing of the intellectual property of LYMPHIR) and are just beginning to undertake commercialization activities,
in each case for LYMPHIR (through Citius Oncology). Despite our progress with LYMPHIR, our operations have been limited primarily to business
planning, acquiring our proprietary technology, research and development, recruiting management and technical staff, and raising capital.
These operations provide a limited basis for you to assess our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and the advisability
of investing in our securities. 

30 

We may choose not to continue developing
any of our product candidates at any time during development, which would reduce or eliminate our potential return on investment for those
product candidates. 

At any time, we may decide to discontinue the
development of any of our product candidates for a variety of reasons, including inadequate financial resources, the appearance of new
technologies that render our product candidates obsolete, competition from a competing product or changes in or failure to comply with
applicable regulatory requirements. If we terminate a program in which we have invested significant resources, we will not receive any
return on our investment and we will have missed the opportunity to allocate those resources to potentially more productive uses. 

As an example, on July 1, 2016, we announced that
we were discontinuing the development of Suprenza, which was our first commercial product candidate, for strategic reasons and not due
to safety or regulatory concerns, in order to focus our management and cash resources on the Phase 3 development of Mino-Lok and the Phase
2b development of Halo-Lido. Further, in December 2023, we terminated development of Mino-Wrap to devote resources to the development
of LYMPHIR, The resources expended on Suprenza and Mino-Wrap therefore did not provide us any benefit. 

We face significant risks in our product
candidate development efforts. 

Our business depends on the successful development
and commercialization of our product candidates. We are not permitted to market any of our product candidates in the U.S. until we receive
approval from the FDA, or in any foreign jurisdiction until we receive the requisite approvals from such jurisdiction. The process of
developing new drugs and/or therapeutic products is inherently complex, unpredictable, time-consuming, expensive and uncertain. We must
make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing whether our development programs will result in products that
will receive regulatory approval and achieve market acceptance. For example, while LYMPHIR received FDA approval in August 2024, we had
incurred significant expenses in its development and planned commercialization; as of September 30, 2024, we had outstanding commitments
of approximately 50.6 million to third parties for LYMPHIR licensing, supply and other costs. Product candidates that appear to be promising
at some or all stages of development may not receive approval or reach the market for a number of reasons that may not be predictable
based on results and data of the clinical program. Product candidates may be found ineffective or may cause harmful side effects during
clinical trials, may take longer to progress through clinical trials than had been anticipated, may not be able to achieve the pre-defined
clinical endpoints due to statistical anomalies even though clinical benefit may have been achieved, may fail to receive necessary regulatory
approvals, may prove impracticable to manufacture in commercial quantities at reasonable cost and with acceptable quality, or may fail
to achieve market acceptance. 

While we anticipate that Citius Oncology will
launch LYMPHIR in the first half of 2025, that timeline is subject to change for various reasons. Moreover, we cannot predict whether
or when we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize our other product candidates that are under development, notably Mino-Lok.
We cannot, therefore, predict the timing of any future revenues from LYMPHIR or any other product candidate. As an example, in response
to the submission of our BLA for LYMPHIR, the FDA issued a complete response letter CRL on July 28, 2023. The FDA required
us to incorporate enhanced product testing and additional controls agreed to with the FDA during the market application review. There
were no concerns relating to the safety and efficacy clinical data package submitted with the BLA, or the proposed prescribing information.
In September 2023, we announced that the FDA had agreed with our plans to address the requirements outlined in the CRL, which guidance
provided us with a path for completing the necessary activities to support the resubmission of the BLA for LYMPHIR and we received approval
from the FDA in August 2024. 

The FDA has substantial discretion in the drug
approval process, including the ability to delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons. For example, the FDA: 

may not find the data from clinical trials sufficient to support the submission of an NDA or BLA or to obtain marketing approval in the U.S., including any findings that the clinical and other benefits of our product candidates outweigh their safety risks; 

could determine that the information provided by us was inadequate, contained clinical deficiencies or otherwise failed to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of any of our product candidates for any indication; 

may disagree with our trial design or our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials, or may change the requirements for approval even after it has reviewed and commented on the design for our trials; 

31 

could determine that we cannot rely on Section 505(b)(2) for Mino-Lok or Halo-Lido or any future product candidate whose composition includes components previously approved by the FDA; 

may determine that we have identified the wrong reference listed drug or drugs or that approval of a Section 505(b)(2) application for any of our product candidates is blocked by patent or non-patent exclusivity of the reference listed drug or drugs; 

may identify deficiencies in the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we enter into agreements for the manufacture of our product candidates; 

may approve our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, or may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-approval clinical trials; 

may change its approval policies or adopt new regulations that could adversely impact our product candidate development programs; or 

may not approve the labeling claims that we believe are necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our product candidates, or may require labeling claims that impair the potential market acceptance of our product candidates. 

These same risks are generally applicable to the
regulatory process in foreign countries. Any failure to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates would significantly limit
our ability to generate revenues, and any failure to obtain such approval for all of the indications and labeling claims we deem desirable
could reduce our potential revenues. 

We, through Citius Oncology, may be required
to make milestone payments to the licensor and former licensee of the LYMPHIR intellectual property in connection with its development
and commercialization of LYMPHIR, which could adversely affect the profitability of LYMPHIR. 

Under the terms of the License Agreement with
Eisai, Citius Oncology is required to pay Eisai a 5.9 million development milestone payment upon initial approval by the FDA of LYMPHIR
for the CTCL indication, which occurred in August 2024, and an aggregate of up to 22 million related to the achievement of net product
sales thresholds. Under the terms of the agreement with Dr. Reddy s, Citius Oncology is obligated to pay up to an aggregate of 40
million related to CTCL approvals in the U.S. and other markets, up to 70 million in development milestones for additional indications,
and up to 300 million for commercial sales milestones. Further, under the agreement with Dr. Reddy s, Citius Oncology is required
to (i) use commercially reasonable efforts to make commercially available products in the CTCL indication, peripheral T-cell lymphoma
indication and immuno-oncology indication, (ii) initiate two investigator initiated immuno-oncology trials, (iii) use commercially reasonable
efforts to achieve each of the approval milestones, and (iv) complete each specified immuno-oncology investigator trial on or before September
1, 2025, the four-year anniversary of the effective date of the definitive agreement. Additionally, Citius Oncology is required to commercially
launch a product in a territory within six months of receiving regulatory approval for such product in each such jurisdiction. Citius
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company is a guarantor of the obligations of Citius Oncology, Inc. under the Asset Purchase
Agreement. 

Pending further discussions with Dr. Reddy s,
Dr. Reddy s agreed to a partial deferral without penalty of a milestone payment by Citius Oncology, which was triggered upon regulatory
approval of LYMPHIR by the FDA and due on September 9, 2024, pursuant to the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement. These development
and milestone obligations impose substantial additional costs on us, and could divert resources from other aspects of the business, and
adversely affect the overall profitability of LYMPHIR. We, through Citius Oncology, need to obtain additional financing to satisfy these
milestone payments, and cannot be sure that any additional funding, will be available on favorable terms, or at all. 

32 

A material breach or default under any of
our license agreements, including failure to make timely payments when due, gives the licensor party to such agreement the right to terminate
the license agreement, which termination would materially harm our business. 

Our commercial success will depend in part on
the maintenance of our current and any future license agreements. Our license agreements impose, and we expect that future license agreements
will impose on us, various diligence, milestone payment, royalty and other obligations. For example, under the license agreement and related
purchase agreement for the intellectual property for LYMPHIR, we, through our subsidiary Citius Oncology, are required to use commercially
reasonable diligence to develop and commercialize a product and to satisfy specified payment obligations for various developmental and
regulatory milestones. Specifically, upon the approval of LYMPHIR, we, through Citius Oncology, became subject to the payment of an aggregate
of 28.4 million under the license agreements covering LYMPHIR. Pending further discussions with Dr. Reddy s, Dr. Reddy s
agreed to a partial deferral without penalty of a milestone payment by us, which was triggered upon regulatory approval of LYMPHIR by
the FDA and due on September 9, 2024, pursuant to the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement. 

If we fail to comply with our obligations under
the current license agreements or any future license agreements with any party, or we are subject to a bankruptcy, the licensor may have
the right to terminate the license, in which event we would not be able to market products covered by the license. Each of our license
agreements provides the licensor with a right to terminate the license agreement for our material breach or default under the agreement,
including the failure to make any required milestone or other payments. Should the licensor under any of the license agreements exercise
such a termination right, we would lose our right to the intellectual property under the respective license agreement, which loss would
materially harm our business. 

We rely exclusively on third parties to
formulate and manufacture our product candidates. Our failure to abide by our contractual obligations with these third parties, including
timely payment, could result in a delay or the loss of necessary third-party support. 

We do not have and do not intend to establish
our own manufacturing facilities. Consequently, we lack the physical plant to formulate and manufacture our product candidates, which
have to be produced by third-party manufacturers. If we fail to raise additional capital, and as a result are unable to abide by our contractual
obligations with these third-party manufacturers and suppliers, including making timely payment, the necessary third-party support to
commercialize LYMPHIR could be delayed or terminated. 

We, through Citius Oncology, have secured supply
agreements for LYMPHIR with the two third-party facilities who are in compliance with current good manufacturing practices cGMP as generally accepted by the FDA. We rely on these third-party contractors for our manufacturing. Manufacturing of drugs for clinical
and commercial purposes must comply with the FDA s cGMP and applicable non-U.S. regulatory requirements and before any of our collaborators
can begin to commercially manufacture our product candidates, each must obtain regulatory approval of the manufacturing facility and process.
If, for any reason, we become unable to rely on these sources or any future source or sources to manufacture LYMPHIR or any future product
candidates, either for pre-clinical or clinical trials or for commercial quantities, then we would need to identify and contract with
additional or replacement third-party manufacturers to manufacture compounds for preclinical, clinical, and commercial purposes. We might
not be successful in identifying additional or replacement third-party manufacturers, or in negotiating acceptable terms with any that
we might identify. If we are unable to secure and maintain third-party manufacturing capacity, the development and sales of LYMPHIR, and
any future product candidates, and our financial performance might be materially and adversely affected. 

Additionally, if any of our collaborators fails
to comply with the cGMP requirements, we would be subject to possible regulatory action which could limit the jurisdictions in which we
are permitted to sell LYMPHIR, or any future product candidate. As a result, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
might be materially harmed. 

33 

Our reliance on a limited number of third-party
manufacturers exposes us to the following risks: 

We might be unable to identify manufacturers
for commercial supply on acceptable terms or at all because the number of potential manufacturers is limited and the FDA must approve
any replacement contractor. This approval would generally require compliance inspections. In addition, a new manufacturer would have to
be educated in, or develop substantially equivalent processes for, the production of LYMPHIR and any product candidate approved by the
FDA; 

Our third-party manufacturers might be unable
to formulate and manufacture LYMPHIR and any product candidate in the volume and of the quality required to meet our clinical and commercial
needs; 

Our contract manufacturers might not perform
as agreed or might not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to supply our clinical trials or to successfully
produce, store and distribute LYMPHIR, and any future product candidate approved by the FDA, for commercialization; 

Currently, one of the contract manufacturers
for LYMPHIR is foreign (located in Italy), which increases the risk of shipping delays, adds the risk of import restrictions, and adds
the risk of political and environmental uncertainties that might affect those countries; 

Drug manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic
unannounced inspection by the FDA and corresponding state agencies to ensure strict compliance with cGMP and other government regulations
and corresponding foreign standards. We do not have control over third-party manufacturers compliance with these regulations and
standards; 

If any third-party manufacturer makes improvements
in the manufacturing process for our product candidates, we might not own, or might have to share, the intellectual property rights to
the innovation with our licensors; 

Operations of our third-party manufacturers or
suppliers could be disrupted by conditions unrelated to our business or operations, including a bankruptcy of the manufacturer or supplier
or a natural disaster or a pandemic such as COVID-19; and 

We might compete with other companies for access
to these manufacturers facilities and might be subject to manufacturing delays if the manufacturers give other clients higher priority. 

Each of these risks could delay our clinical trials
or the approval, if any, of our product candidates by the FDA or any foreign regulatory agency or the commercialization of LYMPHIR and
could result in higher costs or deprive us of potential product revenues. As a result, our business, financial condition, and results
of operations might be materially harmed. 

While our business strategy generally is
to focus on the development of late-stage product candidates to lessen the development risk, there is still significant risk to successfully
developing a product candidate. 

Our goal in generally pursuing late-stage therapeutic
product candidates with what we believe is a promising pre-clinical and early clinical stage track record is to avoid the risk of failure
at the pre-clinical and early clinical stages. However, there is still significant risk to obtaining regulatory approval and successfully
commercializing any late-stage product candidate that we pursue. All of the risks inherent in drug development of initial stage product
candidates also apply to late-stage candidates. We cannot assure you that our business strategy will be successful. 

The results of pre-clinical studies and
completed clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results, and our current product candidates may not have favorable
results in later studies or trials. 

Pre-clinical studies and Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical
trials are not primarily designed to test the efficacy of a product candidate in the general population, but rather to test initial safety,
to study pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics, to study limited efficacy in a small number of study patients in a selected disease population,
and to identify and attempt to understand the product candidate s side effects at various doses and dosing schedules. Success in
pre-clinical studies or completed clinical trials does not ensure that later studies or trials, including continuing pre-clinical studies
and large-scale clinical trials, will be successful nor does it predict future results. Favorable results in early studies or trials may
not be repeated in later studies or trials, and product candidates in later stage trials may fail to show acceptable safety and efficacy
despite having progressed through earlier trials. In addition, the placebo rate in larger studies may be higher than expected. 

34 

We may be required to demonstrate through large,
long-term outcome trials that our product candidates are safe and effective for use in a broad population prior to obtaining regulatory
approval. This would increase the duration and cost of any such trial. 

There is typically a high rate of attrition from
the failure of product candidates proceeding through clinical trials. In addition, certain subjects in our clinical trials may respond
positively to placebo treatment - these subjects are commonly known as placebo responders - making it more difficult to
demonstrate efficacy of the trial drug compared to placebo. This effect is likely to be observed in the treatment of hemorrhoids, which
could negatively impact the development program for Halo-Lido. 

If any of our product candidates fail to demonstrate
sufficient safety and efficacy in any clinical trial, we will experience potentially significant delays and cost increases in, or may
decide to abandon development of, that product candidate. If we abandon or are delayed, or experience increased costs, in our development
efforts related to any of our product candidates, we may not have sufficient resources to continue or complete development of that product
candidate or any other product candidates. We may not be able to continue our operations and clinical studies, or generate any revenue
or become profitable. Our reputation in the industry and in the investment community would likely be significantly damaged. Further, it
might not be possible for us to raise funds in the public or private markets, and our stock price would likely decrease significantly. 

If we are unable to file for approval of
Mino-Lok or Halo-Lido under Section 505(b)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or if we are required to generate additional
data related to safety and efficacy in order to obtain approval of Mino-Lok or Halo-Lido under Section 505(b)(2), we may be unable to
meet our anticipated development and commercialization timelines. 

Our current plans for filing NDAs or BLAs for
our product candidates include efforts to minimize the data we will be required to generate in order to obtain marketing approval for
certain of our product candidates and therefore possibly reduce the time and cost of development of a product candidate and obtain a shortened
review period for the application. The timeline for filing and review of our planned NDA for each of Mino-Lok and Halo-Lido is based upon
our plan to submit each such NDA under Section 505(b)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, wherein we will rely in part on data
generated by third parties and that is in the public domain or elsewhere. Depending on the data that may be required by the FDA for approval,
some of the data may be related to products already approved by the FDA. If the data relied upon is related to products already approved
by the FDA and covered by third-party patents, we would be required to certify that we do not infringe the listed patents or that such
patents are invalid or unenforceable. As a result of the certification, the third party would have 45 days from notification of our certification
to initiate an action against us. In the event that an action is brought in response to such a certification, the approval of our NDA
could be subject to a stay of up to 30 months or more while we defend against such a suit. Approval of any product candidate under Section
505(b)(2) may therefore be delayed until patent exclusivity expires or until we successfully challenge the applicability of those patents
applicable to our product candidates. Alternatively, we may elect to generate sufficient additional clinical data so that we no longer
rely on data which triggers a potential stay of the approval of any product candidate. Even if no exclusivity periods apply to an application
under Section 505(b)(2), the FDA has broad discretion to require us to generate additional data on the safety and efficacy of our product
candidates to supplement third-party data on which we may be permitted to rely. In either event, we could be required, before obtaining
marketing approval for such product candidate, to conduct substantial new research and development activities beyond those in which we
currently plan to engage in order to obtain approval of that product candidate. Such additional new research and development activities
would be costly and time consuming. 

We may not be able to obtain shortened review
of our applications where available, and in any event the FDA may not agree that any of our product candidates qualify for marketing approval.
If we are required to generate additional data to support approval, we may be unable to meet our anticipated development and commercialization
timelines, may be unable to generate the additional data at a reasonable cost, or at all, and may be unable to obtain marketing approval
of that product candidate. In addition, notwithstanding the approval of many products by the FDA pursuant to Section 505(b)(2), over the
last few years, some pharmaceutical companies and others have objected to the FDA s interpretation of Section 505(b)(2). If the
FDA changes its interpretation of Section 505(b)(2), or if the FDA s interpretation is successfully challenged in court, this could
delay or even prevent the FDA from approving any Section 505(b)(2) application that we submit. 

Two of our product candidates, Mino-Lok
and Halo-Lido, are combination products consisting of components that have each been separately approved by the FDA for other indications
and which are commercially available and marketed by other companies. Our approval under Section 505(b)(2), if received, would not preclude
physicians, pharmacists, and patients from obtaining individual drug products and titrating the dosage of these drug products as close
to our approved dose as possible. 

Our Mino-Lok solution contains minocycline, disodium
ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (edetate), and ethyl alcohol, all of which have been separately approved by the FDA for other indications
or are used as excipients in other parenteral products. Assuming FDA approval as a branded pharmaceutical product, we would need to obtain
hospital formulary acceptance to generate sales of Mino-Lok. Additionally, we may encounter reluctance by the infectious disease physician
community to vary from the existing standard of care to remove and replace an infected catheter. Currently, hospitals are reimbursed for
the treatment of CRBSIs by the Center for Medicare and Medicare Services CMS through a Diagnosis Related Group DRG classification or code. Commercial insurance plans reimburse for CRBSIs in a similar manner. With Mino-Lok being priced as a branded FDA-approved
pharmaceutical product, this could result in the participating hospital retaining a lower share of CMS or commercial reimbursement which
may impact the acceptance and use of Mino-Lok by these institutions. 

35 

Our Halo-Lido product candidate for the treatment
of hemorrhoids is a combination product consisting of two drugs, halobetasol propionate, a corticosteroid, and lidocaine, that have each
been separately approved by the FDA for other indications and which are commercially available and marketed by other companies. Halobetasol
propionate cream is available in a 0.05 strength, and lidocaine creams are also available in strengths up to 5 . From our market analysis
and discussions with a limited number of physicians, we know that patients sometimes obtain two separate cream products and co-administer
them as prescribed, giving them a combination treatment that could be very similar to what we intend to study and seek approval for. As
a branded, FDA-approved product with safety and efficacy data, we intend to price our product substantially higher than the generically
available individual creams. We will then have to convince third-party payers and pharmacy benefit managers of the advantages of our product
and justify our premium pricing. We may encounter resistance from these entities and will then be dependent on patients willingness
to pay the premium and not seek alternatives. In addition, pharmacists often suggest lower cost prescription treatment alternatives to
both physicians and patients. If approved, our Section 505(b)(2) approval and the market exclusivity we may receive will not guarantee
that such alternatives will not exist, that substitution will not occur, or that there will be immediate or any acceptance to our pricing
by payer formularies. 

Any fast track designation or grant of priority
review status by the FDA may not actually lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, nor will it assure FDA
approval of our product candidates. Additionally, our product candidates may treat indications that do not qualify for priority review
vouchers. 

We have received fast track designation for Mino-Lok
to treat and salvage infected central venous catheters in patients with CRBSIs. We may seek fast track designation for some of our other
product candidates or priority review of applications for approval of our product candidates for certain indications. If a drug is intended
for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and the drug demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for
this condition, the drug sponsor may apply for the FDA fast track designation. If a product candidate offers major advances in treatment,
the FDA may designate it eligible for priority review. The FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant these designations, so even
if we believe a particular product candidate is eligible for these designations, we cannot assure you that the FDA would decide to grant
them. Even with the fast track designation for Mino-Lok and if we do receive fast track designation or priority review for any other product
candidate, we may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. The FDA may
withdraw fast track designation from Mino-Lok or any other product candidate to be so designated if it believes that the designation is
no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. 

We do not own Citius Oncology or NoveCite,
Inc. outright and will share any benefits from the commercialization of LYMPHIR and the development of the NoveCite product candidate
with the other stockholder. 

As of September 30, 2024, we owned approximately
92.3 of the outstanding common stock of Citius Oncology and 75 of the outstanding common stock of NoveCite. As a result, we will only
be entitled to a portion of any benefits that flow from the commercialization by Citius Oncology of LYMPHIR and the development by NoveCite
of its NoveCite product candidate or any other product candidates that either company might develop. In the event that Citius Oncology
or NoveCite were to issue additional equity securities in the future this would likely reduce our percentage ownership, which would further
reduce the portion of any benefit that might be derived from that company s successful development and/or commercialization of its
approved drugs and drug candidates, unless we were to increase our investment. 

Additionally, as previously announced by the Company,
Citius Pharma intends to distribute Citius Oncology shares to its stockholders at a yet-to-be-determined date in the future, following
the expiration of the six-month lockup period, in accordance with terms of the amended and restated registration rights agreement entered
into in connection with the Merger. Following the distribution of the Citius Oncology shares, Citius Pharmaceuticals will not be entitled
to any benefits that flow from the commercialization by Citius Oncology of LYMPHIR or would otherwise be derived from Citius Oncology
if it were to remain a majority-owned subsidiary. 

Any FDA programs related to the development
and approval of treatments for COVID-19 and its symptoms may not be available to us or actually lead to a faster development or regulatory
review or approval process for NoveCite, our proposed treatment for ARDS, nor will it assure FDA approval of such a treatment. 

In late April 2020, we made a pre-IND submission
to the FDA for NoveCite as a treatment for ARDS. The submission was made under the FDA s Coronavirus Treatment Acceleration Program CTAP and we requested the FDA s feedback to support the most expeditious pathway for clinical development of the
therapy. The CTAP program is relatively new and the FDA has broad discretion in administering the CTAP program and therefore we cannot
assure you what the FDA might decide and whether there would be a faster development process. 

Because our NoveCite product candidate is
based on novel technologies, it is difficult to predict the regulatory approval process and the time, the cost and our ability to successfully
initiate, conduct and complete clinical development, and obtain the necessary regulatory and reimbursement approvals, required for commercialization
of our NoveCite product candidate. 

NoveCite s cell programming technology and
platform for generating cell therapy products using allogenic mesenchymal stem cells derived from iPSCs represent novel therapeutic approaches,
and to our knowledge there are currently no iPSC-derived cell products approved anywhere in the world for commercial sale. As such, it
is difficult to accurately predict the type and scope of challenges that NoveCite may incur during development of its NoveCite product
candidate, and it faces uncertainties associated with the preclinical and clinical development, manufacture and regulatory requirements
for the initiation and conduct of clinical trials, regulatory approval, and reimbursement required for successful commercialization of
its NoveCite product candidate. In addition, because NoveCite s iPSC-derived cell product candidate is in the pre-clinical stage,
NoveCite is currently assessing safety in humans and has not yet been able to assess the long-term effects of treatment. Animal models
and assays may not accurately predict the safety and efficacy of our product candidate in our target patient populations, and appropriate
models and assays may not exist for demonstrating the safety and purity of the NoveCite product candidate, as required by the FDA and
other regulatory authorities for ongoing clinical development and regulatory approval. 

36 

The pre-clinical and clinical development, manufacture,
and regulatory requirements for approval of the NoveCite product candidate may be more expensive and take longer than for other more well-known
or extensively studied pharmaceutical or biopharmaceutical product candidates due to a lack of prior experiences on the side of both developers
and regulatory agencies. Additionally, due to the uncertainties associated with the pre-clinical and clinical development, manufacture,
and regulatory requirements for approval of the NoveCite product candidate, NoveCite may be required to modify or change its pre-clinical
and clinical development plans or its manufacturing activities and plans or be required to meet stricter regulatory requirements for approval.
Any such modifications or changes could delay or prevent NoveCite s ability to develop, manufacture, obtain regulatory approval
for or commercialize its NoveCite product candidate, which would adversely affect NoveCite s and our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Cellular immunotherapies, and stem cell therapies
and iPSC-derived cell therapies in particular, represent relatively new therapeutic areas, and the FDA has cautioned consumers about potential
safety risks associated with cell therapies. To date, there are relatively few approved cell therapies. As a result, the regulatory approval
process for a product candidate such as NoveCite is uncertain and may be more expensive and take longer than the approval process for
product candidates based on other, better known or more extensively studied technologies and therapeutic approaches. For example, there
are currently no FDA approved products with a label designation that supports the use of a product to treat and reduce the severity of
ARDS in patients with COVID-19, which makes it difficult to determine the clinical endpoints and data required to support an application
or regulatory approval, and the time and cost required to obtain regulatory approval in the U.S. for our product candidate. 

Regulatory requirements in the U.S. governing
cell therapy products have changed frequently and the FDA or other regulatory bodies may change the requirements, or identify different
regulatory pathways, for approval of the NoveCite product candidate. For example, within the FDA, the Center for Biologics Evaluation
and Research CBER restructured and created a new Office of Tissues and Advanced Therapies to better align its oversight
activities with FDA Centers for Drugs and Medical Devices. It is possible that over time new or different divisions may be established
or be granted the responsibility for regulating cell and/or gene therapy products, including iPSC-derived cell products, such as the NoveCite
product candidate. As a result, NoveCite may be required to change its regulatory strategy or to modify its applications for regulatory
approval, which could delay and impair its ability to complete the pre-clinical and clinical development and manufacture of, and obtain
regulatory approval for, its NoveCite product candidate. Changes in regulatory authorities and advisory groups, or any new requirements
or guidelines they promulgate, may lengthen the regulatory review process, require NoveCite to perform additional studies, increase its
development and manufacturing costs, lead to changes in regulatory pathways, positions and interpretations, delay or prevent approval
and commercialization of the NoveCite product candidate or lead to significant post-approval limitations or restrictions. As NoveCite
advances its NoveCite product candidate, NoveCite will be required to consult with the FDA and other regulatory authorities, and its NoveCite
product candidate will likely be reviewed by an FDA advisory committee. NoveCite also must comply with applicable requirements, and if
it fails to do so, it may be required to delay or discontinue development of its NoveCite product candidate. Delays or unexpected costs
in obtaining, or the failure to obtain, the regulatory approval necessary to bring the NoveCite product candidate to market could impair
NoveCite s and our ability to generate sufficient product revenues to maintain our respective businesses. 

NoveCite has assumed that the biological
capabilities of iPSCs and adult-donor derived cells are likely to be comparable. If it is discovered that this assumption is incorrect,
the NoveCite product candidate research and development activities could be harmed. 

NoveCite anticipates that its research and development
for its NoveCite product candidate will involve iPSCs, rather than adult-donor derived cells. With respect to iPSCs, NoveCite believes
that scientists are still somewhat uncertain about the clinical utility, life span, and safety of such cells, and whether such cells differ
in any clinically significant ways from adult-donor derived cells. If NoveCite discovers that iPSCs will not be useful for whatever reason
for its NoveCite product candidate program, this would negatively affect NoveCite s ability to develop a marketable product and
it and we may never become profitable, which would have an adverse effect on our respective businesses, prospects, financial condition
and results of operations. 

37 

Even if we receive regulatory approval to
commercialize a product candidate, that product may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare payers or the medical
community and may not generate significant revenue. 

Even if one of our product candidates obtains
regulatory approval, that product may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare payers or the medical community.
The indication may be limited to a subset of the population or we may implement a distribution system and patient access program that
is limited. Coverage and reimbursement of our product candidates by third-party payers, including government payers, generally is also
necessary for commercial success. While LYMPHIR s approval was not so restricted, its acceptance in the marketplace as an effective
treatment will depend on various factors as discussed herein. We believe that the degree of market acceptance and our ability to generate
revenues from any approved product candidate, such as LYMPHIR, or acquired approved product will depend on a number of factors, including: 

prevalence and severity of any side effects; 

potential or perceived advantages or disadvantages over alternative treatments; 

availability of coverage and reimbursement from government and other third-party payers; 

the willingness of patients to pay out of pocket in the absence of government or third-party coverage; 

the relative convenience and ease of administration and dosing schedule; 

strength of sales, marketing and distribution support; 

price of any future products, if approved, both in absolute terms and relative to alternative treatments; 

the effectiveness of our or any future collaborators sales and marketing strategies; 

the effect of current and future healthcare laws on any approved products; 

patient access programs that require patients to provide certain information prior to receiving new and refill prescriptions; 

results of any post-approval studies of the product; 

product labeling or product insert requirements of the FDA or other regulatory authorities; and 

requirements for prescribing physicians to complete certain educational programs for prescribing drugs. 

If approved, any product candidate may fail to
achieve market acceptance or generate significant revenue to achieve or sustain profitability, which would harm the Company s business.
In addition, our efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payers on the benefits of any product candidate may require
significant resources and may never be successful. 

Even if approved for marketing by applicable
regulatory bodies, we will not be able to create a market for any of our product candidates if we fail to establish marketing, sales,
and distribution capabilities, either on our own or through arrangements with third parties. 

Our strategy with LYMPHIR (through Citius Oncology)
and for our unapproved product candidates is to outsource to third parties all or most aspects of the product development process, as
well as much of our marketing, sales, and distribution activities. In order to generate sales of any product candidate that receives regulatory
approval, we must either acquire or develop an internal marketing and sales force with technical expertise and with supporting distribution
capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services for us. Currently, we, through Citius Oncology, are developing
our sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for LYMPHIR and have contracted with Innovation Partners, a large third-party commercial
sales and marketing organization with an existing commercial infrastructure and product launch experience, to assist in our commercial
efforts. We do not have any sales, marketing or distribution capabilities with respect to our other product candidates. The acquisition
or development of a sales and distribution infrastructure requires substantial resources, which may divert the attention of our management
and key personnel and defer our product development efforts. To the extent that we enter into marketing and sales arrangements with other
companies for any product candidates, our revenues will depend on the efforts of others. These efforts may not be successful. If we fail
to develop sales, marketing, and distribution channels, or fail to enter into arrangements with third parties or the collaboration is
terminated or is otherwise unsuccessful, we will experience delays in product launch and sales and incur increased costs. 

38 

The FDA and other regulatory agencies actively
enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. 

If we are found to have improperly promoted any
off-label use of LYMPHIR or for any product candidates, if approved, or if we are found to have improperly engaged in pre-approval promotion
prior to the approval of such product candidates, we may become subject to significant liability. Such enforcement has become more common
in the pharmaceutical industry. The FDA and other regulatory agencies strictly regulate the promotional claims that may be made about
prescription products, such as LYMPHIR and any product candidates that might be approved. In particular, a product may not be promoted
for uses that are not approved by the FDA or such other regulatory agencies as reflected in the product s approved labeling. If
the Company receives marketing approval for its product candidates for its proposed indications, physicians may nevertheless use its product
for their patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved label, if the physicians believe in their professional medical judgment
it could be used in such manner. However, if the Company is found to have promoted its product for any off-label uses, the federal government
could levy civil, criminal and/or administrative penalties, and seek fines against us. The FDA, Department of Justice or other regulatory
authorities could also request that we enter into a consent decree or a corporate integrity agreement, or seek a permanent injunction
against us under which specified promotional conduct is monitored, changed or curtailed. If we cannot successfully manage the promotion
of LYMPHIR or any product candidates that receive approval, we could become subject to significant liability, which would materially adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The markets in which we operate are highly
competitive and we might be unable to compete successfully against new entrants or established companies. 

Competition in the pharmaceutical and medical
products industries is intense and is characterized by costly sales and marketing infrastructures, as well as extensive research efforts
and rapid technological progress. We are aware of several pharmaceutical companies also actively engaged in the development of therapies
or products for at least some of the same conditions we are targeting. Many of these companies have substantially greater research and
development capabilities as well as substantially greater marketing, financial and human resources than we do. In addition, many of these
companies have significantly greater experience than us in undertaking pre-clinical testing, clinical trials and other regulatory approval
procedures. Our competitors may develop technologies and products that are more effective than those we are researching and developing.
Such developments could render our product candidates, if approved, less competitive or possibly obsolete. We are also competing with
respect to marketing capabilities and manufacturing efficiency, areas in which we have no current capabilities and in which we have no
experience as a company, although our executive officers do have pharmaceutical commercialization and launch experience. We, through Citius
Oncology, have contracted with Innovation Partners, a large third-party commercial sales and marketing organization with an existing commercial
infrastructure and product launch experience to assist in our commercial efforts for LYMPHIR. However, our prior experience and our third
party arrangements might not translate into the successful development and launch of LYMPHIR or any of our product candidates. Mergers,
acquisitions, joint ventures and similar events may also significantly increase the competition we face. In addition, new developments,
including the development of other drug technologies and methods of preventing the incidence of disease, occur in the pharmaceutical and
medical technology industries at a rapid pace. These developments may render our approved products and our product candidates obsolete
or noncompetitive. Compared to us, many of our potential competitors have substantially greater as well as access to strategic partners
and capital resources. 

As a result of these factors, our competitors
may obtain regulatory approval of their products more rapidly than we can or may obtain patent protection or other intellectual property
rights that limit our ability to develop or commercialize our product candidates. Our competitors might also develop products that are
more effective, more useful and less costly than ours and might also be more successful in manufacturing and marketing their products.
In addition, our competitors might be more effective than us in commercializing their products and as a result, our business and prospects
might be materially harmed. 

Physicians and patients might not accept
and use any of our product candidates for which regulatory approval is obtained. 

Even if the FDA approves one of our product candidates,
physicians and patients might not accept and use it. Acceptance and use of our approved product candidates will depend upon a number of
factors, including: 

perceptions by members of the health care community, including physicians, about the safety and effectiveness of any of our product candidates; 

perceptions by members of the health care community, including physicians, about the use of our product candidates versus the then respective standards of care for the disease or problem that we seek to address with our product candidates; 

cost-effectiveness of our product candidates relative to competing products or therapies; 

39 

availability of reimbursement for our product candidates from government or other healthcare payers; and 

effective marketing and distribution efforts by us and/or our licensees and distributors, if any. 

If any of our current product candidates are approved,
we expect their sales to generate substantially all of our revenues for the foreseeable future, and as a result, the failure of any of
these product candidates to find market acceptance would harm our business and would require us to seek additional financing. Prior to
the planned distribution of our Citius Oncology shares to our stockholders, we anticipate LYMPHIR will be our only revenue-generating
product for the foreseeable future, unless and until we are able to gain approval for another product candidate, namely Mino-Lok. 

Our ability to generate product revenues
will be diminished if any of our product candidates that may be approved sell for inadequate prices or patients are unable to obtain adequate
levels of reimbursement. 

Our ability to commercialize our approved product
candidates, alone or with collaborators, will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement will be available from: 

government and health administration authorities; 

private health maintenance organizations and health insurers; and 

other healthcare payers. 

Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement
status of newly approved healthcare products. Healthcare payers, including Medicare, are challenging the prices charged for medical products
and services. Government and other healthcare payers increasingly attempt to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the
level of reimbursement for drugs. Even if our product candidates are approved by the FDA, insurance coverage might not be available, and
reimbursement levels might be inadequate, to cover our products. If government and other healthcare payers do not provide adequate coverage
and reimbursement levels for our products, once approved, market acceptance of such products could be reduced. We cannot predict whether
federal or state legislation will be passed that may impact reimbursement policies nor what the impact of any such legislation would be
on the healthcare industry in general or on our business specifically. 

We are actively engaged with CMS in order to obtain
the necessary coverage to facilitate reimbursement for LYMPHIR. However, we can offer no assurance as to any reimbursement coverage. 

Health administration authorities in countries
other than the U.S. may not provide reimbursement for our products at rates sufficient for us to achieve profitability, or at all. Like
the U.S., these countries have considered health care reform proposals and could materially alter their government-sponsored health care
programs by reducing reimbursement rates. Any reduction in reimbursement rates under Medicare or foreign health care programs could negatively
affect the pricing of our approved product candidates. If we are not able to charge a sufficient amount for our approved product candidates,
then our margins and our profitability will be adversely affected. 

Healthcare reform measures could hinder
or prevent our product candidates commercial success. 

There have been, and the Company expects there
will continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes to health care systems in the U.S. and abroad that could impact its
ability to sell its products profitably. The U.S. government and other governments have shown significant interest in pursuing healthcare
reform. For example, in 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ACA was enacted, which substantially changed
the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers in the U.S. Healthcare reform measures like the ACA may adversely
impact the pricing of healthcare products and services in the U.S. or internationally and the amount of reimbursement available from governmental
agencies or other third-party payors. 

Since its enactment, there have been ongoing efforts
to modify the ACA and its implementing regulations. The Company cannot predict what healthcare reform measures may be enacted by the U.S.
Congress or implemented by any administration or how such efforts would impact its business. Litigation and legislation over the ACA and
other healthcare reform measures are likely to continue, with unpredictable and uncertain results. Further, additional legislative changes
to and regulatory changes under or related to the ACA remain possible. 

40 

In addition, other legislative changes have been
proposed and adopted in the U.S. since the ACA was enacted that impact government health programs. Moreover, payment methodologies may
be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. For example, CMS may develop new payment and delivery models,
such as bundled payment models. In addition, recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers
set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and
state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under
government payor programs, and review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs. The Company expects that additional
U.S. federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal health care programs
and commercial payers will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our product candidates,
if approved, or additional pricing pressures. 

Individual states in the U.S. have also increasingly
passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient
reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures,
and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price controls on payment
amounts by third party payors or other restrictions could harm its business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition,
regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products
and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. Furthermore, there has been increased interest
by third party payors and governmental authorities in reference pricing systems and publication of discounts and list prices. These or
other reforms could reduce the ultimate demand for our product candidates, if approved, or put pressure on its product pricing. 

The Company cannot predict the likelihood, nature
or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action in the U.S. If the Company or any third
parties it may engage are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies,
or if the Company or such third parties are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, any approved product candidates may lose any regulatory
approval that may have been obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 

We are and will be dependent on third-party
contract research organizations to conduct all of our clinical trials. 

We are and will be dependent on third-party research
organizations to conduct all of our clinical trials with respect to our product candidates, including any candidates that we may develop
in the future. If we are unable to obtain any necessary testing services on acceptable terms, we may not complete our product development
efforts in a timely or cost-effective manner or at all. If we rely on third parties for human trials, we may lose some control over these
activities and become too dependent upon these parties. These third parties may not complete testing activities on schedule or when we
so request. We may not be able to secure and maintain suitable research organizations to conduct our human trials. We are responsible
for confirming that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the trial s general plan and protocol. Moreover,
the FDA and foreign regulatory agencies require us to comply with regulations and standards, commonly referred to as good clinical practices,
for conducting, recording, and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate
and that the trial participants are adequately protected. Our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of these responsibilities
and requirements. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or regulatory obligations or meet expected
deadlines, if the third parties need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due to the failure
to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our preclinical development activities or clinical
trials may be extended, delayed, suspended or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for any of our product
candidates. 

Any termination, or breach by, or conflict
with our strategic partners could harm our business . 

If we or any of our current or future collaborators
fail to renew or terminate any of our collaboration or license agreements or if either party fails to satisfy its obligations under any
of our collaboration or license agreements or complete them in a timely manner, we could have difficulty completing the development of
any of our product candidates and potentially lose significant sources of revenue, which could result in an adverse impact on our operations
and financial condition as well as volatility in any future revenue. In addition, our agreements with our collaborators may have provisions
that give rise to disputes regarding the rights and obligations of the parties. These and other possible disagreements could lead to termination
of the agreement or delays in collaborative research, development, supply, or commercialization of our product candidates, or could require
or result in litigation or arbitration. Any such conflicts with our collaborators could reduce our ability to obtain future collaboration
agreements and could have a negative impact on our relationship with existing collaborators, adversely affecting our business and revenues.
Finally, any of our collaborations may prove to be unsuccessful. 

We rely on the significant experience and
specialized expertise of our executive management and other key personnel and the loss of any of our executive management or key personnel
or our inability to successfully hire their successors could harm our business. 

Our performance is substantially dependent on
the continued services and on the performance of our executive management and other key personnel, who have extensive experience and specialized
expertise in our business. Our Chief Executive Officer, Leonard Mazur, our Vice Chairman, Myron Holubiak, our Chief Financial Officer
and Chief Business Officer, Jaime Bartushak, and our Chief Medical Officer and Executive Vice President, Myron Czuczman, in particular
have significant experience in the running of pharmaceutical companies and/or drug development itself. This depth of experience is of
significant benefit to us, especially given the small size of our management team and our company, including our subsidiaries. The loss
of the services of any of Mr. Mazur, Mr. Holubiak and Dr. Czuczman as well as any other member of our executive management or any key
employees, including those at NoveCite or Citius Oncology, could harm our ability to attract capital and develop and commercialize our
product candidates. Neither we nor NoveCite nor Citius Oncology has key man life insurance policies. 

41 

If we are unable to retain or hire additional
qualified personnel, our ability to grow our business might be harmed. 

We utilize the services of a clinical management
team on a part-time basis to assist us in managing our ongoing Phase 2 and Phase 3 trials and intend to do so for future preclinical and
clinical trials. Pursuant to the shared services agreement with Citius Pharma, Citius Oncology utilizes the services of Citius Pharma s
management team to assist it in managing the clinical and pre-clinical trials. Pursuant to the amended and restated shared services agreement,
Citius Oncology will continue to utilize the services of Citius Pharma employees with expertise in product manufacturing and commercialization
for the planned launch of LYMPHIR. While we believe this will provide us with sufficient staffing for our current and future development
efforts, we will need to hire or contract with additional qualified personnel with expertise in preclinical testing, clinical research
and testing, government regulation, formulation and manufacturing and sales and marketing in connection with the continued development,
regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates. We compete for qualified individuals with numerous pharmaceutical
and biopharmaceutical companies, universities, and other research institutions. 

All but one of Citius Oncology s board members
are also directors of Citius Pharma, and the executive officers of Citius Oncology are also employees of Citius Pharma pursuant to the
shared services agreement. Citius Oncology expects to rely on these individuals and the other expertise and personnel made available under
the shared services agreement for the foreseeable future. 

Competition for qualified directors, officers
and employees is intense, and we cannot be certain that our retention of these individuals or any search for additional such personnel
will be successful. Attracting and retaining qualified personnel will be critical to our success. As a small company with no marketed
product and with limited resources, we might not be able to compete with more established entities for the attraction and retention of
qualified directors, officers and employees. In addition, we may be unable to attract and retain those qualified officers, directors and
members of board committees required to provide for effective management. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees,
officers and directors, the management and operation of our business could be adversely affected. 

We expect to need to increase the size of
our organization to further develop our product candidates, and we may experience difficulties in managing growth. 

We will need to manage our anticipated growth
and increased operational activity, including as a result of the planned launch by Citius Oncology of LYMPHIR and our other product candidates.
Our personnel, systems, and facilities currently in place may not be adequate to support this future growth. Our need to effectively execute
our growth strategy will require that we: 

manage our research and development activities and our regulatory trials effectively; 

attract and motivate sufficient numbers of talented employees or consultants; 

manage our internal development efforts effectively while complying with our contractual obligations to licensors, licensees, contractors, collaborators and other third parties; 

develop internal sales and marketing capabilities or establish collaborations with third parties with such capabilities; 

commercialize our product candidates; and 

improve our operational, financial and management
 controls, reporting systems and procedures. 

This planned future growth could place a
strain on our administrative and operational infrastructure and may require our management to divert a disproportionate amount of its
attention away from our day-to-day activities. We may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations or recruit and
train additional qualified personnel, which may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, and give rise to operational mistakes, loss
of business opportunities, loss of employees and consultants and reduced productivity among remaining employees and consultants. We may
not be able to make improvements to our management information and control systems in an efficient or timely manner and may discover deficiencies
in existing systems and controls. If our management is unable to effectively manage our expected growth, our expenses may increase more
than expected, our ability to generate or increase our revenues could be reduced and we may not be able to implement our business strategy.
Our future financial performance and our ability to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any
future growth. 

42 

We are subject
to information technology and cyber-security threats which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our business is increasingly
dependent on information technology systems, including Internet-based systems, to support our business processes and internal and external
communications. We have outsourced significant elements of these systems and our information technology infrastructure and operations
to third-party service providers who provide and maintain these systems, maintain proprietary and sensitive information on our behalf,
and provide related information technology services that are important to our operations. We and these service providers have taken measures
that are designed to ensure the secure and uninterrupted operation of our information technology systems and to protect those systems
against cybersecurity threats. For more information on how we manage cybersecurity risk, see Item 1C -- Cybersecurity in this Report. 

Despite our and our service
providers efforts to protect our information technology systems against cybersecurity threats and other disruptions, we are vulnerable
to damage to and disruption of those systems from computer viruses and other malware, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication
and electrical failures, and cyberattacks or cyber intrusions. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyberattacks
or cyber intrusions by computer hackers, foreign governments, and cyber-terrorists, has increased as the number, intensity, and sophistication
of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. A security breach or other damage to or disruption of our information
technology systems could cause interruptions to our operations, including material disruptions of our product development programs. For
example, the loss of data from completed, ongoing, or planned clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts
and cause us to incur significant costs to recover or reproduce the data, resulting in lost revenues and delays in further development
of our product candidates. 

A security breach or
other damage to or disruption of our information technology systems could also lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual
property, result in the theft of funds or demands for ransom, and lead to the unauthorized exposure of personal information (including
sensitive personal information) of our employees, clinical trial patients, customers, and others. We could be required to spend significant
financial and other resources to respond to and remedy the damage caused by such an incident, including the costs to recover data or to
repair or replace networks and information technology systems, increased cybersecurity protection costs, and increased insurance premiums.
If we or our suppliers and/or service providers fail to maintain or protect our information technology systems effectively and in compliance
with U.S. and foreign laws, or otherwise to prevent, detect, or control security breaches or other system disruptions, we could also be
exposed to government investigations, become subject to lawsuits or other legal proceedings, and experience damage to our reputation,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. 

We plan to grow and develop our business
through acquisitions of or investment in new or complementary businesses, products or technologies, and the failure to manage these acquisitions
or investments, or the failure to integrate them with our existing business, could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Our business strategy is based on the acquisition
of additional product candidates. This is evidenced by our in-licensing of NoveCite in October 2020 and LYMPHIR in September 2021. We
might consider opportunities to acquire or invest in other technologies, products and businesses that might enhance our capabilities or
complement our current product candidates. Potential and completed acquisitions and strategic investments involve numerous risks, including
potential problems or issues associated with the following: 

assimilating the acquired technologies, products, or business operations; 

maintaining uniform standards, procedures, controls, and policies; 

unanticipated costs associated with the acquisition or investment; 

diversion of our management s attention from our preexisting business; 

maintaining or obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals or complying with regulatory standards; and 

adverse effects on existing business operations. 

We have no current commitments with respect to
any acquisition or investment in other technologies or businesses. We do not know if we will identify other suitable acquisitions, whether
we will be able to successfully complete any acquisitions, or whether we will be able to successfully integrate any acquired product,
technology or business into our business operations or retain key personnel, suppliers, or collaborators. 

43 

Our ability to successfully develop our business
through acquisitions will depend on our ability to identify, negotiate, complete, and integrate suitable target businesses or technologies
and obtain any necessary financing. These efforts could be expensive and time consuming and might disrupt our ongoing operations. If we
are unable to efficiently integrate any acquired business, technology or product into our business operations, our business and financial
condition might be adversely affected. 

Conflicts of interest may arise from our
relationship with Citius Oncology and NoveCite. 

As of September 30, 2024, we beneficially owned
approximately 92.3 of the voting power of Citius Oncology (Nasdaq: CTOR) and 75 of the voting power of NoveCite s outstanding common
stock and Novellus owns the other 25 of NoveCite. As a result of our partial ownership, our relationship with each of Citius Oncology
and NoveCite could give rise to certain conflicts of interest that could have an impact on our, Citius Oncology s and NoveCite s
respective research and development programs, business opportunities, and operations generally. 

Even though we utilize different technologies than Citius Oncology and NoveCite, we could find ourselves in competition with it for research scientists, financing and other resources, licensing, manufacturing, and distribution arrangements. 

Citius Oncology and NoveCite will engage for its own business in research and product development programs, investments, and business ventures, and we will not be entitled to participate or to receive an interest in those programs, investments, or business ventures other than to the extent as a stockholder in the subsidiary. Citius Oncology and NoveCite will not be obligated to present any particular research and development, investment, or business opportunity to us, even if the opportunity would be within the scope of our research and development plans or programs, business objectives, or investment policies. These opportunities may include, for example, opportunities to acquire businesses or assets, including but not limited to patents and other intellectual property that could be used by us or by Citius Oncology or NoveCite. 

Each conflict of interest will be resolved by our respective boards of directors in keeping with their fiduciary duties and such policies as they may implement from time to time. 

There is overlap among our board of directors, senior management and research staffs and that of Citius Oncology and NoveCite. All of our directors also serve as directors of Citius Oncology. Two of our directors, Leonard Mazur and Myron Holubiak, also serve as directors of NoveCite. In addition, Myron Holubiak serves as Chief Executive Officer and Jaime Bartushak serves as Chief Financial Officer of each of Citius Pharma, Citius Oncology and NoveCite. These overlapping positions could interfere with the duties owed by such individuals to Citius Pharma. 

Risks Related to Our Regulatory and Legal Environment 

We might not obtain the necessary U.S. or
foreign regulatory approvals to commercialize any current product candidates. 

We cannot assure you that we will receive the
approvals necessary to commercialize for sale any product candidates we are currently developing or that we may acquire or seek to develop
in the future. We will need FDA approval to commercialize our product candidates in the U.S. In order to obtain FDA approval of any product
candidate, we must submit to the FDA an NDA or a BLA demonstrating that the product candidate is safe for humans and effective for its
intended use. This demonstration requires significant research, pre-clinical studies, and clinical trials. Satisfaction of the FDA s
regulatory requirements typically takes many years, depends upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidate and requires
substantial resources for research, development and testing. We cannot predict whether our research and clinical approaches will result
in products that the FDA considers safe for humans and effective for their indicated uses. The FDA has substantial discretion in the product
approval process and might require us to conduct additional pre-clinical and clinical testing, perform post-marketing studies or otherwise
limit or impose conditions on any additional approvals we obtain. The approval process might also be delayed by changes in government
regulation, future legislation or administrative action or changes in FDA policy that occur prior to or during our product candidate s
regulatory review. Delays in obtaining regulatory approvals might: 

delay commercialization of, and our ability to derive product revenues from, our product candidates; 

impose costly procedures on us; and 

diminish any competitive advantages that we might otherwise enjoy. 

Even if we comply with all FDA requests, the FDA
might ultimately reject one or more of our NDAs or BLAs. Even if we are able to obtain regulatory approval for a particular product candidate,
the approval might limit the indicated medical uses for the product, limit our ability to promote, sell, and distribute the product, require
that we conduct costly post-marketing surveillance, and/or require that we conduct ongoing post-marketing studies. We cannot be sure that
we will ever obtain regulatory clearance for any of our product candidates. Failure to obtain FDA approval of one or more of our product
candidates could severely undermine our business by leaving us without saleable products, and therefore without any potential sources
of revenues, until another product candidate could be developed or obtained and successfully developed, approved and commercialized. Foreign
jurisdictions impose similar regulatory approval processes and we will face the same risks if we seek foreign approval for any of our
product candidates. There is no guarantee that we will ever be able to successfully develop or acquire any product candidate. 

44 

Following any regulatory approval of any
product candidate, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and restrictions, which may result in significant expense and
limit our ability to commercialize our other product candidates. 

When a product candidates is approved by the FDA
or by a foreign regulatory authority, we will be required to comply with extensive regulations for product manufacturing, labeling, packaging,
adverse event reporting, storage, distribution, advertising, promotion and record keeping. Regulatory approvals may also be subject to
significant limitations on the indicated uses or marketing of the products or to whom and how we may distribute an approved product. Even
if U.S. regulatory approval is obtained, the FDA may still impose significant restrictions on a product s indicated uses or marketing
or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly post-approval studies. For example, the label ultimately approved for any of our
product candidates, if any, may include restrictions on use. If so, we may be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and restrictions,
which may result in significant expense and limit our ability to commercialize that product candidate. The FDA could also require a registry
to track the patients utilizing the product or implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS that could restrict
access to the product, which would reduce our revenues and/or increase our costs. Potentially costly post-marketing clinical studies may
be required as a condition of approval to further substantiate safety or efficacy, or to investigate specific issues of interest to the
regulatory authority. Similar risks apply in foreign jurisdictions. 

Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products and their
facilities are subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP
regulations, which include requirements relating to quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of
records and documentation. Similar regulatory programs exist in foreign jurisdictions. Further, regulatory agencies must approve these
manufacturing facilities before they can be used to manufacture our future approved products, if any, and these facilities are subject
to ongoing regulatory inspections. In addition, regulatory agencies subject a pharmaceutical product, its manufacturer and the manufacturer s
facilities to continual review and inspections. The subsequent discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse
events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, may result in restrictions
on the marketing of that product, up to and including, withdrawal of the product from the market. If the manufacturing facilities of our
suppliers fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, it could result in regulatory action and additional costs to us. Failure
to comply with applicable FDA and other regulatory requirements may, either before or after product approval, if any, subject our company
to administrative or judicially imposed sanctions. 

In addition, the law or regulatory policies governing
pharmaceutical products may change. New statutory requirements may be enacted or additional regulations may be enacted that could prevent
or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. CMOs and their vendors or suppliers may also face changes in regulatory requirements
from governmental agencies in the U.S. and other countries. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature, extent or effects of government
regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the U.S. or elsewhere. If we are not able to maintain
regulatory compliance, we might not be permitted to market any future approved products and our business could suffer. 

We could be forced to pay substantial damage
awards if product liability claims that may be brought against us are successful. 

The use of any of our product candidates in pre-clinical
and clinical trials, and the sale of any approved products, may expose us to liability claims and financial losses resulting from the
use or sale of our product candidates. We have obtained limited product liability insurance coverage for our pre-clinical and clinical
trials of 5.0 million per occurrence and in the aggregate, subject to a deductible of 25,000 per bodily injury and property damage occurrence,
and a medical expense per person limit of 25,000. There can be no assurance that our existing insurance coverage will extend to any other
product candidates in the future. Any product liability insurance coverage may not be sufficient to satisfy all liabilities resulting
from product liability claims. A successful claim may prevent us from obtaining adequate product liability insurance in the future on
commercially desirable terms, if at all. Even if a claim is not successful, defending such a claim would be time consuming and expensive,
may damage that product s and our reputations in the marketplace, and would likely divert management s attention, any of which
could have a material adverse effect on our Company. 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

Our business depends on protecting our intellectual
property. 

Without the intellectual property rights we have
already obtained, as well as the further rights we are also pursuing, our competitors would have opportunity to take advantage of our
research and development efforts to develop competing products. Our success, competitive position, and future revenues, if any, depend
in part on our ability and the abilities of our licensors to obtain and maintain patent protection for our product candidates, methods,
processes and other technologies, to preserve our trade secrets, to prevent third parties from infringing on our proprietary rights and
to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. We anticipate filing additional patent applications both in the
U.S. and in other countries, as appropriate. However, the patent process is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, and there can
be no assurance that we will be successful in protecting our product candidates by obtaining and defending patents. These risks and uncertainties
include the following: 

Our patent rights might be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, or otherwise might not provide any competitive advantage; 

Our competitors, many of which have substantially greater resources than we do and many of which might make significant investments in competing technologies, might seek, or might already have obtained, patents that will limit, interfere with, or eliminate our ability to make, use, and sell our product candidates either in the U.S. or in international markets; 

Countries other than the U.S. might have less restrictive patent laws than those upheld by U.S. courts, allowing foreign competitors the ability to exploit these laws to create, develop, and market competing products; and 

As a matter of public policy regarding worldwide health concerns, there might be significant pressure on the U.S. government and other international governmental bodies to limit the scope of patent protection both inside and outside the U.S. for product candidates that prove successful. 

45 

In addition, the USPTO and patent offices in other
jurisdictions have often required that patent applications concerning pharmaceutical and/or biotechnology-related inventions be limited
or narrowed substantially to cover only the specific innovations exemplified in the patent application, thereby limiting the scope of
protection against competitive challenges. Thus, even if we or our licensors are able to obtain patents, the patents might be substantially
narrower than anticipated. 

Because the time period from filing a patent application
to the issuance, if ever, of the patent is often more than three years and because any regulatory approval and marketing for a pharmaceutical
product often occurs several years after the related patent application is filed, the resulting market exclusivity afforded by any patent
on our drug candidates and technologies will likely be substantially less than 20 years. For example, the U.S. patent on the original
Mino-Lok composition expired in June 2024, and the U.S. patent on the stabilized Mino-Lok composition expires in November 2036. Since
we anticipate significant additional time before FDA approval could be obtained, the maximum market exclusivity afforded by the statutory
term of the currently issued patents would be less than 16 years. In the U.S., the European Union and some other jurisdictions, patent
term extensions are available for certain delays in either patent office proceedings or marketing and regulatory approval processes. However,
due to the specific requirements for obtaining these extensions, there is no assurance that our patents will be granted extensions even
if we encounter significant delays in patent office proceedings or marketing and regulatory approval. 

Additionally, patent law is subject to change
and varies among the U.S. and foreign countries. Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the U.S. federal courts, the USPTO or similar
authorities in foreign jurisdictions, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that may weaken our
and our licensors abilities to obtain new patents or to enforce existing patents that we and our licensors or partners may obtain
in the future. 

Patent and other intellectual property protection
is crucial to the success of our business and prospects, and there is a substantial risk that such protections will prove inadequate.
Our business and prospects will be harmed if these protections prove insufficient. 

We rely on trade secret protections through
confidentiality agreements with our employees and other parties, and the breach of these agreements could adversely affect our business
and prospects. 

We rely on trade secrets, which we seek to protect,
in part, through confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with our employees, collaborators, suppliers, and other parties. There
can be no assurance that these agreements will not be breached, that we would have adequate remedies for any such breach or that our trade
secrets will not otherwise become known to or independently developed by our competitors. We might be involved from time to time in litigation
to determine the enforceability, scope and validity of our proprietary rights. Any such litigation could result in substantial cost and
divert management s attention from our operations. 

If we infringe the rights of third parties
we might have to forego developing and/or selling any approved products, pay damages, or defend against litigation. 

If our product candidates, methods, processes,
and other technologies infringe the proprietary rights of other parties, we could incur substantial costs and we might have to: 

obtain licenses, which might not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all; 

abandon an infringing product candidate; 

redesign our product candidates or processes to avoid infringement; 

stop using the subject matter claimed in the patents held by others; 

pay damages; and/or 

defend litigation or administrative proceedings which might be costly whether we win or lose, and which could result in a substantial diversion of our financial and management resources. 

Any of these events could substantially harm our
earnings, financial condition, and operations. 

The U.S. government could have march-in
rights to certain of our intellectual property. 

If at any time federal monies are used in support
of the research and development activities at MDACC that resulted or in the future result in certain of our issued pending U.S. patent
applications, the federal government retains what are referred to as march-in rights to patents that are granted on these
applications. Our license agreement for Mino-Lok provides that in the event of such governmental funding, our rights are subject to the
government s prior rights, if any. In addition, the license agreement provides that we will comply with the requirements of any
agreement between MDACC and the governmental funding entity. If applicable, this could require us to grant the U.S. government either
a nonexclusive, partially exclusive, or exclusive license to the patented invention in any field of use, upon terms that are reasonable
for a particular situation. Circumstances that could trigger march-in rights generally would be set out in the agreement between MDACC
and the funding governmental entity and could include, for example, failure to take, within a reasonable time, effective steps to achieve
practical application of the invention in a field of use, failure to satisfy the health and safety needs of the public and failure to
meet requirements of public use specified by federal regulations. A funding governmental entity could elect to exercise these march-in
rights on their own initiative or at the request of a third party; however, the exercise of such march-in rights has been historically
rare when the patent holder (or its licensee) is practicing the patent invention although there can be no assurance that such rights would
not be exercised. This same risk would apply to any other license into which we enter if the licensor receives government funding for
the product candidate that is the subject of the license. 

46 

If our trademarks and trade names are not
adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition and our business, financial condition and results of operations
may be adversely affected. 

We have registered a trademark with the USPTO
for the marks LYMPHIR and Mino-Lok . These and any other trademarks or trade names we may obtain may be challenged,
infringed, diluted, tarnished, circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. The Company may not be
able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name recognition among potential partners or customers
in the markets of interest. At times, competitors or other third parties may adopt similar trade names or trademarks, thereby impeding
our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark
infringement, dilution or tarnishment claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations
of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based
on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business, financial condition and results of
operations may be adversely affected. The Company s efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks,
trade secrets, domain names, copyrights or other intellectual property may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion
of resources. 

Risks Related to the Recently Completed Merger
of Citius Oncology 

We may be unable to achieve some or all
of the benefits that we expect to achieve from the Merger. 

The Company believes that separating LYMPHIR into
a standalone entity will create two focused standalone public companies that are better positioned to pursue their strategic priorities,
invest in growth opportunities, and attract new investors. The Company also believes that the Merger will result in significant benefits
to our Company and our stockholders as a result of unlocking the value we believe that Citius Oncology will have as a standalone publicly
traded company. However, by separating from Citius Pharma, Citius Oncology might be more susceptible to market fluctuations and we may
be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect Citius Oncology to achieve as an independent company in the time we expect,
if at all. Further, if the Merger s benefits do not meet the expectations of financial analysts, or due to the other factors discussed
in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this report, the market price of both Citius Pharma common stock and
Citius Oncology common stock might decline or increase in volatility. 

Additionally, as previously announced by the Company,
Citius Pharma intends to distribute Citius Oncology shares to its stockholders at a yet-to-be-determined date in the future, following
the expiration of the six-month lockup period, in accordance with terms of the amended and restated registration rights agreement entered
into in connection with the Merger. Following the distribution of the Citius Oncology shares, Citius Pharmaceuticals will not be entitled
to any benefits that flow from the commercialization by Citius Oncology of LYMPHIR or would otherwise be derived from Citius Oncology
if it were to remain a majority-owned subsidiary. 

A planned distribution by Citius Pharma
to its stockholders of shares of Citius Oncology could result in significant tax liability to Citius Pharma and our stockholders. 

A planned distribution of Citius Oncology shares
to our stockholders would not qualify for non-recognition of gain and loss, and therefore, our stockholders could be subject to tax. Each
U.S. holder who received Citius Oncology stock in a distribution would generally be treated as receiving a distribution in an amount equal
to the fair market value of Citius Oncology common stock received, which would generally result in (i) a taxable dividend to the stockholder
to the extent that stockholder s pro rata share of Citius Pharma s current or accumulated earnings and profits; (ii) a reduction
in the stockholder s basis (but not below zero) in Citius Pharma s common stock to the extent the amount received exceeds
the stockholder s shares of Citius Pharma s earnings and profits; and (iii) a taxable gain from the exchange of Citius Pharma s
stock to the extent the amount received exceeds the sum of the stockholder s share of Citius Pharma s earnings and profits
and the stockholder s basis in its Citius Pharma stock. 

Citius Pharma will also recognize a taxable gain
in an amount up to the fair market value of any distributed Citius Oncology stock in excess of the taxable basis in such distributed shares. 

47 

Risks Related to Our Securities 

Our failure to maintain compliance with
Nasdaq s continued listing requirements could result in the delisting of our common stock. 

Citius Pharma common stock is currently listed
on The Nasdaq Capital Market. In order to maintain this listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other requirements. 

On September 12, 2023, Citius Pharma received
a notification letter from Nasdaq indicating that we were not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) because the minimum bid
price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market closed below 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days the Bid Price
Rule ). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company has a compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until
March 11, 2024, to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. On March 12, 2024, the Company received
formal notice that Nasdaq granted the Company s request for an extension through September 9, 2024 to evidence compliance with the
Bid Price Rule. 

As the Company did not
regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule by September 9, 2024, the Company received a delisting determination letter on September 10, 2024.
Accordingly, the Company timely requested a hearing before a Nasdaq Hearing Panel Panel ). The hearing request automatically
stayed any suspension or delisting action pending the hearing and the expiration of any additional extension period granted by the Panel
following the hearing. In that regard, pursuant to the Nasdaq Listing Rules, the Panel has the discretion to grant the Company an additional
extension period not to exceed 180 days from the date of the delisting determination letter. 

On November 6, 2024,
the Company received notification that the Panel, which determined that the Company must be in compliance with the Bid Price Rule by December
3, 2024. 

On December 18, 2024,
the Company received notification from Nasdaq that it had regained compliance with the Bid Price Rule. 

While Citius Pharma intends to engage in efforts
to regain compliance, and thus maintain our listing, there can be no assurance that we will be successful or, if successful, continue
to meet all applicable Nasdaq Capital Market requirements in the future. 

If Citius Pharma s common stock were to
be removed from listing with Nasdaq, it may be subject to the so-called penny stock rules. The SEC has adopted regulations
that define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price per share of less than 5.00, subject to certain
exceptions, such as any securities listed on a national securities exchange, which is the exception on which we currently rely. For any
transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers,
subject to certain exceptions. If our common stock were delisted and determined to be a penny stock, a broker-dealer may
find it more difficult to trade our common stock and an investor may find it more difficult to acquire or dispose of our common stock
on the secondary market. 

If Citius Pharma s common stock is delisted
and there is no longer an active trading market for our shares, it may, among other things: 

cause stockholders difficulty in selling Citius Pharma s shares without depressing the market price for the shares or selling the shares at all; 

substantially impair the ability to raise additional funds; 

result in a loss of institutional investor interest and fewer financing opportunities; and/or 

result in potential breaches of representations or covenants of agreements pursuant to which Citius Pharma made representations or covenants relating to compliance with applicable listing requirements. Claims related to any such breaches, with or without merit, could result in costly litigation, significant liabilities and diversion of management s time and attention and could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, business and results of operations. 

A delisting would also reduce the value of Citius
Pharma s equity compensation plans, which could negatively impact the ability to retain employees. 

48 

The market price of the Company s common
stock is highly volatile, and you may lose some or all of your investment. 

The market price of the Company s common
stock has fluctuated significantly due to a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including those factors discussed
in this Risk Factors and Risk Factor Summary section and many others, such as: 

the Company s cash resources available to continue commercialization
and development of LYMPHIR; 

the Company s ability to meet its contractual obligations; 

the ability of the Company to regain and maintain compliance with the Nasdaq
continued listing requirements, including by implementing a reverse stock split; 

Company s ability to commercialize its product candidates, if approved
and Citius Oncology s ability to commercialize LYMPHIR; 

the level of success and the cost of Company s marketing efforts for
its product candidates, if approved; 

unanticipated serious safety concerns related to the use of its product candidates; 

announcements regarding results of any pre-clinical or clinical trials relating
to Company s product candidates; 

adverse regulatory decisions; 

changes in laws or regulations applicable to any product candidates, including
but not limited to clinical trial requirements for approvals; 

the Company s dependence on third parties; 

future issuances of debt or equity securities; 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in the Company s financial condition
and operating results, including fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results; 

the Company s inability to establish additional partnerships, the termination
of license agreements by our existing partners or announcements by our partners regarding therapeutic candidates generated using our platform; 

the introduction of new technologies or enhancements to existing technology
by the Company or others in the industry; 

the recruitment or departures of key scientific or management personnel; 

announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint
ventures or capital commitments by the Company or our competitors; 

the Company s failure to meet the estimates and projections of the
investment community or that we may otherwise provide to the public; 

publication of research reports about the Company or our industry, or antibody
discovery in particular, or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts; 

changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 

overall performance of the equity markets; 

49 

announcements or actions taken by Citius Oncology as a majority-owned subsidiary
of the Company; 

the planned distribution of shares common stock of Citius Oncology by Citius
Pharma; 

sales of shares of common stock by Citius Pharma; 

trading volume of the Company s Common Stock; 

legal disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including
patents, litigation matters and Company s ability to obtain and maintain patent protection of its product candidates, government
investigations and the results of any proceedings or lawsuits, including, but not limited to, patent or stockholder litigation; 

significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation; 

the impact of any natural disasters or public health emergencies, such as
the COVID-19 pandemic; 

general economic, industry and market conditions other events or factors,
many of which are beyond the Company s control; and 

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations or
principles. 

In addition, in the past, stockholders have initiated
Company action lawsuits against biotechnology and biopharmaceutical companies following periods of volatility in the market prices of
these companies stock. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could cause the Company to incur substantial costs and divert
our management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

You may experience dilution of your ownership
interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into common stock. 

For the foreseeable future until LYMPHIR generates
revenue, if at all, we will need to raise capital to finance our operations, including possible acquisitions or strategic transactions.
To do so we might be required to issue equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of our present stockholders.
We are currently authorized to issue an aggregate of 16,000,000 shares of common stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. As of
September 30, 2024, after considering the impact of the subsequent 1-for-25 reverse stock split, there were 7,247,243 shares of common
stock outstanding, 2,945,337 shares underlying warrants with a weighted average exercise price of 31.685 per share and 656,084 shares
underlying options with a weighted average exercise price of 36.41 per share. We may also issue additional shares of our common stock
or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees, or for
other business purposes. The future issuance of any such additional shares of common stock or common stock equivalents may create downward
pressure on the trading price of our common stock or publicly traded warrants. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation allows
for our Board of Directors to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our stockholders, which could adversely
affect the rights of the holders of the common stock. 

Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue
up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of any such preferred stock without
further stockholder approval. As a result, our Board of Directors could authorize the issuance of one or more series of preferred stock
that would grant preferential rights to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed
to the holders of common stock and the right to the redemption of the preferred shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption
of the common stock. In addition, our Board of Directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater
voting power than the common stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of the
common stock or result in dilution to our existing stockholders. 

50 

We have not paid cash dividends in the past
and we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any return on investment may be limited to the capital appreciation,
if any, of our common stock. 

We have not paid cash dividends on our common
stock and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on its capital in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on the capital
stock will depend on the respective earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting them at such time
as the board of directors may consider relevant. In addition, the ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants in any future outstanding
indebtedness that either entity may incur. Since we do not intend to pay dividends, a stockholder s ability to receive a return
on such stockholder s investment will depend on any future appreciation in the market value of the Company s common stock.
There is no guarantee that the Company s common stock will appreciate or even maintain the price at which its stockholders have
purchased it. 

Provisions in our Amended and Restated Articles
of Incorporation, as amended, and under Nevada law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable and may lead to
entrenchment of management. 

Provisions of our articles of incorporation and
bylaws may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change of control or change in our management, including
transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares, or transactions that our stockholders might otherwise
deem to be in their best interests. Therefore, these provisions could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Among other things,
these provisions include: 

the authorization of 10,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock, the rights, preferences and privileges of which may be established and shares of which may be issued by our Board of Directors at its discretion from time to time and without stockholder approval; 

limiting the removal of directors by the stockholders; 

allowing for the creation of a staggered Board of Directors; 

eliminating the ability of stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders; and 

establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the Board of Directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholder meetings. 

Additionally , Nevada s combinations
with interested stockholders statutes prohibit certain business combinations between certain Nevada corporations
and any person deemed to be an interested stockholder for two years after such person first becomes an interested
stockholder unless (i) the corporation s Board of Directors approves the combination (or the transaction by which such person
becomes an interested stockholder in advance, or (ii) the combination is approved by the Board of Directors and 60 of
the corporation s voting power not beneficially owned by the interested stockholder, its affiliates and associates. Furthermore,
in the absence of prior approval, certain restrictions may apply even after such two-year period. For purposes of these statutes, an interested
stockholder is any person who is (x) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the outstanding
voting shares of the corporation, or (y) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the two previous years was
the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the corporation. The
definition of the term combination is sufficiently broad to cover most significant transactions between the corporation
and an interested stockholder . Subject to certain timing requirements set forth in the statutes, a corporation may elect
not to be governed by these statutes. We have not included any such provision in our articles of incorporation. 

We are not currently subject to Nevada s
 acquisition of controlling interest statutes that contain provisions governing the acquisition of a controlling interest
in certain Nevada corporations. If these laws were to apply to us, they might further discourage companies or persons interested in acquiring
a significant interest in or control of the Company, regardless of whether such acquisition may be in the interest of our stockholders. 

The effect of these statutes may be to potentially
discourage parties interested in taking control of the Company from doing so if it cannot obtain the approval of our Board of Directors. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

51 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity 

potential security threats through various automated detection
solutions. To protect the security of our information infrastructure and protect our systems and information from unauthorized access,
we draw on the knowledge and insights of an external information technology consultant who acts as our primary IT administrator and employ
an array of third-party tools and technologies. 

Governance 

overseeing
our enterprise risk management program. The Audit Committee receives updates on cybersecurity
and information technology matters and related risk exposures from our Chief Financial Officer. 

oversees the operation
of our cybersecurity program and has 10 years of executive experience overseeing risk management and internal controls. 

Item 2. Properties 

We lease our offices at 11 Commerce Drive, First
Floor, Cranford, New Jersey 07016. The lease runs until October 31, 2025. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are not involved in any litigation that we
believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding,
inquiry, or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to
the knowledge of our executive officers, threatened against or affecting our company or our officers or directors in their capacities
as such. 

In the future, we might from time to time become
involved in litigation relating to claims arising from our ordinary course of business. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

52 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The information regarding our equity compensation
plans required by this Item is found in Item 12 of this report. 

Market Information 

Our common stock trades on The Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol CTXR. 

Holders of Common Stock 

Based upon information furnished by our transfer
agent, as of December 18, 2024, we had approximately 91 stockholders of record of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We have never paid dividends on our common stock.
We intend to follow a policy of retaining earnings, if any, to finance the growth of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. The declaration and payment of future dividends on the common stock will be at sole discretion of
our Board of Directors and will depend on our profitability and financial condition, capital requirements, statutory and contractual restrictions,
future prospects and other factors deemed relevant by the Board. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the year ended September 30, 2024, we did
not issue or sell any unregistered securities not previously disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form
8-K. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

We did not make any purchases of our common stock
during the three months ended September 30, 2024, which is the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere
in this annual report on Form 10-K. Management s discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, such as statements
of our plans, objectives, expectations, and intentions. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking
statements. When used, the words believe, plan, intend, anticipate, target, 
 estimate, expect and the like, and/or future tense or conditional constructions will, may, 
 could, should, etc.), or similar expressions, identify these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties including those under Risk Factors in Item 1A in this Form 10-K that could
cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Our actual results
and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors.
We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the filing
date of this report. 

Historical Background 

We are a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to
the development and commercialization of first-in-class critical care products. On September 12, 2014, we acquired Citius Pharmaceuticals,
LLC as a wholly-owned subsidiary. 

On March 30, 2016, we acquired all of the outstanding
stock of Leonard-Meron Biosciences, Inc. by issuing shares of our common stock. We acquired identifiable intangible assets of 19,400,000
related to in-process research and development and recorded goodwill of 9,346,796 for the excess of the purchase consideration over the
net assets acquired. 

53 

On September 11, 2020, we formed NoveCite, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation, of which we own 75 of the issued and outstanding capital stock. 

On August 23, 2021, we formed Citius Acquisition
Corp., or SpinCo, as a wholly-owned subsidiary in conjunction with the acquisition of LYMPHIR, but Citius Acquisition did not begin operations
until April 2022, when Citius Pharma transferred to it the assets related to LYMPHIR, including the related license agreement with Eisai
and the related asset purchase agreement with Dr. Reddy s Laboratories SA, a subsidiary of Dr. Reddy s. At this time, Citius
Acquisition changed its name to Citius Oncology, Inc. In August 2024, as part of the Merger, the new publicly-traded company and majority-owned
subsidiary of Citius Pharma was named Citius Oncology, Inc. 

In-process research and development of 19,400,000
represents the value of LMB s leading drug candidate (Mino-Lok), which is an antibiotic solution used to treat catheter-related
bloodstream infections and is expected to be amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of eight years commencing upon revenue generation. Goodwill
of 9,346,796 represents the value of LMB s industry relationships and its assembled workforce. Goodwill will not be amortized but
will be tested at least annually for impairment. In-process research and development of 73,400,000 represents the value of our exclusive
license for LYMPHIR (denileukin diftitox), a late-stage oncology immunotherapy for the treatment of CTCL, a rare form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma
and is expected to be amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of twelve years commencing upon revenue generation within the first
half of 2025. 

Through September 30, 2024, we have devoted substantially
all our efforts to product development, raising capital, building infrastructure through strategic alliances and coordinating activities
relating to our proprietary products. We have not yet realized any revenues from our operations. 

Recent Developments 

As previously disclosed, on October 23, 2023,
Citius Pharma and SpinCo entered into the Merger Agreement with TenX and Merger Sub, a wholly owned subsidiary of TenX. On August 12,
2024, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into SpinCo, with SpinCo surviving as a
wholly owned subsidiary of TenX. Prior to Closing of the Merger, TenX migrated to and domesticated as a Delaware corporation in accordance
with Section 388 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and the Cayman Islands Companies Act (As Revised). As part of
the Domestication, TenX changed its name to Citius Oncology, Inc. (Nasdaq: CTOR). Immediately after the closing of the Merger,
Citius Pharma owned approximately 92.3 of the outstanding shares of common stock of Citius Oncology, Inc. 

Reverse Stock Split 

Effective November 25, 2024, the Company executed
a reverse stock split of its common stock, par value 0.001 per share, at a ratio of 1-for-25 Reverse Stock Split ). All share
amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the split. 

Patent and Technology License Agreements 

Mino-Lok LMB has a patent
and technology license agreement with Novel Anti-Infective Therapeutics, Inc. NAT to develop and commercialize Mino-Lok
on an exclusive, worldwide sub-licensable basis, as amended. Since May 2014, LMB has paid an annual maintenance fee, which began at 30,000
and has increased over five years to 90,000, where it will remain until the commencement of commercial sales of a product subject to
the license. LMB will also pay annual royalties on net sales of licensed products, with royalties ranging from the mid-single digits to
the low double digits. In limited circumstances in which the licensed product is not subject to a valid patent claim and a competitor
is selling a competing product, the royalty rate is in the low single digits. After a commercial sale is obtained, LMB must pay minimum
aggregate annual royalties that increase in subsequent years. LMB must also pay NAT up to 1,100,000 upon achieving specified regulatory
and sales milestones. Finally, LMB must pay NAT a specified percentage of payments received from any sub licensees. 

NoveCite On October 6, 2020, our
subsidiary NoveCite entered into a license agreement with Novellus Therapeutics Limited, whereby NoveCite acquired an exclusive, worldwide
license, with the right to sublicense, to develop and commercialize a stem cell therapy based on Novellus s patented technology
for the treatment of acute pneumonitis of any etiology in which inflammation is a major agent in humans. Upon execution of the license
agreement, NoveCite paid an upfront payment of 5,000,000 to Novellus and issued to Novellus shares of Novecite s common stock representing
25 of NoveCite s currently outstanding equity. We own the other 75 of NoveCite s currently outstanding equity. 

In July 2021, Novellus was acquired by Brooklyn
ImmunoTherapeutics. Pursuant to this transaction, the NoveCite license was assumed by Brooklyn with all original terms and conditions.
In October 2021, Brooklyn changed its name to Eterna Therapeutics Inc. 

54 

As part of the Novellus and Brooklyn merger transaction,
the 25 non-dilutive position per the subscription agreement between Novellus and NoveCite was removed. 

Under the license agreement, NoveCite is obligated
to pay Novellus up to an aggregate of 51,000,000 in regulatory and developmental milestone payments. NoveCite also must pay a royalty
equal to low double-digit percentages of net sales, commencing upon the first commercial sale of a licensed product. This royalty is subject
to downward adjustment on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis to an upper-single digit percentage of net sales in any country
in the event of the expiration of the last valid patent claim or if no valid patent claim exists in that country. The royalty will end
on the earlier of (i) date on which a biosimilar product is first marketed, sold, or distributed by Novellus or any third party in the
applicable country or (ii) the 10-year anniversary of the date of expiration of the last-to-expire valid patent claim in that country.
In the case of a country where no licensed patent ever exists, the royalty will end on the later of (i) the date of expiry of such licensed
product s regulatory exclusivity and (ii) the 10-year anniversary of the date of the first commercial sale of the licensed product
in the applicable country. In addition, NoveCite will pay to Novellus an amount equal to a mid-twenties percentage of any sublicensee
fees it receives. 

Under the terms of the license agreement, in the
event that Novellus receives any revenue involving the original cell line included in the licensed technology, then Novellus shall remit
to NoveCite 50 of such revenue. 

LYMPHIR - In September 2021, the Company
entered into an asset purchase agreement with Dr. Reddy s and a license agreement with Eisai to acquire an exclusive license of
E7777 (denileukin diftitox), a late-stage oncology immunotherapy for the treatment of CTCL, a rare form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma. We have
obtained the trade name of LYMPHIR for E7777. Citius Pharma assigned these agreements to SpinCo effective April 1, 2022. 

Under the terms of these agreements, Citius Pharma
acquired Dr. Reddy s exclusive license for E7777 from Eisai and other related assets owned by Dr. Reddy s (which are now owned
by Citius Oncology). The exclusive license includes rights to develop and commercialize E7777 in all markets except for Japan and certain
parts of Asia. Additionally, we, through our subsidiary, retained an option on the right to develop and market the product in India. Eisai
retains exclusive development and marketing rights for the agent in Japan and Asia. Citius Pharma paid Dr. Reddy s a 40 million
upfront payment which represents the acquisition date fair value of the in-process research and development acquired from Dr. Reddy s.
Dr. Reddy s is entitled to up to 40 million in development milestone payments related to CTCL approvals in the U.S. and other markets,
up to 70 million in development milestones for additional indications, as well as up to 300 million for commercial sales milestones.
Citius Oncology also must pay on a fiscal quarter basis tiered royalties equal to low double-digit percentages of net product sales. The
royalties will end on the earlier of (i) the 15-year anniversary of the first commercial sale of the latest indication that received regulatory
approval in the applicable country and (ii) the date on which a biosimilar product results in the reduction of net sales in the applicable
product by 50 in two consecutive quarters, as compared to the four quarters prior to the first commercial sale of the biosimilar product.
Citius Oncology will also pay to Dr. Reddy s an amount equal to a low-thirties percentage of any sublicense upfront consideration
or milestone payments (or the like) received by us and the greater of (i) a low-thirties percentage of any sublicensee sales-based royalties
or (ii) a mid-single digit percentage of such licensee s net sales. Citius Pharma is a guarantor of Citius Oncology s payment
obligations under these agreements. 

At the time of the FDA approval for LYMPHIR, a
 27.5 million milestone payment became payable under the terms of the asset purchase agreement for which a balance of 22.5 million remains
due as of September 30, 2024. Pending further discussions with Dr. Reddy s, Dr. Reddy s agreed to a partial deferral without
penalty of this milestone payment. 

Under the license agreement, Eisai is to receive
a 5.9 million milestone payment, upon FDA approval which is included in license payable at September 30, 2024, and additional commercial
milestone payments related to the achievement of net product sales thresholds and an aggregate of up to 22 million related to the achievement
of net product sales thresholds. The Company was also required to reimburse Eisai for up to 2.65 million of its costs to complete the
Phase 3 pivotal clinical trial for LYMPHIR for the CTCL indication and reimburse Eisai for all reasonable costs associated with the preparation
of a BLA for LYMPHIR. Eisai was responsible for completing the CTCL clinical trial, and CMC activities through the filing of the BLA for
LYMPHIR with the FDA. The Company will be responsible for development costs associated with potential additional indications. 

The term of the license
agreement will continue until (i) if there has not been a commercial sale of a licensed product in the territory, the 10-year anniversary
of the original license effective date, March 30, 2016, or (ii) if there has been a first commercial sale of a licensed product in the
territory within the 10-year anniversary of the original license effective date, the 10-year anniversary of the first commercial sale
on a country-by-country basis. The term of the license may be extended for additional 10-year periods for all countries in the territory
by notifying Eisai and paying an extension fee equal to 10 million. Either party may terminate the license agreement upon written notice
if the other party is in material breach of the agreement, subject to cure within the designated time periods. Either party also may terminate
the license agreement immediately upon written notice if the other party files for bankruptcy or takes related actions or is unable to
pay its debts as they become due. Additionally, either party will have the right to terminate the agreement if the other party directly
or indirectly challenges the patentability, enforceability or validity of any licensed patent. 

55 

Also under the purchase
agreement with Dr. Reddy s, we are required to (i) use commercially reasonable efforts to make commercially available products in
the CTCL indication, peripheral T-cell lymphoma indication and immuno-oncology indication, (ii) initiate two investigator initiated immuno-oncology
trials (both of which have been initiated), (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to achieve each of the approval milestones, and
(iv) to complete each specified immuno-oncology investigator trial on or before the four-year anniversary of the effective date of the
definitive agreement. Additionally, we are required to commercially launch a product in a territory within six months of receiving regulatory
approval for such product in each such jurisdiction. 

Results of Operations for Year Ended September
30, 2024 compared to Year Ended September 30, 2023 

Year Ended 
September 30, 
 2024 
 Year Ended 
 September 30, 
2023 
 
 Revenues 
 - 
 - 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 
 11,906,601 
 14,819,729 
 
 General and administrative 
 18,249,402 
 15,295,584 
 
 Stock-based compensation general and administrative 
 11,839,678 
 6,616,705 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 41,995,681 
 36,732,018 

Operating loss 
 (41,995,681 
 (36,732,018 
 
 Interest income, net 
 758,000 
 1,179,417 
 
 Gain on sale of New Jersey net operating losses 
 2.387,842 
 3,585,689 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (38,849,839 
 (31,966,912 
 
 Income tax expense 
 576,000 
 576,000 
 
 Net loss 
 (39,425,839 
 (32,542,912 

Revenues 

We did not generate any revenues for the years
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Research and Development Expenses 

For the year ended September 30, 2024, research
and development expenses were 11,906,601 as compared to 14,819,729 for the year ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 2,913,128. 

Research and development costs for Mino-Lok 
increased by 446,207 to 4,662,968 for the year ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 4,216,761 for the year ended September 30, 2023,
driven primarily by shutdown costs associated with the end of the Phase 3 trial for Mino-Lok. 

Research and development costs for our Halo-Lido
product candidate decreased by 3,538,640 to 507,774 for the year ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 4,046,414 for the year ended
September 30, 2023 due to completion of the Phase 2 study in April 2023. Citius subsequently met with the FDA at an end of Phase
2 meeting to discuss next steps in the clinical development program. 

During the year ended September 30, 2024, research
and development costs for our proposed novel cellular therapy for acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) were 19,120 as compared
to 199,172 for the year ended September 30, 2023. The decrease of 180,607 was primarily related to lower manufacturing costs in the
year ended September 30, 2023. 

During the year ended September 30, 2024, research
and development expenses for our LYMPHIR product candidate were 5,118,977 as compared to 6,081,385 during the year ended September 30,
2023. The decrease of 962,408 was primarily due to development activities completed for the resubmission of the BLA of LYMPHIR in January
2024 which were associated with CRL remediation. 

We expect that research and development expenses
will continue to decrease in fiscal 2025 as we continue to focus on the commercialization of LYMPHIR and because we have completed the
Phase 3 trial for Mino-Lok. 

56 

General and Administrative Expenses 

For the year ended September 30, 2024, general
and administrative expenses were 18,249,402 as compared to 15,295,584 for the year ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 2,953,818.
The primary reason for the increase was costs associated with pre-launch and market research activities associated with LYMPHIR. General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, professional fees for legal, regulatory, accounting and corporate
development services, and investor relations expenses. 

Stock-based Compensation Expense 

For the year ended September 30, 2024, stock-based
compensation expense was 11,839,678 as compared to 6,616,705 for the year ended September 30, 2023. Stock-based compensation expense
includes options granted to directors, employees, and consultants. The primary reason for the 5,222,973 increase in stock-based compensation
expenses is associated with the Citius Oncology stock plan. Stock based compensation expense under the Citius Oncology stock plan was
 7,498,817 during the year ended September 30, 2024, vs 1,965,500 for the year ended September 30. 2023 as the plan was initiated in
July 2023. For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, stock-based compensation expense also includes 47,547 and 130,382, respectively,
for the NoveCite stock option plan. In fiscal year 2023, we granted options to our new employees and additional options to other employees,
our directors, and consultants. 

Other Income 

During the year ended September 30, 2024, the
Company earned 758,000 of net interest income compared to 1,179,417 of interest income during the year ended September 30, 2023. The
decrease of 421,417 was due to lower average cash balances over the course of 2024 vs. 2023. 

Other income for the year ended September 30,
2024 also includes the 2,387,842 gain recognized in connection with the sale of certain New Jersey income tax net operating losses to
a third party under the New Jersey Technology Business Tax Certificate Transfer Program. 

Income Taxes 

The Company recorded deferred income tax expense
of 576,000 in each of the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 related to the amortization for taxable purposes of its in-process
research and development asset. 

Net Loss 

For the year ended September 30, 2024, we incurred
a net loss of 39,425,839 compared to a net loss of 32,542,912 for the year ended September 30, 2023. The 6,882,927 increase in the
net loss was primarily due to the decrease in other income of 1,619,264 and an increase in our operating expenses of 5,263,663. Operating
expense increased due to increases in stock-based compensation and general and administrative expenses, which were offset by decreased
research and development expense. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Liquidity and Working Capital 

Citius Pharma has incurred operating losses since
inception and incurred net losses of 39,425,839 and 32,542,912 for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At September
30, 2024, Citius Pharma had an accumulated deficit of 201,370,218. Citius Pharma s net cash used in operations during the years
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 28,201,375 and 29,060,212, respectively. 

The Company had working capital of approximately
 (21,600,000) at September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, Citius Pharma had cash and cash equivalents of 3,251,880 available to fund
its operations. The Company s only source of cash flow since inception has been from financing activities. During the year ended
September 30, 2024, the Company received net proceeds of 13,803,684 from the issuance of equity. Our primary uses of operating cash were
for in-licensing of intellectual property, product development and commercialization activities, employee compensation, consulting fees,
legal and accounting fees, insurance, and investor relations expenses. 

We expect that we will have sufficient funds to
continue our operations through February 2025. 

57 

Financing Activities 

In the quarter ended December 31, 2023, the Company
was selected to participate in New Jersey s Technology Business Tax Certificate Transfer (NOL) Program and received 2,387,842
million in non-dilutive capital through the New Jersey Economic Development Authority in March 2024. 

On April 30, 2024, the Company closed a registered
direct offering of 857,143 common shares and warrants to purchase up to 857,143 common shares, at a purchase price of 17.50 per share
and accompanying warrant for gross proceeds of 15,000,002. The warrants have an exercise price of 18.75 per share, are exercisable six
months from the date of issuance, and expire on October 30, 2029. The estimated fair value of the warrants issued to the investors was
approximately 11,206,000. 

Based on our cash and cash equivalents at September
30, 2024, we expect that we will have sufficient funds to continue our operations through February 2025. We expect to raise additional
capital in the future to support our operations beyond February 2025. There is no assurance, however, that we will be successful in raising
the needed capital or that the proceeds will be received in an amount or in a timely manner to support our operations. 

Inflation 

Our management believes that inflation has not
had a material effect on our results of operations. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We review our estimates
on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under
the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. We believe the judgments and estimates required by the following accounting
policies to be critical in the preparation of our financial statements. 

In-process Research and Development 

The Company reviews intangible assets annually
to determine if any adverse conditions exist or a change in circumstances has occurred that would indicate impairment or a change in the
remaining useful life of any intangible asset. If the carrying value of an asset exceeds its undiscounted cash flows, the Company writes
down the carrying value of the intangible asset to its fair value for the period identified. No impairments have occurred since the acquisitions
of our intangible assets through September 30, 2024. 

The Company capitalizes intangible assets purchased from others for
use in research and development activities as In Process Research Development (IPR D) when the assets acquired have an alternative
future use, the Company anticipates future economic benefit from that use and the assets acquired are not dependent on future development.
Milestone payments upon regulatory approval that meet the same criteria are capitalized when the payments are considered recoverable based
on expected future cash flows. Amortization of IPR D over the exclusive regulatory period of the acquired asset commences upon revenue
generation. 

58 

In-process research and development includes 19,400,000
representing the value of LMB s drug candidate, Mino-Lok, an antibiotic lock solution in Phase 3 clinical development, which if
approved, would be used to treat catheter-related bloodstream infections, and is expected to be amortized on a straight-line basis over
a period of eight years commencing upon revenue generation. In-process research and development also includes 73,400,000 representing
the value of Citius Oncology s exclusive license for LYMPHIR (denileukin diftitox), a late-stage oncology immunotherapy for the
treatment of CTCL, a rare form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma and is expected to be amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of twelve
years commencing upon revenue generation. Citius Oncology s In-process research and development consists of 40,000,000 paid to
Dr. Reddy s from the asset purchase agreement and approval milestone fees of 27,500,000 to Dr. Reddy s and 5,900,000 to
Eisai. 

Incremental costs incurred on IPR D after
the acquisition date are expensed as incurred, unless there is an alternative future use. 

The Company reviews intangible assets annually
to determine if any adverse conditions exist or a change in circumstances has occurred that would indicate impairment or a change in the
remaining useful life of any intangible asset. If the carrying value of an asset exceeds its undiscounted cash flows, the Company writes
down the carrying value of the intangible asset to its fair value for the period identified. No impairments have occurred since the acquisitions
of our intangible assets through September 30, 2024. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill represents the value of LMB s industry
relationships and its assembled workforce. Goodwill will not be amortized and will be tested at least annually for impairment. 

The Company evaluates the recoverability of goodwill
annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset might be impaired, in accordance
with Accounting Standard Update ASU 2017-04, Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Accounting
for Goodwill Impairment . Goodwill is first qualitatively assessed to determine whether further impairment testing is necessary. Factors
that management considers in this assessment include macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall financial performance
(both current and projected), changes in management and strategy and changes in the composition or carrying amount of net assets. If this
qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount,
a one-step test is then performed in accordance with ASU 2017-04. Under the simplified model, a goodwill impairment is calculated as the
difference between the carrying amount of the reporting unit and its fair value. 

The Company performed a qualitative assessment
for its 2024 analysis of goodwill. Based on this assessment, management does not believe that it is more likely than not that the carrying
value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. Accordingly, no further testing was performed as management believes that there are
no impairment issues with respect to goodwill as of September 30, 2024. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company recognizes compensation costs resulting
from the issuance of stock-based awards to employees and directors as an expense in the consolidated statement of operations over the
requisite service period based on the fair value for each stock award on the grant date. The fair value of each option grant is estimated
as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company estimates volatility using the trading activity of its
common stock. Because the Company s stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options, and
because changes in the input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, the existing model may not necessarily provide
a reliable single measure of fair value of the Company s stock options. 

The Company recognizes compensation costs resulting
from the issuance of stock-based awards to non-employees as an expense in the consolidated statement of operations over the service period
based on the measurement of fair value for each stock award and records forfeitures as they occur. 

Income Taxes 

We follow accounting guidance regarding the recognition,
measurement, presentation, and disclosure of uncertain tax positions in the financial statements. Tax positions taken or expected to be
taken in the course of preparing our tax returns are required to be evaluated to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not 
of being sustained by the applicable tax authorities. Tax positions not deemed to meet a more-likely-than-not threshold would be recorded
in the financial statements. 

We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities
based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates and laws that
are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. We provide a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for
which we do not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Not required. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

See the financial statements included in this report beginning on page
F-1. 

59 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the specified time periods
and accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 

Our Chief Executive Officer (who is our principal
executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (who is our principal financial officer and principal accounting officer), evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange
Act) as of September 30, 2024, the end of our fiscal year. In designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures, we recognize
that any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving
the desired control objective. As of September 30, 2024, based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information
required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement
of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. Under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024 using
the criteria established in Internal Control- Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission COSO (2013 Framework). 

Based on this evaluation, management has concluded
that our internal controls were effective and that we maintained effective controls over our financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal controls
over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

Our independent registered public accounting firm
has not assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and, under SEC rules, will not be required to provide
an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting so long as we qualify as a non-accelerated
filer . 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

60 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance 

We have adopted a written Code of Ethics and Business
Conduct that applies to our directors, officers, and all employees. We intend to disclose any amendments to, or waivers from, our code
of ethics and business conduct that are required to be publicly disclosed pursuant to rules of the SEC by filing such amendment or waiver
with the SEC. This code of ethics and business conduct can be found in the Investors - Corporate Governance section of our
website, www.citiuspharma.com . 

The other information required by this Item concerning
our directors and executive officers is incorporated by reference to the section captioned Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors 
and Corporate Governance to be contained in our proxy statement related to the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the
 Proxy Statement ), which information is expected to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant
to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K. The information required by this Item concerning compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act by our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of our outstanding common stock is incorporated by reference
from the section captioned Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance to be contained in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by this Item concerning
directors and executive compensation is incorporated by reference from the sections captioned Director Compensation and
 Executive Compensation , respectively, to be contained in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth the indicated information
as of September 30, 2024 with respect to our equity compensation plans: 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

2014 Stock Incentive Plan 
 18,484 
 173.25 

2018 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 
 67,200 
 27.20 

2020 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 
 66,000 
 27.83 

2021 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 
 330,000 
 41.67 

2023 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 
 174,400 
 18.75 
 303,000 
 
 Total 
 656,084 
 36.41 
 303,000 

Our equity compensation plans consist of the Citius
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2023 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, 2021 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, 2020 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, 2018 Omnibus
Stock Incentive Plan and 2014 Stock Incentive Plan, which were all approved by our stockholders. We do not have any equity compensation
plans or arrangements that have not been approved by our stockholders. 

We no longer may grant awards under the 2014 Stock
Incentive Plan, the 2018 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, the 2020 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan or the 2021 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. 

The other information required by this Item is
incorporated by reference to the information under the section captioned Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management to be contained in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required by this Item is incorporated
by reference to the information under the section captioned Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Proposal
No. 1 Election of Directors to be contained in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required by this Item is incorporated
by reference to the information under the section captioned Auditor and Audit Committee Matters to be contained in the Proxy
Statement. 

61 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 Registrant s 
Form 
 
 Dated 
 
 Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Filed 
Herewith 
 
 2.1+ 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 23, 2023, by and among Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Citius Oncology, Inc., TenX Keane Acquisition, and TenX Merger Sub Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/24/2023 
 
 2.1 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/18/2014 
 
 3.1 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc., effective September 16, 2016. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/21/2016 
 
 3.1 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc., effective June 9, 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/8/2017 
 
 3.1 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Citius Pharmaceuticals Inc., dated June 21, 2021. 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 6/22/2021 
 
 3.1 

3.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/9/2018 
 
 3.1 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Change filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on November 22, 2024. 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/26/2024 
 
 3.1 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated August 13, 2018, as amended August 8, 2023. 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/29/2023 
 
 4.1 

4.2 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated August 13, 2018. 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/13/2018 
 
 4.2 

4.3 
 
 Form of Underwriter s Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated August 13, 2018, as amended August 8, 2023. 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/29/2023 
 
 4.3 

4.4 
 
 Form of Investor Warrant issued April 3, 2019. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/03/2019 
 
 4.1 

4.5 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant issued April 3, 2019. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/03/2019 
 
 4.2 

4.6 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued September 27, 2019. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/27/2019 
 
 4.1 

4.7 
 
 Form of Underwriters Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued September 27, 2019. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/27/2019 
 
 4.3 

4.8 
 
 Form of Investor Warrant issued on February 19, 2020. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/19/2020 
 
 4.1 

4.9 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant issued on February 19, 2020. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/19/2020 
 
 4.2 

4.10 
 
 Form of Investor Warrant issued May 18, 2020. 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/18/2020 
 
 4.1 

4.11 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant issued May 18, 2020. 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/18/2020 
 
 4.2 

4.12 
 
 Form of Underwriter Warrant issued August 10, 2020. 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/10/2020 
 
 4.1 

4.13 
 
 Form of Investor Warrant issued January 27, 2021. 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/27/2021 
 
 4.1 

4.14 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant issued January 27, 2021. 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/27/2021 
 
 4.2 

62 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Document 
 
 Registrant s 
 Form 
 
 Dated 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 
 4.15 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 24, 2021, by and between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the purchasers signatory thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/27/2021 
 
 4.3 

4.16 
 
 Form of Investor Warrant issued February 19, 2021. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/19/2021 
 
 4.1 

4.17 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant issued February 19, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/19/2021 
 
 4.2 

4.18 
 
 Form of Warrant issued May 8, 2023. 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/8/2023 
 
 4.1 

4.19 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant issued May 8, 2023. 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/8/2023 
 
 4.2 

4.20 
 
 Form of Investor Warrant issued April 30, 2024. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/30/2024 
 
 4.1 

4.21 
 
 Form of Investor Warrant issued November 18, 2024. 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/18/2024 
 
 4.1 

4.22 
 
 Description of Common Stock . 

X 
 
 10.1 
 
 Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/15/2016 
 
 10.1 

10.2 
 
 Form of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan Nonqualified Stock Option. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/15/2016 
 
 10.2 

10.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Myron Holubiak and Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc., executed April 12, 2022, effective May 1, 2022. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 5/12/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.4 
 
 Second Amendment to the Patent and Technology License Agreement between Novel Anti-Infective Technologies, LLC and Leonard-Meron Biosciences, Inc., dated March 20, 2017. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 5/15/2017 
 
 10.8 

10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Leonard Mazur and Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated October 19, 2017. 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/11/2018 
 
 10.23 

10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement between Jaime Bartushak and Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated November 27, 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/1/2017 
 
 10.1 

10.7 
 
 Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 2/14/2018 
 
 10.2 

10.8 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the purchasers named therein, dated March 28, 2018. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/29/2018 
 
 10.1 

10.9+ 
 
 Patent and Technology License Agreement, dated January 2, 2019, between the Board of Regents of the University of Texas System on behalf of the University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center and Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 2/14/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.10 
 
 First Amendment, dated October 15, 2015, to Patent and Technology License Agreement, dated May 14, 2014, between Novel Anti-Infective Technologies, LLC and Leonard-Meron Biosciences, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 2/14/2019 
 
 10.2 

10.11+ 
 
 Patent and Technology License Agreement, dated May 14, 2014, between Novel Anti-Infective Technologies, LLC and Leonard-Meron Biosciences, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 5/12/2023 
 
 10.1 

63 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 Registrant s 
Form 
 
 Dated 
 
 Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Filed 
Herewith 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 1, 2019, by and between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the purchasers named therein. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/03/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.13 
 
 Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 Schedule 14A 
 
 12/20/2019 
 
 Appendix A 

10.14 
 
 Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Award Agreement. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 2/13/2020 
 
 10.2 

10.15 
 
 Form of Warrant Exercise Agreement, dated February 14, 2020, by and between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the investor signatory thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/19/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.16 
 
 Form of Warrant Exercise Agreement, dated February 14, 2020, by and between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the investor signatory thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/19/2020 
 
 10.2 

10.17 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated May 14, 2020, by and between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the purchasers signatory thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/18/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.18 
 
 Employment Agreement, effective as of July 14, 2020, between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Myron Czuczman. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/14/2020 
 
 10.3 

10.19+ 
 
 License Agreement, dated October 6, 2020, between NoveCite, Inc. and Novellus Therapeutics, Limited. 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/16/2020 
 
 10.24 

10.20 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 24, 2021, by and between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the purchasers signatory thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/27/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.21 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 16, 2021, by and between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the purchasers signatory thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/19/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.22 
 
 Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Stock Plan. 
 
 Schedule 14A 
 
 4/12/2021 
 
 Appendix B 

10.23 
 
 Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Award Agreement. 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/15/2021 
 
 10.29 

10.24+ 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2021, between Dr. Reddy s Laboratories S.A. and Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/15/2021 
 
 10.30 

10.25+ 
 
 Amended and Restated License, Development and Commercialization Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2018, between Eisai, Ltd. and Dr. Reddy s Laboratories S.A. 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/15/2021 
 
 10.31 

10.26+ 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated License, Development and Commercialization Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2018, between Eisai, Ltd. and Dr. Reddy s Laboratories S.A. 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/15/2021 
 
 10.32 

10.27+ 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated License, Development and Commercialization Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2021, between Eisai, Ltd. and Dr. Reddy s Laboratories S.A. 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/15/2021 
 
 10.33 

10.28 
 
 Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2023 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 Schedule 14A 
 
 12/22/2022 
 
 Annex A 

10.29 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated May 3, 2023, by and between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the purchasers signatory thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/8/2023 
 
 10.1 

10.30+ 
 
 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2023, by and among 10XYZ Holdings LP, TenX Keane Acquisition, Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Citius Oncology, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/24/2023 
 
 10.1 

64 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 Registrant s 
Form 
 
 Dated 
 
 Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Filed 
Herewith 

10.31+ 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/24/2023 
 
 10.2 

10.32+ 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Shared Services Agreement. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/24/2023 
 
 10.3 

10.33+ 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 25, 2024, by and among Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the investors signatory thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/30/2024 
 
 10.1 

10.34+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Shared Services Agreement, dated, August, 12, 2024, between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Citius Oncology, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/16/2024 
 
 10.1 

10.35+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2024, by and between Citius Oncology, Inc. and the signatories thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/16/2024 
 
 10.2 

10.36+ 
 
 Side Letter Agreement, dated August 12, 2024, by and by and among Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Citius Oncology, Inc., TenX Keane Acquisition and TenX Merger Sub, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/16/2024 
 
 10.3 

10.37+ 
 
 Promissory note, dated August 16, 2024, issued to Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. by Citius Oncology, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/16/2024 
 
 10.4 

10.38 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2024, by and among Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the investors signatory thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/18/2024 
 
 10.1 

19.1 
 
 Insider Trading Policy. 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries. 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/29/2023 
 
 21 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 EX-101.INS 
 
 INLINE XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 EX-101.SCH 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 EX-101.CAL 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 EX-101.DEF 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 EX-101.LAB 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 EX-101.PRE 
 
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL). 

+ 
 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)10 of Regulation S-K or certain of the exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2) or 601(a)(5), as applicable. Citius Pharma agrees to furnish supplementally an unredacted copy such exhibit, including any omitted exhibits and schedules, to the SEC upon its request. 

Management contract or compensatory plan. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

65 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

CITIUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

Date: December 27, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Leonard Mazur 

Leonard Mazur 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Leonard Mazur 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 December 27, 2024 
 
 Leonard Mazur 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Myron Holubiak 
 
 Executive Vice Chairman and Director 
 
 December 27, 2024 
 
 Myron Holubiak 

/s/ Jaimie Bartushak 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 December 27, 2024 
 
 Jaime Bartushak 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Suren Dutia 
 
 Director 
 
 December 27, 2024 
 
 Suren Dutia 

/s/ Carol Webb 
 
 Director 
 
 December 27, 2024 
 
 Carol Webb 

/s/ Eugene Holuka 
 
 Director 
 
 December 27, 2024 
 
 Eugene Holuka 

/s/ Dennis McGrath 
 
 Director 
 
 December 27, 2024 
 
 Dennis McGrath 

/s/ Robert J. Smith 
 
 Director 
 
 December 27, 2024 
 
 Robert J. Smith 

66 

CITIUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

INDEX 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of
Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated
financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Emphasis of a Matter Regarding Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses and has a working capital deficit as of September 30, 2024. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 2. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

December 27, 2024 

F- 2 

CITIUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

2024 
 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset, net 

Other Assets: 

Deposits 

In-process research and development 

Goodwill 

Total Other Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

License payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued compensation 

Operating lease liability 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Operating lease liability non current 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock - par value; shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock - par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Stockholders Equity 

Non-controlling interest 

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

See accompanying report of independent registered
public accounting firm and notes to the financial statements. 

Reflects a 1-for-25 reverse stock split effective
November 25, 2024. 

F- 3 

CITIUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenues 

Operating Expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Stock-based compensation general and administrative 

Total Operating Expenses 

Operating Loss 

Other Income: 

Interest income, net 

Gain on sale of New Jersey net operating losses 

Total Other Income Net 

Loss before Income Taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net Loss 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 
 
 -

Deemed dividend on warrant extension 

Net Loss Applicable to Common Stockholders 

Net Loss Per Share Applicable to Common Stockholders - Basic and Diluted 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding 

Basic and diluted 

See accompanying report of independent registered
public accounting firm and notes to the financial statements. 

Reflects a 1-for-25 reverse stock split effective
November 25, 2024. 

F- 4 

CITIUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

Preferred 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Stockholders 
 Non-Controlling 
 Total 

Stock 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 Interest 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, September 30, 2022 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock in registered direct offering, net of costs of 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock offerings, net of costs 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Merger, net of transaction costs of 

Minority interest from Merger 

Net loss 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

See accompanying report of independent registered
public accounting firm and notes to the financial statements. 

Reflects a 1-for-25 reverse stock split effective
November 25, 2024. 

F- 5 

CITIUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use asset 

Depreciation 

Deferred income tax expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Inventory 
 
 -

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued compensation 

Operating lease liability 

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

License payment 
 
 -

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 
 
 -

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from common stock option exercises 
 -

Merger, net 

Net proceeds from registered direct offerings 

Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 

Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents Beginning of Year 

Cash and Cash Equivalents End of Year 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information and Non-cash Activities: 

IPR D Milestones included in License Payable 
 
 -

Prepaid Manufacturing transferred to Inventory 
 
 -

See accompanying report of independent registered
public accounting firm and notes to the financial statements. 

F- 6 

CITIUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

related to in-process research and development. We recorded
goodwill of for the excess of the purchase price over the net assets acquired. 

On September 11, 2020, we formed NoveCite, Inc. NoveCite ), a Delaware corporation, of which we own of the issued and outstanding capital stock. 

On August 23, 2021, we formed Citius Oncology,
Inc. (formerly named Citius Acquisition Corp.) Citius Oncology ), as a wholly-owned subsidiary in conjunction with the acquisition
of LYMPHIR, which began operations in April 2022. On August 12, 2024, Citius Pharma and Citius Oncology entered into a merger agreement
with TenX Keane Acquisition, and its wholly owned subsidiary, TenX Merger Sub Inc Merger Sub ), whereby Merger Sub merged
with and into Citius Oncology. After the merger and recapitalization (the Merger ), the newly combined publicly traded company
is owned by Citius Pharma, and is named Citius Oncology, Inc. (see Note 9). 

Since its inception, we have devoted substantially
all our efforts to business planning, research and development, recruiting management and technical staff, and raising capital. We are
subject to a number of risks common to companies in the pharmaceutical industry including, but not limited to, risks related to the development
by the Company or its competitors of research and development stage products, regulatory approval and market acceptance of its products,
competition from larger companies, dependence on key personnel, dependence on key suppliers and strategic partners, the Company s
ability to obtain additional financing and the Company s compliance with governmental and other regulations. 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
include the operations of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Citius Pharmaceuticals, LLC and LMB and its
majority-owned subsidiaries NoveCite and Citius Oncology. NoveCite, was inactive until October 2020. On August 12, 2024, Citius Oncology,
previously a wholly-owned subsidiary, became a majority-owned subsidiary. 

The operations of NoveCite and Citius Oncology
are included in the consolidated results. The portion of equity that is not attributable to the Company, is presented as a non-controlling
interest within stockholder s equity. Unless excluded by shareholder agreements, the portion of net loss attributable to non-controlling
interests is included in the statement of operations. 

All significant inter-company balances and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation. 

All share amounts and per share data reflect a
1-for-25 reverse stock split which went effective on November 25, 2024, subsequent to year-end which is more fully descripted in Note
13. 

and , for the years ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company had a negative working capital of approximately million at September 30, 2024. The
Company estimates that its available cash resources will be sufficient to fund its operations through February 2025 which raises substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the accompanying consolidated
financial statements are issued. 

F- 7 

and of prepaid insurance, respectively, and and of advance payments made for the preparation
of long-lead time drug substance and product costs, respectively, which will be utilized in research and development activities or in
the manufacturing of LYMPHIR for sales. 

, and work in process of related
to the manufacturing of LYMPHIR commercial products to be sold in 2025. No reserves against inventory were deemed necessary based on an
evaluation of the product expiration dating. 

of prepaid manufacturing
costs were transferred to inventory upon product approval and production commencement at our third-party manufacturers. 

F- 8 

representing
the value of LMB s drug candidate, Mino-Lok, an antibiotic lock solution in Phase 3 clinical development, which if approved, would
be used to treat catheter-related bloodstream infections, and is expected to be amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of commencing upon revenue generation. In-process research and development also includes representing the value of Citius
Oncology s exclusive license for LYMPHIR (denileukin diftitox), a late-stage oncology immunotherapy for the treatment of CTCL, a
rare form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma and is expected to be amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of commencing upon
revenue generation. Citius Oncology s In-process research and development consists of paid to Dr. Reddy s from
the asset purchase agreement and approval milestone fees of to Dr. Reddy s and to Eisai. Included in the
IPR D is the historical know-how, formula protocols, designs, and procedures that were needed to complete Phase 3. In addition, the
contracts acquired in connection with Dr. Reddy s transaction with the clinical research and manufacturing organization are at market
rates and could be provided by multiple vendors in the marketplace. Therefore, there is no fair value associated with the contracts acquired. 

F- 9 

F- 10 

in 2024 and 2023. 

LMB will also pay annual royalties on net sales
of licensed products, with royalties ranging from the mid-single digits to the low double digits. In limited circumstances in which the
licensed product is not subject to a valid patent claim and a competitor is selling a competing product, the royalty rate is in the low-
to mid-single digits. After a commercial sale is obtained, LMB must pay minimum aggregate annual royalties of in the first commercial
year which is prorated for a less than 12-month period, increasing per year to a maximum of annually. LMB must also pay
NAT up to upon achieving specified regulatory and sales milestones. Finally, LMB must pay NAT a specified percentage of payments
received from any sub-licensees. 

Unless earlier terminated by NAT, based on the
failure to achieve certain development and commercial milestones, the license agreement remains in effect until the date that all patents
licensed under the agreement have expired and all patent applications within the licensed patent rights have been cancelled, withdrawn,
or expressly abandoned. 

Patent and Technology License Agreement
 Mino-Wrap 

On January 2, 2019, we entered into a patent and
technology license agreement with the Board of Regents of the University of Texas System on behalf of the University of Texas M. D. Anderson
Cancer Center Licensor ), whereby we in-licensed exclusive worldwide rights to the patented technology for any and all uses
relating to breast implants. We intend to develop a liquefying gel-based wrap containing minocycline and rifampin for the reduction
of infections associated with breast implants following breast reconstructive surgeries Mino-Wrap ). We are required to
use commercially reasonable efforts to commercialize Mino-Wrap under several regulatory scenarios and achieve milestones associated with
these regulatory options leading to an approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ). 

Under the license agreement, we paid an annual
maintenance fee of and in January 2023 and 2022, respectively. The annual maintenance fee increases by per year
up to a maximum of and ceases on the first sale of product. We also must pay up to an aggregate of million in milestone payments,
contingent on the achievement of various regulatory and commercial milestones. Under the terms of the license agreement, we also must
pay a royalty of mid- to upper-single digit percentages of net sales, depending on the amount of annual sales, and subject to downward
adjustment to lower- to mid-single digit percentages in the event there is no valid patent for the product in the United States at the
time of sale. After the first sale of product, we will owe an annual minimum royalty payment of that will increase annually by
 for the duration of the term. We will be responsible for all patent expenses incurred by Licensor for the term of the agreement
although Licensor is responsible for filing, prosecution, and maintenance of all patents. The agreement expires on the later of the expiration
of the patents or January 2, 2034. 

The Company terminated the Mino-Wrap License Agreement
in December 2024. 

F- 11 

to Novellus, which was charged to research
and development expense during the year ended September 30, 2021, and issued Novellus shares of NoveCite s common stock representing
 of the outstanding equity. We own the other of NoveCite s outstanding equity. Pursuant to the terms of the original stock
subscription agreement, if NoveCite issued additional equity, subject to certain exceptions, NoveCite had to maintain Novellus s
ownership at by issuing additional shares to Novellus. 

In July 2021, Novellus was acquired by Brooklyn
ImmunoTherapeutics, Inc. Brooklyn ). In connection with that transaction, the stock subscription agreement was amended to
assign to Brooklyn all of Novellus s right, title, and interest in the stock subscription agreement and delete the anti-dilution
protection and replace it with a right of first refusal whereby Brooklyn will have the right to purchase all or a portion of the securities
that NoveCite intends to sell or in the alternative, at the option of NoveCite, Brooklyn may purchase that amount of the securities proposed
to be sold by NoveCite to allow Brooklyn to maintain its then percentage ownership. In October 2022, Brooklyn changed its name to Eterna
Therapeutics Inc. Eterna ). 

Citius is responsible for the operational activities
of NoveCite and bears all costs necessary to operate NoveCite. Citius s officers are also the officers of NoveCite and oversee the
business strategy and operations of NoveCite. As such, NoveCite is accounted for as a consolidated subsidiary with a noncontrolling interest. 

Eterna has no contractual rights in the profits
or obligations to share in the losses of NoveCite, and the Company has not allocated any losses to the noncontrolling interest. 

NoveCite is obligated to pay Eterna up to 
upon the achievement of various regulatory and developmental milestones. NoveCite also must pay a royalty equal to low double-digit percentages
of net sales, commencing upon the sale of a licensed product. This royalty is subject to downward adjustment to an upper-single digit
percentage of net sales in any country in the event of the expiration of the last valid patent claim or if no valid patent claim exists
in that country. The royalty will end on the earlier of (i) date on which a biosimilar product is first marketed, sold, or distributed
in the applicable country or (ii) the 10-year anniversary of the date of expiration of the last-to-expire valid patent claim in that country.
In the case of a country where no licensed patent ever exists, the royalty will end on the later of (i) the date of expiry of such licensed
product s regulatory exclusivity and (ii) the 10-year anniversary of the date of the first commercial sale of the licensed product
in the applicable country. In addition, NoveCite will pay to Eterna an amount equal to a mid-twenties percentage of any sublicensee fees
it receives. 

Under the terms of the license agreement, if Eterna
receives any revenue involving the original cell line included in the licensed technology, then Eterna shall remit to NoveCite of
such revenue. 

The term of the license agreement continue on
a country-by-country and licensed product-by-licensed product basis until the expiration of the last-to-expire royalty term. Either party
may terminate the license agreement upon written notice if the other party is in material default. NoveCite may terminate the license
agreement at any time without cause upon 90 days prior written notice. 

Eterna will be responsible for preparing, filing,
prosecuting, and maintaining all patent applications and patents included in the licensed patents in the territory, provided however,
that if Eterna decides that it is not interested in maintaining a particular licensed patent or in preparing, filing, or prosecuting a
licensed patent, NoveCite will have the right, but not the obligation, to assume such responsibilities in the territory at NoveCite s
sole cost and expense. 

License Agreement with Eisai 

In September 2021, the Company entered into an
asset purchase agreement with Dr. Reddy s Laboratories SA, a subsidiary of Dr. Reddy s Laboratories, Ltd. (collectively, Dr.
Reddy s and a license agreement with Eisai Co., Ltd. Eisai to acquire an exclusive license of E7777 (denileukin
diftitox), a late-stage oncology immunotherapy for the treatment of CTCL, a rare form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma. We have obtained the trade
name of LYMPHIR for E7777. Citius Pharma assigned these agreements to Citius Oncology effective April 1, 2022. 

F- 12 

million upfront payment which represents the acquisition date fair value of the
in-process research and development acquired from Dr. Reddy s. Dr. Reddy s is entitled to up to million in development
milestone payments related to CTCL approvals in the U.S. and other markets, up to million in development milestones for additional
indications, as well as commercial milestone payments and low double-digit tiered royalties on net product sales, and up to million
for commercial sales milestones. We also must pay on a fiscal quarter basis tiered royalties equal to low double-digit percentages of
net product sales. The royalties will end on the earlier of (i) the 15-year anniversary of the first commercial sale of the latest indication
that received regulatory approval in the applicable country and (ii) the date on which a biosimilar product results in the reduction of
net sales in the applicable product by in two consecutive quarters, as compared to the four quarters prior to the first commercial
sale of the biosimilar product. We will also pay to Dr. Reddy s an amount equal to a low-thirties percentage of any sublicense upfront
consideration or milestone payments (or the like) received by us and the greater of (i) a low-thirties percentage of any sublicensee sales-based
royalties or (ii) a mid-single digit percentage of such licensee s net sales. 

Eisai was responsible for completing the CTCL clinical trial, and chemistry, manufacturing, and controls
(CMC) activities through the filing of a BLA for LYMPHIR with the FDA. The BLA was filed with the FDA on September 27, 2022. We will also
be responsible for development costs associated with potential additional indications. 

The term of the license
agreement will continue until (i) March 30, 2026, if there has not been a commercial sale of a licensed product in the territory, or (ii)
if there has been a first commercial sale of a licensed product in the territory by March 30. 2026, the 10-year anniversary of the first
commercial sale on a country-by-country basis. The term of the license may be extended for additional 10-year periods for all countries
in the territory by notifying Eisai and paying an extension fee equal to million. Either party may terminate the license agreement
upon written notice if the other party is in material breach of the agreement, subject to cure within the designated time periods. Either
party also may terminate the license agreement immediately upon written notice if the other party files for bankruptcy or takes related
actions or is unable to pay its debts as they become due. Additionally, either party will have the right to terminate the agreement if
the other party directly or indirectly challenges the patentability, enforceability or validity of any licensed patent. 

Also under the asset
purchase agreement with Dr. Reddy s, we are required to (i) use commercially reasonable efforts to make commercially available products
in the CTCL indication, peripheral T-cell lymphoma indication and immuno-oncology indication, (ii) initiate two investigator initiated
immuno-oncology trials, (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to achieve each of the approval milestones, and (iv) to complete each
specified immuno-oncology investigator trial on or before the four-year anniversary of the effective date of the definitive agreement.
Additionally, we are required to commercially launch a product in a territory within six months of receiving regulatory approval for such
product in each such jurisdiction. 

On July 29, 2023, we received a Complete Response
Letter, CRL from the FDA regarding the BLA seeking approval for LYMPHIR. The FDA has required that we incorporate enhanced
product testing, and additional controls agreed to with the FDA during the market application review. The FDA raised no concerns relating
to the safety and efficacy clinical data package. 

On September 8, 2023,
we announced that the FDA agreed with our plans to address the requirements outlined in the CRL. The guidance from the FDA provides a
path for completing the necessary activities to support the resubmission of the BLA. No additional clinical efficacy or safety trials
have been requested by FDA for the resubmission. 

The Company remediated
the issues raised in the CRL by the FDA and received a BLA approval in August 2024. 

As part of the definitive
agreement with Dr. Reddy s, Citius Pharmaceuticals acquired method of use patents in which LYMPHIR is administered in combination
with the programmed cell death protein 1 PD-1 pathway inhibitor drug class. PD-1 plays a vital role in inhibiting immune
responses and promoting self-tolerance through modulating the activity of T-cells, activating apoptosis of antigen-specific T cells and
inhibiting apoptosis of regulatory T cells. 

The following patents
were acquired and subsequently transferred to Citius Oncology, Inc.: 

US Provisional Application
No. 63/070,645, which was filed on August 26, 2020, and subsequently published as US 2022/0062390 A1 on March 3, 2022, entitled Methods
of Treating Cancer. 

International Patent
Application Number: PCT/IB2021/0576733, which was filed with the World Intellectual Property Organization on August 23, 2021, and subsequently
published as WO 2022/043863 A1 on March 3, 2022, entitled, Combination for Use in Methods of Treating Cancer. 

Upon FDA approval of
Lymphir in August 2024, Citius Oncology was subject to approval milestone fees totaling million. Citius Oncology paid million
prior to year end and the remaining balance is reflected as a License Payable on the balance sheet. The million was recorded as
in-process research and development asset and will be subject to amortization as further discussed in Note 3. 

F- 13 

shares of common stock for media, and public and investor relations services and expensed the fair value of the common stock issued. 

On January 17, 2024, the Company issued 
shares of common stock for general and business development advisory services and expensed the fair value of the common stock
issued. 

On April 25, 2024, the Company issued shares
of common stock for financial, general and business development advisory services and expensed the fair value of the common stock
issued. 

Common Stock Offering 

On April 30, 2024, the Company closed a registered
direct offering of common shares and warrants to purchase up to common shares, at a purchase price of per share
and accompanying warrant for gross proceeds of . The warrants have an exercise price of per share, are exercisable six
months from the date of issuance, and expire on . The estimated fair value of the warrants issued to the investors was
approximately . 

Net proceeds were after deducting
the placement agent fee of , placement agent expenses of , legal fees of , and other offering expenses of .
The Company also issued warrants to the placement agent at an exercise price of per share, that are exercisable six months
from the date of issuance and expire on . The estimated fair value of the warrants issued to the placement agent was approximately
 . 

At the Market Offering Agreement 

On August 12, 2024, the Company entered into
an agreement with HC Wainwright, (the Manager to issue and sell through or to the Manager, as sales agent and/or
principal, from time to time during the term of this Agreement the Company s common shares. 

9/27/2024 

9/30/2024 

Total 

There were additional offering expenses of approximately
 in placement agent expenses and legal fees for net proceeds after expenses of . 

Stock Option Plans 

Pursuant to our 2014 Stock Incentive Plan, we
reserved shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2024, there were options to purchase shares outstanding, options to
purchase shares were exercised, options to purchase shares expired or were forfeited, and no shares were available for future
grants. 

Pursuant to our 2018 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan,
we reserved shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2024, there were options to purchase shares outstanding, options
to purchase shares were exercised, options to purchase shares expired or were forfeited, and the remaining shares were
transferred to the 2020 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 2020 Plan ). 

Pursuant to our 2020 Plan, we reserved 
shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2024, there were options to purchase shares outstanding, options to purchase 
shares expired or were forfeited, and the remaining shares were transferred to the 2021 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 2021
Stock Plan ). 

F- 14 

shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2024, options to purchase shares were outstanding, options to purchase shares
expired or were forfeited, and the remaining shares were transferred to the 2023 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 2023 Stock
Plan ). 

In November 2022, our Board approved the 2023
Stock Plan, subject to stockholder approval, which was received on February 7, 2023. The 2023 Stock Plan has reserved for issuance 
shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2024, options to purchase shares were outstanding, shares were expired or forfeited
 shares remain available for future grants. 

The fair value of each stock option award is estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Volatility is estimated using the trading activity of our common stock.
The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant commensurate with the expected term
assumption. The expected term of stock options granted to employees and directors, all of which qualify as plain vanilla, 
is based on the average of the contractual term (generally and the vesting period. For non-employee options, the expected
term is the contractual term. 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected term 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 

years Granted years Exercised Forfeited or expired Outstanding at September 30, 2024 years Exercisable at September 30, 2024 years 

The weighted average grant date fair value of
the options granted during the year ended September 30, 2023 was estimated at per share. All these options vest over terms of 
to months and have a term of years. 

The weighted average grant date fair value of
the options granted during the year ended September 30, 2024 was estimated at per share. All these options vest over terms of 
to months and have a term of years. 

At September 30, 2024, unrecognized total compensation
cost related to unvested awards under the Citius stock plans of is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period
of years. 

NoveCite Stock Plan Under
the NoveCite Stock Plan, we reserved common shares of NoveCite. As of September 30, 2024, there were options outstanding to
purchase common shares of NoveCite and common shares of NoveCite available for future grants. 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, NoveCite
granted options to purchase common shares to employees at a weighted average exercise price of per share, of which options
to purchase common shares were forfeited, and options to purchase common shares were exercisable as of September 30,
2024. These options vest over months and have a term of years. The weighted average remaining contractual term of options outstanding
under the NoveCite Stock Plan is years. No options were issued in fiscal years 20243 and 2023. At September 30, 2024, there is no
remaining unrecognized total compensation cost related to unvested awards under the NoveCite Stock Plan. 

Citius Oncology Stock Plan - Under
the Citius Oncology Stock Plan, adopted on April 29, 2023, we reserved common shares of Citius Oncology. The Citius Oncology
Stock Plan provides incentives to employees, directors, and consultants through grants of options, SARs, dividend equivalent rights, restricted
stock, restricted stock units, or other rights. 

F- 15 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected term 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 

Volatility is estimated using the trading activity
of Citius Pharmaceuticals common stock. until such time as Citius Oncology has sufficient history. The risk-free interest rate is based
on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant commensurate with the expected term assumption. The expected term of stock
options granted to employees and directors, all of which qualify as plain vanilla, is based on the average of the contractual
term (generally and the vesting period. For non-employee options, the expected term is the contractual term. 

years 
 Granted Forfeited 
 Outstanding at September 30, 2024 years 
 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 years 

The weighted average grant date fair value of
the Citius Oncology options granted during the year ended September 30, 2024 was estimated at per share. All these options vest
over terms of to months and have a term of years. At September 30, 2024, unrecognized total compensation cost related to unvested
awards under the Citius Oncology stock plan of is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

Stock-based compensation expense under all plans
for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was (including for the NoveCite plan and for the Citius
Oncology plan) and (including for the NoveCite plan and for the Citius Oncology plan), respectively. 

Warrants 

The Company has reserved shares of common
stock for the exercise of outstanding warrants. 

August 2018 Offering Agent April 2019 Registered Direct/Private Placement Investors April 2019 Registered Direct/Private Placement Agent September 2019 Offering Investors September 2019 Offering Underwriter February 2020 Exercise Agreement Placement Agent May 2020 Registered Direct Offering Investors May 2020 Registered Direct Offering Placement Agent August 2020 Underwriter January 2021 Registered Direct Offering Investors January 2021 Registered Direct Offering Agent February 2021 Offering Investors February 2021 Offering Agent May 2023 Registered Direct Offering Investors May 2023 Registered Direct Offering Agent April 2024 Registered Direct Offering Investors April 2024 Registered Direct Offering Agent 

F- 16 

warrants for common stock with an exercise price of per share and extended the term by one year
to April 5, 2025, for warrants with an exercise price of per share. We recorded a deemed dividend of based on the
excess of the fair value of the modified warrants over the fair value of the warrants before the modification, the effect of which was
an increase in the net loss attributable to common shareholders in the statement of operations for the year ended September 30, 2024. 

On August 7, 2024, we extended the term by one
year to August 14, 2025, for warrants for common stock with an exercise price of per share and extended the term by one
year to August 8, 2025, for warrants with an exercise price of per share. We recorded a deemed dividend of based
on the excess of the fair value of the modified warrants over the fair value of the warrants before the modification, the effect of which
was an increase in the net loss attributable to common shareholders in the statement of operations
for the year ended September 30, 2024. 

On September 25, 2024, we extended the term by
one year to September 27, 2025, for warrants for common stock with an exercise price of per share and extended the term
by one year to September 27, 2025, for warrants with an exercise price of per share. We recorded a deemed dividend of 
based on the excess of the fair value of the modified warrants over the fair value of the warrants before the modification, the effect
of which was an increase in the net loss attributable to common shareholders in the statement of operations for the year ended September
30, 2025. 

At September 30, 2024, the weighted average remaining
life of the outstanding warrants is years, all warrants are exercisable, and there was no aggregate intrinsic value for the
warrants outstanding. 

Common Stock Reserved 

Stock plan shares available for future grants 

Warrants outstanding 

Total 

August 7, 2024 

September 25, 2024 

See also Note 9 for Merger transaction and transactions
consummated with our subsidiary to facilitate the Merger. 

The Company is a party to a Shared Services Agreement
with Citius Oncology. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company provides all executive, operational, financial, and administrative
support to Citius Oncology for a period of up to two (2) years. The quarterly allocated expense to Citius Oncology by the Company is approximately
 . 

F- 17 

Variable lease cost Total lease cost Other information Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases Years Years Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

2026 

Total lease payments 

Less: interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities 

Current 
 Operating 

Non-current 
 Operating 

Total lease liabilities 

Interest expense on the lease liability was 
and for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This amount is classified within general administrative
expense. 

F- 18 

. The agreement also includes provisions for potential price increases
based on increases in the manufacturer s operating expenses or industry indices, as well as significant termination fees
and obligations. As of September 30, 2024, the total minimum purchase commitment under this agreement was approximately
 million consisting of payments of million and million for 2025 and 2026 respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company also has commercial supply agreements
with two other vendors for the completion and packaging of finished drug products. Minimum purchase commitments under these two agreements
amount to approximately million consisting of purchase commitment obligations of million in 2025 and million in 2026. 

Legal Proceedings 

The Company is not involved in any litigation
that it believes could have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding,
inquiry, or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to
the knowledge of the Company s executive officers, threatened against or affecting the Company or its officers or directors in their
capacities as such. 

of the outstanding shares of common stock of Citius Oncology. 

The Merger, net amount of charged to
additional paid in capital consists of of net liabilities of TenX on the date of the Merger (cash of less liabilities
of plus directly related transaction costs and the cost of public rights in the amount of . 

As part of the Merger, the Company made capital
investments in Citius Oncology through cash contributions of to fund transactions related to the Merger and by reclassifying
to additional paid in capital intercompany receivables of that were due from Citius Oncology to the Company. Simultaneously,
the Company advanced an additional to Citius Oncology under the terms of a non-interest bearing note payable. The note is repayable
upon a capital raise by Citius Oncology of at least through the issuance of debt, equity or royalty financing. The Merger
recapitalization resulted in a ownership interest by the Company in Citius Oncology. 

and
 for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in connection with the sale of certain New Jersey income tax
net operating losses to a third party under the New Jersey Technology Business Tax Certificate Transfer Program. 

F- 19 

for the both the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 related to the amortization for taxable purposes of its in-process
research and development asset. 

() 
 
 Increase (decrease) in income taxes resulting from: 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

() 

() 
 
 Permanent differences 

Increase in the valuation reserve 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects
of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used
for income tax purposes. 

Stock-based compensation 

Capitalized research and development 

Other 

Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

In-process research and development 

Total deferred tax liability 

Net deferred tax liability 

The Company has recorded a valuation allowance
against deferred tax assets as the utilization of the net operating loss carryforward and other deferred tax assets is uncertain. During
the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the valuation allowance increased by and , respectively. The increase
in the valuation allowance during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was primarily due to the Company s net operating loss.
At September 30, 2024, the Company has a federal net operating loss carryforward of approximately . Federal net operating
loss carryforwards of approximately begin expiring in 2034 and carryforwards of approximately generated in tax
years beginning after 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company also has
estimated federal research and development credits of to offset future income taxes. The tax credit carryforwards will begin
to expire in 2036. 

The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions
in accordance with the guidance provided in ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes. This guidance describes a recognition
threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement disclosure of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return
and requires recognition of tax benefits that satisfy a more-likely-than-not threshold. ASC 740 also provides guidance on de-recognition,
classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods and disclosure. There have been no reserves for uncertain tax positions
recorded by the Company to date. 

F- 20 

per share requirement for continued inclusion on the Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant
to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Bid Price Rule ). 

 On September 9, 2024 the Company received a letter
from the Listing Qualifications Staff of Nasdaq indicating that, based upon the closing bid price of the Company s common stock,
par value per share, for the prior 30 consecutive business days, the Company was not in compliance with the Bid Price Rule. 

As the Company did not regain compliance with
the Bid Price Rule by September 9, 2024, the Company received a delisting determination letter on September 10, 2024. Accordingly, the
Company intends to timely request a hearing before a Nasdaq Hearing Panel Panel ). 

On October 28, 2024 the Panel held its hearing
with the Company. 

On November 6, 2024, the Company received a decision
letter from the Panel granting the Company s request to continue its listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, subject to regaining
compliance with the Bid Price Rule on or before December 3, 2024. 

On December 18, 2024, the Company received notification
from Nasdaq that it had regained compliance with the Bid Price Rule. 

shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share
(the Shares and warrants (the Warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock. Gross proceeds
received were and net proceeds were approximately after deducting for fees and expenses. The Shares and Warrants
were sold at a combined offering price of . The Offering closed on November 18, 2024. 

The Warrants have an exercise price equal to per share, are exercisable
immediately upon issuance and will expire after the initial exercise date. 

The Company also paid the placement agent of the gross proceeds
and also agreed to grant to the placement agent or its designees, placement agent warrants, to purchase up to shares of the common
stock (the Placement Agent Warrants ). The terms of the Placement Agent Warrants are substantially the same as the terms
of the Warrants, except that the exercise price is per share. 

The Company filed a Certificate
of Change (the Certificate of Change with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to (i) effect a reverse
stock split (the Reverse Stock Split of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value 
per share, and (ii) decrease the number of total authorized shares of common stock from shares to shares. The Reverse
Stock Split was intended for the Company to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement of per share of common stock
for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Reverse Stock Split became effective at 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on November 25,
2024, and the Company s Common Stock began trading on a Reverse Stock Split-adjusted basis on the Nasdaq Capital Market at the opening
of the market on November 26, 2024. 

F-21 

<EX-4.22>
 2
 ea022565601ex4-22_citius.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK

Exhibit 4.22 

Description of Registrant s Securities
Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

The following description summarizes the material
terms of our capital stock as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all the
information that may be important to you. For a complete description of our capital stock, you should refer to our Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation, as amended (the Articles of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ),
and to the provisions of applicable Nevada law. 

The information contained herein and in the Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2024 including the financial statements included therein, has been retrospectively
adjusted to reflect the 1-for-25 reverse stock split of our outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.001 (the Common Stock ),
which we effected on November 25, 2024 (the Reverse Stock Split ). The Reverse Stock Split proportionately adjusted the number
of authorized shares of common stock but did not cause an adjustment to the par value of our capital stock. Pursuant to their terms, a
proportionate adjustment was made to the per share exercise price and number of shares issuable under our outstanding stock options and
warrants. The number of shares authorized for issuance pursuant to our equity incentive plans have also been adjusted proportionately
to reflect the Reverse Stock Split. 

As used in this exhibit, the terms Citius
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , the Company , we , us , and our mean Citius Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. 

General 

Our authorized capital stock consists of 16,000,000
shares of Common Stock, of which 7,727,243 shares were issued and outstanding as of November 26, 2024, which was the date immediately
after the Reverse Stock Split was effected, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, none of which are issued and outstanding. 

Our preferred stock and/or Common Stock may be
issued from time to time without prior approval by our stockholders. Our preferred stock and/or Common Stock may be issued for such consideration
as may be fixed from time to time by our Board of Directors (the Board ). 

Common Stock 

We are authorized to issue 16,000,000 shares of
Common Stock, 0.001 par value. The holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote, present in person or represented by proxy shall
constitute a quorum at all meetings of our stockholders. Our Common Stock does not provide preemptive, subscription or conversion rights
and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. The holders of our Common Stock are not entitled to cumulative voting
for election of the Board. 

Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive
ratably such dividends as may be declared by the Board out of funds legally available therefor, as well as any distributions to the security
holders. We have never paid cash dividends on our Common Stock, and do not expect to pay such dividends in the foreseeable future. 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of our company, holders of Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all of our assets remaining after payment of liabilities. 

Nevada s Anti-Takeover Law and Provisions of Our Articles
of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Acquisition of Controlling Interest Statute 

Nevada s acquisition of controlling interest statutes
contain provisions governing the acquisition of a controlling interest in certain Nevada corporations. These control share 
laws provide generally that any person that acquires a controlling interest in certain Nevada corporations may be denied
certain voting rights, unless a majority of the disinterested stockholders of the corporation elects to restore such voting rights. These
statutes provide that a person acquires a controlling interest whenever a person acquires shares of a subject corporation
that, but for the application of these provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes, would enable that person to exercise (1) one-fifth or
more, but less than one-third, (2) one-third or more, but less than a majority or (3) a majority or more, of all of the voting power of
the corporation in the election of directors. Once an acquirer crosses one of these thresholds, shares which it acquired in the transaction
taking it over the threshold and within the 90 days immediately preceding the date when the acquiring person acquired or offered to acquire
a controlling interest become control shares to which the voting restrictions described above apply. Our Articles of Incorporation
and Bylaws currently contain no provisions relating to these statutes, and unless our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws in effect on
the tenth day after the acquisition of a controlling interest were to provide otherwise, these laws would apply to us if we were to (i)
have 200 or more stockholders of record (at least 100 of which have addresses in the State of Nevada appearing on our stock ledger) and
(ii) do business in the State of Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation. As of September 30, 2024, we did not have 100 stockholders
of record with Nevada addresses appearing on our stock ledger. If these laws were to apply to us, they might discourage companies or persons
interested in acquiring a significant interest in or control of our Company, regardless of whether such acquisition may be in the interest
of our stockholders. 

Combination with Interested Stockholders Statutes 

Nevada s combinations with interested stockholders 
statutes prohibit certain business combinations between certain Nevada corporations and any person deemed to be an interested
stockholder for two years after such person first becomes an interested stockholder unless (i) the corporation s
board of directors approves the combination (or the transaction by which such person becomes an interested stockholder in advance, or (ii) the combination is approved by the board of directors and 60 of the corporation s voting power not beneficially
owned by the interested stockholder, its affiliates and associates. Furthermore, in the absence of prior approval, certain restrictions
may apply even after such two-year period. For purposes of these statutes, an interested stockholder is any person who is
(x) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation,
or (y) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the two previous years was the beneficial owner, directly or
indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition of the term combination 
is sufficiently broad to cover most significant transactions between a corporation and an interested stockholder . Subject
to certain timing requirements set forth in the statutes, a corporation may elect not to be governed by these statutes. We have not included
any such provision in our Articles of Incorporation. 

The effect of these statutes may be to potentially discourage parties
interested in taking control of our Company from doing so if it cannot obtain the approval of our Board. 

Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws may delay or
discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change of control or change in our management, including transactions in which
stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares, or transactions that our stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their
best interests. Therefore, these provisions could adversely affect the price of our Common Stock. Among other things, these provisions
include: 

the authorization of 10,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock, the rights, preferences and privileges of which may be established and shares of which may be issued by our Board at its discretion from time to time and without stockholder approval; 

limiting the removal of directors by the stockholders; 

allowing for the creation of a staggered Board; 

eliminating the ability of stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders; and 

establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the Board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholder meetings. 

2 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for Common Stock is VStock Transfer,
LLC. The transfer agent and registrar s address is 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York 11598. 

The Nasdaq Capital Market Listing 

The Common
Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CTXR . 

3 

</EX-4.22>

<EX-19.1>
 3
 ea022565601ex19-1_citius.htm
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY

Exhibit 19.1 

CITIUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

INSIDER TRADING POLICY 

and Guidelines with Respect to 

Certain Transactions in Company Securities 

 ___________________ 

This Policy provides guidelines to members of the
Board of Directors Board Member(s) and employees of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company with respect to transactions in the Company s securities and the disclosure of material nonpublic information regarding the Company. 

Applicability of Policy 

This Policy applies to all transactions in the
Company s securities, including common stock, options to purchase common stock, and any other securities the Company may issue from
time to time, such as preferred stock, warrants or debentures, as well as to derivative securities relating to the Company s stock,
whether or not issued by the Company. It applies to all Board Members, all employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, and any consultants
to the Company and its subsidiaries who receive or have access to material, nonpublic information Inside Information regarding
the Company. This group of people, members of their immediate families, and members of their households are sometimes referred to in this
Policy as Insiders. This Policy also applies to any person who receives Inside Information from any Insider. 

Any person who possesses Inside Information regarding
the Company is an Insider for so long as the information is material and not publicly known. Any person can be an Insider from time to
time, and would at those times be subject to this Policy. 

Statement of Policy 

It is the policy of the Company to oppose the misuse
of Inside Information in securities trading and the unauthorized disclosure of any nonpublic information acquired in the workplace. 

1. Trading
on Inside Information . No Insider shall engage in any transaction involving a purchase or sale of the Company s securities,
including any offer to purchase or offer to sell, during any period commencing with the date that he or she possesses Inside Information
concerning the Company, and ending at the close of business on the second Trading Day following the date of public disclosure of such
information or at such time as such information is no longer material. As used herein, the term Trading Day shall mean a
day on which the stock exchange or market on which the Company s stock trades is open for trading. 

2. Tipping . 
No Insider shall disclose tip Inside Information to any other person (including family members) where such information
may be used by such person to his or her profit by trading in the securities of companies to which such information relates, nor shall
such Insider or related person make recommendations or express opinions on the basis of Inside Information as to trading in the Company s
securities. 

3. Confidentiality
of Nonpublic Information . Nonpublic information relating to the Company is the property of the Company and the unauthorized disclosure
of such information is forbidden. 

Potential Criminal and Civil Liability 

 and/or Disciplinary Action 

1. Liability
for Insider Trading . Insiders may be subject, in addition to disgorgement of profits (or of losses avoided), to penalties of up
to 5,000,000 and up to 20 years in prison for engaging in transactions in the Company s securities at a time when they have knowledge
of Inside Information regarding the Company. 

2. Liability
for Tipping . Insiders may also be liable for improper transactions by any person (commonly referred to as a tippee to whom they have disclosed Inside Information regarding the Company or to whom they have made recommendations or expressed opinions on
the basis of such information as to trading in the Company s securities. Regulatory authorities have imposed large penalties even
when the disclosing person did not profit from the trading. The Securities and Exchange Commission, the stock exchanges and the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority use sophisticated electronic surveillance techniques to uncover insider trading. 

3. Possible
Disciplinary Actions . Employees of, and consultants to, the Company who violate this Policy shall also be subject to disciplinary
action by the Company, which may include, but is not limited to, ineligibility for future participation in the Company s equity
incentive plans, termination and/or referral to appropriate law enforcement and regulatory authorities. 

Recommended Guidelines 

1. Black-Out
Period and Recommended Trading Window . 

To ensure compliance with this Policy and applicable
federal and state securities laws, the Company strongly recommends that all persons having access to the Company s internal financial
statements or other Inside Information refrain from conducting transactions involving the purchase or sale of the Company s securities
other than during the following period (the Trading Window ): 

Trading Window : The period in any fiscal
quarter commencing at the close of business on the second Trading Day following the public disclosure of the financial results for the
prior fiscal quarter or year and ending at the close of business on the 15 th day of the last month of the fiscal quarter. 

2 

The safest period for trading in the Company s
securities, assuming the absence of Inside Information, is generally the first few Trading Days of the Trading Window. Periods outside
the Trading Window are particularly sensitive periods of time for transactions in the Company s securities from the perspective
of compliance with applicable securities laws. This is due to the fact that executive officers, directors and certain other persons will,
as any quarter progresses, be increasingly likely to possess Inside Information about the expected financial results for the quarter. 

The purpose behind the recommended Trading Window
is to help establish a diligent effort to avoid any improper transactions. An Insider may choose not to follow this suggestion, but he
or she should be particularly careful with respect to trading outside the Trading Window, since the Insider may, at such time, have access
to (or later be deemed to have had access to) Inside Information regarding, among other things, the Company s anticipated financial
performance for the quarter. 

It should be noted that even during the Trading
Window any person possessing Inside Information concerning the Company should not engage in any transactions in the Company s securities
until such information has been known publicly for at least two Trading Days. Although the Company may from time to time recommend during
a Trading Window that directors, executive officers, selected employees and others suspend trading because of developments known to the
Company and not yet disclosed to the public, each person is individually responsible at all times for compliance with the prohibitions
against insider trading. Trading in the Company s securities during the Trading Window should not be considered a safe
harbor, and Insiders should use good judgment at all times. 

From time to time, the Company may recommend that
Insiders suspend trading because of developments known to the Company and not yet disclosed to the public. In such event, such persons
are advised not to engage in any transaction involving the purchase or sale of the Company s securities during such period and should
not disclose to others the fact of such suspension of trading. 

2. Hedging,
Margin Accounts and Collateral . Hedging or holding stock of the Company in margin accounts is strongly discouraged. Hedging can
have unintended consequences, and margin accounts authorize brokers to sell stock to cover amounts owed to them. A forced sale could occur
at a time when the individual has knowledge of Insider Information about the Company. A similar result can occur when Company stock is
pledged as collateral for a loan. 

3. Preclearance
of Trades . The Company has determined that all executive officers, Board Members of the Company and the employees listed on Exhibit
A attached hereto, as amended from time to time, should refrain from trading in the Company s securities, even during the Trading
Window, without first complying with the Company s mandatory preclearance procedures, a copy of which is attached
hereto as Exhibit B . Executive officers, Board Members and employees listed on Exhibit A should contact the Company s
Insider Trading Compliance Officer, currently the Company s Chief Financial Officer, prior to initiating any purchase or sale of
the Company s securities. The Company may also find it necessary, from time to time, to require compliance with the preclearance
process from certain employees, consultants and contractors in addition to executive officers, Board Members and the employees listed
on Exhibit A . 

3 

4. Individual
Responsibility . Every Insider has the individual responsibility to comply with this Policy against insider trading, regardless
of whether the Company has recommended a trading window to that Insider or any other Insiders of the Company. The guidelines set forth
in this Policy are guidelines only, and appropriate judgment should be exercised in connection with any trade in the Company s securities. 

An Insider may, from time to time, have to forego
a proposed transaction in the Company s securities even if he or she planned to make the transaction before learning of the Inside
Information and even though the Insider believes he or she may suffer an economic loss or forego anticipated profit by waiting. 

Applicability of Policy to Inside Information 

 Regarding Other Companies 

This Policy and the guidelines described herein
also apply to Inside Information relating to other companies, including the Company s collaborative partners, customers, vendors
or suppliers business partners ), when that information is obtained in the course of employment with, or other services
performed on behalf of, the Company. Civil and criminal penalties, and termination of employment, may result from trading on Inside Information
regarding the Company s business partners. All Board Members, executive officers and employees should treat Inside Information about
the Company s business partners with the same care as is required with respect to information relating directly to the Company. 

Definition of Inside Information 

Inside Information, for the purposes
of this Policy, is material, nonpublic information. 

It is not possible to define all categories of
material information. However, information should be regarded as material if there is a reasonable likelihood that it would be considered
important to an investor in making an investment decision regarding the purchase or sale of the Company s securities. Either positive
or negative information may be material. While it may be difficult under this standard to determine whether particular information is
material, there are various categories of information that are particularly sensitive and, as a general rule, should always be considered
material. Examples of such information may include: 

Financial results 

Projections of future earnings or losses 

News of a pending or proposed merger or acquisition 

News of the acquisition or disposition of a product candidate 

4 

Impending bankruptcy or financial liquidity problems 

Changes in dividend policy 

New product or service announcements of a significant nature 

Stock splits or cash or stock dividends 

New equity or debt offerings 

Significant litigation exposure due to actual or threatened litigation 

Major changes in senior management or the Board of Directors 

Listing status on an exchange or market 

Nonpublic information is information that has not
been previously disclosed to the general public and is otherwise not available to the general public. 

Certain Exceptions 

For purposes of this Policy, the Company considers
that the exercise of stock options for cash under the Company s equity incentive plans (but not the sale of any such shares)
is exempt from this Policy, since the other party to the transaction is the Company itself and the price does not vary with the market
but is fixed by the terms of the option agreement or the plan. The Company does not exempt from this Policy the sale of stock received
under the Company s stock option or other equity incentive plans (pursuant to stock options, restricted stock awards, stock bonuses
or otherwise) or any action taken by a participant pursuant to such plans (or awards thereunder) that results in the participant receiving
consideration based on the market price of the Company s stock. 

In addition, Rule 10b5-1 promulgated under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, provides affirmative defenses against insider trading claims if the person making the purchase
or sale demonstrates that: 

(A) before becoming aware of the information, the person had: 

(1) entered into a binding contract to purchase or sell the security; 

(2) instructed another person to purchase or sell the security for the instructing person s account; or 

(3) adopted a written plan for trading securities; and 

(B) such contract, instruction or plan must have: 

(1) specified the amount of securities to be purchased or sold
and the price at which and the date on which the securities were to be purchased and sold; 

(2) included a written formula or algorithm, or computer program, for determining the amount of securities to be purchased or sold and
the price at which and the date on which the securities were to be purchased or sold; or 

5 

(3) did not permit the person to exercise any subsequent influence over how, when, or whether to effect purchases or sales; provided,
in addition, that any other person who, pursuant to the contract, instruction or plan, did exercise such influence must not have been
aware of the material nonpublic information when doing so; and 

(C) the purchase or sale that occurred was pursuant to the contract, instruction or plan. For example, a person will fail this requirement
if the person alters or deviates from the contract, instruction or plan to purchase or sell securities, whether by changing the amount,
price or timing of the purchase or sale, or if such person entered into or altered a corresponding or hedging transaction or position
with respect to those securities. 

Additional
Information Board Members and Officers 

Board Members and officers of the Company must
also comply with the reporting obligations and limitations on short-swing transactions set forth in Section 16 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Officers and Board Members may not purchase and sell (or sell and then purchase) the Company s
securities at a profit within any six-month period whether or not they had knowledge of any Inside Information at that time. Neither the
receipt of an option under the Company s equity plans, nor the exercise of that option, will be deemed a purchase under Section
16; however, the sale of any such shares is a sale under Section 16. Moreover, no officer or Board Member may ever make a short sale
of the Company s stock. The Company has provided, or will provide, separate memoranda and other appropriate materials to its officers
and Board Members regarding compliance with Section 16 and its related rules. 

Inquiries 

Please direct your questions as to any of the matters
discussed in this Policy to the Company s Insider Trading Compliance Officer, currently the Company s Chief Financial Officer. 

Adopted by the Board of Directors on June 23, 2016. 

6 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ea022565601ex23-1_citius.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-235535, 333-257282, 333-269703 and 333-277315),
Form S-1 (No. 333-226395, 333-230919, 333-233759, 333-237638 and 333-238975) and on Form S-3 (No. 333-277319, 333-248748, 333-252561,
333-253179, 333-255005 and 333-256063) of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. of our report dated December 27, 2024, relating to the consolidated
financial statements of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc., appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024. 

/s/ Wolf Company, P.C. 

Wolf Company, P.C. 

 Boston, Massachusetts 

 December 27, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ea022565601ex31-1_citius.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Leonard Mazur, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

December 27, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Leonard Mazur 

Leonard Mazur 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ea022565601ex31-2_citius.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Jaime Bartushak, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

December 27, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jaime Bartushak 

Jaime Bartushak 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ea022565601ex32-1_citius.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Citius
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Leonard Mazur, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company,
and Jaime Bartushak, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: December 27, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Leonard Mazur 

Leonard Mazur 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Jaime Bartushak 

Jaime Bartushak 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ctxr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ctxr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ctxr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ctxr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ctxr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

