<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241126_10-K_edgar_data_1378992_0001140361-24-047881.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14916439</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>216809</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2549050</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5689006</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3165689</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2748092</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-24-047881.hdr.sgml : 20241126
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241126161532
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-24-047881
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241126
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241126

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001378992
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS PRODUCTS, NEC [3089]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0928

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35672
		FILM NUMBER:		241503985

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 OAKLEY STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 959
		CITY:			EVANSVILLE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47710
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8124242904

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 OAKLEY STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 959
		CITY:			EVANSVILLE
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47710

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BERRY GLOBAL GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170503

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BERRY PLASTICS GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061024

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-24-047881.txt : 20241126

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm
 BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC. 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the Fiscal Year Ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from __________ to __________

Commission File Number 

A corporation

, , , 

 ) 

IRS employer identification number

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
 preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
 company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Small reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
 accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
 reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect
 the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
 registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates was approximately billion as of March 29, 2024, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The aggregate market value was computed using the closing sale price as
 reported on the New York Stock Exchange. As of November 26, 2024, there were million shares of common stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of Berry Global Group, Inc. s Proxy Statement for its 2025
 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report.

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Information included in or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K and other filings with
 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and the Company s press releases or other public statements, contains or may contain forward-looking statements. This report includes forward-looking statements with respect to our
 financial condition, results of operations and business and our expectations or beliefs concerning future events. These statements contain words such as believes, expects, may, will, should, would, could, seeks, approximately, 
 intends, plans, estimates, project, outlook, anticipates, or looking forward or similar expressions that relate to our strategy, plans, intentions, or expectations. All statements we make relating to our estimated and projected earnings,
 margins, costs, expenditures, cash flows, growth rates, and financial results or to our expectations regarding future industry trends are forward-looking statements. In addition, we, through our senior management, from time to time make
 forward-looking public statements concerning our expected future operations and performance and other developments. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may change at any time, and, therefore, our actual results
 may differ materially from those that we expected. All forward-looking statements are made only as of the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future
 events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law.

Additionally, we caution readers that the list of important factors discussed in the section titled Risk Factors may not contain all of the material factors that are
 important to you. In addition, in light of these risks and uncertainties, the matters referred to in the forward-looking statements contained in this report may not in fact occur. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on those
 statements.

1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS

FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 28,
 2024

Page

PART I

Item 1. 

BUSINESS 

3

Item 1A. 

RISK FACTORS 

5

Item 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

8

Item 1C. 

CYBERSECURITY 

8

Item 2. 

PROPERTIES 

9

Item 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

9

Item 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

9

PART II

Item 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
 STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

10

I tem 6. 

RESERVED 

10

Item 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

10

Item 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
 RISK 

15

Item 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
 DATA 

16

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 42 

16

Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022

19

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of fiscal 2024 and 2023

20

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022

21

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022

22

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

23

Item 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
 ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

42

Item 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

42

Item 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

42

Item 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
 INSPECTIONS 

42

PART III

Item 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
 GOVERNANCE 

43

Item 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

43

Item 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
 AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

43

Item 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND
 DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

43

Item 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

43

PART IV

Item 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

44

Item 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

44

2 

Table of Contents 

Item 1. BUSINESS 

(In millions of dollars, except as otherwise noted)

General

At Berry Global Group, Inc. Berry, we, or the Company ), we create innovative packaging
 solutions that we believe make life better for people and the planet. We do this every day by leveraging our unmatched global capabilities, sustainability leadership, and deep innovation expertise to serve customers of all sizes around the world.
 Harnessing the strength in our diversity and industry-leading talent of over 34,000 global employees across more than 200 locations, we partner with customers to develop, design, and manufacture innovative products with an eye toward the circular
 economy. The challenges we solve and the innovations we pioneer benefit our customers at every stage of their journey. We sell our products predominantly into stable, consumer-oriented end markets, such as healthcare, personal care, and food
 and beverage. Our customers consist of a diverse mix of global, national, regional and local specialty businesses. For the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024 fiscal 2024 ), no single customer represented more than 5 of net sales and our top ten customers represented 14 of
 net sales. We believe our manufacturing processes, manufacturing footprint and our ability to leverage our scale to reduce costs, positions us as a low-cost manufacturer relative to our competitors.

Additional financial information about our segments is provided in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements sections of this report.

Segment Overview

The Company s operations are organized into four reporting segments: Consumer Packaging International, Consumer Packaging North America, Flexibles, and Health, Hygiene
 Specialties. The structure is designed to align us with our customers, provide optimal service, drive future growth, and to facilitate synergy realization.

Consumer Packaging International

The Consumer Packaging International segment is a manufacturer of rigid products that primarily services non-North American markets. Product groups within the segment
 include Closures and Dispensing Systems, Pharmaceutical Devices and Packaging, Bottles and Canisters, Containers, and Technical Components. In fiscal 2024,
 Consumer Packaging International accounted for 32 of our consolidated net sales.

Consumer Packaging North America

The Consumer Packaging North America segment is a manufacturer of rigid products that primarily services North American markets. Product groups within the segment include
 Containers and Pails, Foodservice, Closures, Bottles and Prescription Vials, and Tubes. In fiscal 2024, Consumer Packaging North America
 accounted for 24 of our consolidated net sales.

Flexibles

The Flexibles segment is a manufacturer of flexible products that services primarily North American and European markets. Product groups within the segment include Stretch
 and Shrink Films, Converter Films, Institutional Can Liners, Food and Consumer Films, Retail Bags, and Agriculture Films. In fiscal 2024,
 Flexibles accounted for 23 of our consolidated net sales.

Health, Hygiene Specialties

The Health, Hygiene Specialties segment is a manufacturer of non-woven and related products that services global markets. Product groups within the segment include
 Healthcare, Hygiene, Specialties, and Tapes. In fiscal 2024, Health, Hygiene Specialties accounted for 21 of our consolidated net
 sales.

In February 2024, the Company announced plans for a spin-off and merger of our Health, Hygiene and Specialties Nonwovens and Films business with Glatfelter Corporation. The
 spin-off occurred on November 4, 2024 and the historical business will be presented as a Discontinued Operation in future filings.

Marketing, Sales, and Competition

We reach our large and diversified customer base through a direct sales force of dedicated professionals and the strategic use of distributors. Our scale enables us to
 dedicate certain sales and marketing efforts to particular products or customers, when applicable, which enables us to develop expertise that we believe is valued by our customers.

The major markets in which the Company sells its products are highly competitive. Areas of competition include service, innovation, quality, and price. This competition is
 significant as to both the size and the number of competing firms. Competitors include but are not limited to Amcor, Silgan, Aptar, 3M, and Sigma.

3 

Table of Contents 

Raw Materials

Our primary raw material is polymer resin. In addition, we use other materials such as butyl rubber, adhesives, paper and packaging materials, linerboard, rayon, polyester
 fiber, and foil, in various manufacturing processes. While temporary industry-wide shortages of raw materials have occurred, we have historically been able to manage the supply chain disruption by working closely with our suppliers and customers.
 Changes in the price of raw materials are generally passed on to customers through contractual price mechanisms over time, during contract renewals and other means.

Intellectual Property

While important to our business in the aggregate, the loss of any single patent or license alone would not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations as a
 whole or those of our reportable segments.

Environmental and Sustainability

We believe there will always be a leading role for Berry s product offerings due to our ability to promote customer brands by providing superior clarity, protection, design
 versatility, consumer safety, convenience, cost efficiency, barrier properties, and environmental performance. We collaborate with customers, suppliers, and innovators to create industry-leading solutions which offer lighter weight products, enable
 longer shelf-life, and protect products throughout supply chains.

Sustainability is comprehensively embedded across our business, from how we run our manufacturing operations more efficiently to the investments we are making in
 sustainable packaging. We believe responsible packaging is the answer to achieving less waste and that responsible packaging requires four things - innovative design, continued development of renewable and advanced raw materials, waste management
 infrastructure, and consumer participation. Berry is committed to responsible packaging and has (1) targeted 100 reusable, recyclable, or compostable packaging by 2025,
 (2) significantly increased our use of circular materials in order to meet our targeted 30 circular content by 2030, and (3) worked to drive greater recycling rates around the world. With our global scale, deep industry experience, and strong
 capabilities, we are uniquely positioned to assist our customer in the design and development of more sustainable packaging. 

We also work globally on continuous improvement of employee safety, energy usage, water efficiency, waste reduction, recycling and reducing our Green house
 Gas (GHG) emissions. Our teams focus on improving the circularity and reducing the carbon footprint of our products. We anticipate higher demand for products with lower emissions intensity where polymer resin based products are inherently well
 positioned since they typically have lower GHG emissions per functional unit compared to heavier alternatives such as paper, metal and glass. Additionally, there is also significant work being done on the use of recycled and bio-based content, which
 typically has lower associated GHG emissions compared to other virgin materials.

Human Capital and Employees

Overview

Berry s mission of Always Advancing to Protect What s Important has never been more critical
 as we are proud to work alongside our customers to supply products that are ess ential to everyday life. We continue to prioritize the health and well-being of the communities we serve as well as our employees and their families. We employ
 approximately 42,000 employees, and approximately 19 of those employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The majority of these agreements are due for renegotiation annually.

Health and Safety

Employee safe ty is our number one core value. We believe when it comes to employee safety,
 our best should always be our standard. It is through the adherence to our global Environment, Health, and Safety principles we have been able to identify and mitigate operational risks and drive continuous improvement, resulting in an OSHA
 incident rate below 1.0 which is significantly lower than the industry average. 

Talent and Development

We seek to attract, develop and retain talent throughout the company. Our succession management strategy focuses on a structured succession framework and
 multiple years of performance. Our holistic approach to developing key managers and identifying future leaders includes challenging assignments, formal development plans and professional coaching. Resources to support employee development include
 operational programs, university partnerships, internal e-learning requirements, tuition reimbursement programs, and apprenticeships.

4 

Table of Contents 

Employee Engagement

We seek to ensure that everyone is motivated to perform every day. To further that objective, our engagement approach focuses on clear communication and
 recognition. We communicate through regular employee meetings, at both the corporate and operating division levels, with business and market updates and information on production, safety, quality and other operating metrics. We have many
 recognition-oriented awards throughout our company and conduct company-wide engagement surveys which have generally indicated high levels of engagement and trust in Berry s leadership.

Inclusion and Diversity

We strive to build a safe and inclusive culture where employees feel valued and treated with respect. We believe inclusion helps drive engagement,
 innovation and organizational growth. We provide annual training to our diversified global workforce on the importance of having a culture of inclusion.

Ethics

Our employees are expected to act with integrity and we maintain a Global Code of Business Ethics which is attested by every Berry employee and provides the
 Company's framework for ethical business. We provide targeted annual training across the globe to reinforce our commitment to ethics and drive adherence to the laws in each jurisdiction in which we operate.

Available Information

We make available, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments, if any, to those reports
 through our internet website as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with the SEC. Our internet address is www.berryglobal.com. The information contained on our website is not being incorporated herein.

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS

Operational Risks

Global economic conditions may negatively impact our business operations and financial results.

Challenging global conditions, including inflation or military conflicts, may negatively impact our business operations and financial results. When challenging economic conditions exist, our customers may delay, decrease or cancel purchases from us, and may also delay payment or fail to pay us
 altogether. Suppliers may have difficulty filling our orders and distributors may have difficulty getting our products to customers, which may affect our ability to meet customer demands, and result in a loss of business. Weakened global economic
 conditions may also result in unfavorable changes in our product prices, product mix and profit margins. Although we take measures to mitigate the impact of inflation, including through pricing actions and productivity programs, if these actions are
 not effective our cash flow, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. In addition, there could be a time lag between recognizing the benefit of our mitigating actions versus when the challenge occurs and there is no
 assurance that our mitigating measures will be able to fully mitigate the negative impacts.

Political volatility may also contribute to the general economic conditions and regulatory
 uncertainty in regions in which we operate. Future unrest and changing policies could result in an adverse impact to our financial condition. Political developments can also disrupt the markets we serve and the tax jurisdictions in which we operate
 and may affect our busin ess, financial condition and results of operations.

Raw material inflation or shortage of available materials could harm our financial condition and results of operations.

Raw materials are subject to price fluct uations and availability, due to external factors,
 which are beyond our control. Temporary industry-wide shortages of raw materials have occurred in the past, which can lead to increased raw material price volatility. Additionally, our suppliers could experience cost increases to produce raw
 material due to increases in carbon pricing. Historically we have been able to manage the impact of higher costs by increasing our selling prices. We have generally been well positioned to capture additional market share as our primary raw
 material, polymer resin, is typically a lower cost and more versatile substrate compared to alternatives. However, raw material shortages or our inability to timely pass-through increased costs to our customers may adversely affect our busin ess,

financial condition and results of operations.

5 

Table of Contents 

Weather related events could negatively impact our results of operations.

Weather related events could adversely impact our business and those of our customers, suppliers, and partners. Such events may have a physical impact on
 our facilities, inventory, suppliers, and equipment and any unplanned downtime at any of our facilities could result in unabsorbed costs that could negatively impact our results of operations for the period in which it experienced the downtime. 
 Longer-term changes in climate patterns could alter future customer demand, impact supply chains and increase operating costs. However, any such changes are uncertain and we cannot predict the net impact from such events.

We may not be able to compete successfully and our customers may not continue to purchase our products.

We compete with multiple companies in each of our product lines on the basis of a number of considerations, including price, service, quality, product characteristics and the
 ability to supply products to customers in a timely manner. Our products also compete with various other substrates. Some of these competitive products are not subject to the impact of changes in resin prices, which may have a significant and
 negative impact on our competitive position versus substitute products. Additionally, consumer views on environmental considerations could potentially impact demand for our products that utilize fossil fuel based materials in their manufacturing. Our
 competitors may have financial and other resources that are substantially greater than ours and may be better able than us to withstand higher costs. Competition and product preference changes could result in our products losing market share or our
 having to reduce our prices, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, since we do not have long-term arrangements with many of our customers, these competitive
 factors could cause our customers to shift suppliers and/or packaging material quickly.

We may pursue and execute acquisitions or divestitures, which could adversely affect our business.

Transactions involve special risks, including the potential assumption of unanticipated liabilities and contingencies as well as difficulties in integrating acquired
 businesses or carving-out divested businesses, which may result in substantial costs, delays or other problems that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, we may not realize all of the
 synergies we expect to achieve from our current strategic initiatives due to a variety of risks. If we are unable to achieve the benefits that we expect to achieve from our strategic initiatives, it could adversely affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

In the event of a catastrophic loss of one of our key manufacturing facilities, our business would be adversely affected.

While we manufacture our products in a large number of diversified facilities and maintain insurance covering our facilities, including business interruption insurance, a
 catastrophic loss of the use of all or a portion of one of our key manufacturing facilities due to accident, labor issues, weather conditions, natural disaster, pandemic or otherwise, whether short or long-term, could result in future losses.

Employee retention, labor cost inflation or the failure to renew collective bargaining agreements could disrupt our business.

Our relations with employees under collective bargaining agreements remain satisfactory and there have been no significant work stoppages or other labor disputes during the
 past four years. However, we may not be able to maintain constructive relationships with labor unions or trade councils and may not be able to successfully negotiate new collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms in the future.

Labor is subject to cost inflation, availability and workforce participation rates, all of which could be impacted by factors beyond our control. As a result, there can be
 no assurance we will be able to recruit, train, assimilate, motivate and retain employees in the future. The loss of a substantial number of these employees or a prolonged labor dispute could disrupt our business and result in future losses.

We depend on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business, and increased cybersecurity threats, system inadequacies, and
 failures could disrupt our operations, compromise customer, employee, vendor and other data which could negatively affect our business.

We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of information technology systems and networks. These systems and networks are vulnerable to increased threats and more
 sophisticated computer crime, energy interruptions, telecommunications failures, breakdowns, natural disasters, terrorism, war, computer malware or other malicious intrusions.

We also maintain and have access to data and information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer controls. Despite our efforts to protect
 such information, breaches, misplaced or lost data and programming damages could result in a negative impact on the business. While we have not had material system interruptions historically associated with these risks, there can be no assurance from
 future interruptions that could result in future losses.

6 

Table of Contents 

Financial and Legal Risks

Our substantial indebtedness could affect our ability to meet our obligations and may otherwise restrict our activities.

We have a significant amount of indebtedness, which requires significant interest payments. The amount of interest charges could increase materially due to rising interest
 rates as indebtedness is refinanced, interest rate swaps expire, or accounts receivable factoring grows. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our obligations on commercially reasonable terms,
 would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, servicing the interest obligations of our existing indebtedness could limit our ability to respond to business opportunities, including
 growing our business through acquisitions or increased levels of capital expenditures.

Goodwill and other intangibles represent a significant amount of our net worth, and a future write-off could result in lower reported net income and a
 reduction of our net worth.

We have a substantial amount of goodwill. Future changes in market multiples, cost of capital, expected cash flows, or other external factors, may adversely affect our
 business and cause our goodwill to be impaired, resulting in a non-cash charge against results of operations to write off goodwill or indefinite lived intangible assets for the amount of impairment. If a future write-off is required, the charge could
 result in significant losses.

Our international operations pose risks to our business that may not be present with our domestic operations.

We are subject to foreign exchange rate risk, both transactional and translational, which may negatively affect our financial performance. Exchange rates between transactional currencies may change rapidly due to a variety of factors. In particular, our translational exposure may be impacted by movements in the exchange rate of
 the euro or the British pound sterling against the U.S. dollar.

Foreign operations are also subject to certain risks that are unique to doing business in foreign countries including supply chain challenges, disruption of energy, changes
 in applicable laws, including assessments of income and non-income related taxes, inability to readily repatriate cash to the U.S. effectively, and regulatory policies and various trade restrictions including potential changes to taxes or duties. We
 are also subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws that generally bar bribes or unreasonable gifts to foreign governments or officials. We have implemented safeguards, training and policies to
 discourage these practices by our employees and agents. However, if employees violate our policies, we may be subject to regulatory sanctions. Any of these risks could disrupt our business and result in significant losses.

Current and future environmental and other governmental requirements could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to conduct our
 business.

While we have not been required historically to make significant capital expenditures in order to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, we cannot
 predict our future capital expenditure requirements because of continually changing compliance standards and environmental technology. Furthermore, violations or contaminated sites that we do not know about (including contamination caused by prior
 owners and operators of such sites or newly discovered information) could result in additional compliance or remediation costs or other liabilities. In addition, federal, state, local, and foreign governments could enact laws or regulations
 concerning environmental matters, such as greenhouse gas (carbon) emissions, that increase the cost of producing, or otherwise adversely affect the demand for our products. Additionally, several governmental bodies in jurisdictions where we operate have introduced, or are contemplating introducing, regulatory change to address the potential impacts of changes in climate and global warming, which may have
 adverse impacts on our operations or financial results. We believe that any such laws promulgated to date have not had a material adverse effect on us, as we have historically been able to manage the impact of higher costs by increasing
 our selling prices. However, there can be no assurance that future legislation or regulation would not have a material adverse effect on us.

Changes in tax laws or changes in our geographic mix of earnings could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operation.

We are subject to income and other taxes in the many jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax laws and regulations are complex and the determination of our global provision for
 income taxes and current and deferred tax assets and liabilities requires judgment and estimation. We are subject to routine examinations of our income tax returns, and tax authorities may disagree with our tax positions and assess additional tax. Our
 future income taxes could also be negatively impacted by our mix of earnings in the jurisdictions in which we operate being different than anticipated given differences in statutory tax rates in the countries in which we operate. In addition, tax
 policy efforts to raise global corporate tax rates could adversely impact our tax rate and subsequent tax expense.

7 

Table of Contents 

We may not be successful in protecting our intellectual property rights, including our unpatented proprietary know-how and trade secrets, or in avoiding
 claims that we infringed on the intellectual property rights of others.

In addition to relying on patent and trademark rights, we rely on unpatented proprietary know-how and trade secrets, and employ various methods, including confidentiality
 agreements with employees and consultants, customers and suppliers to protect our know-how and trade secrets. However, these methods and our patents and trademarks may not afford complete protection and there can be no assurance that others will not
 independently develop the know-how and trade secrets or develop better production methods than us. Further, we may not be able to deter current and former employees, contractors and other parties from breaching agreements and misappropriating
 proprietary information and it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise obtain and use our information and proprietary technology without authorization or otherwise infringe on our intellectual property rights. Furthermore, no assurance can
 be given that we will not be subject to claims asserting the infringement of the intellectual property rights of third parties seeking damages, the payment of royalties or licensing fees and/or injunctions against the sale of our products. Any such
 litigation could be protracted and costly and could result in significant losses.

We may be subject to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings, including product liability claims, that could adversely
 affect our business operations and financial performance.

In the ordinary course of our business, we are involved in legal proceedings, including
 product liability claims, which may lead to financial or reputational damages. See Note 5. Commitments, Leases and Contingencies. We may also be subject to
 inquiries, inspections, investigations and proceedings by relevant regulatory and other governmental agencies. Given our global footprint, we are exposed to more uncertainty regarding the regulatory environment. The timing of the final resolutions
 to lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal proceedings is typically uncertain, and any such proceedings or claims, regardless of merit, could be time consuming and expensive to defend and could divert management s attention
 and resources. The possible outcomes of these proceedings could include adverse judgments, settlements, injunctions, fines, penalties or other results adverse to us that could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 reputation and result in significant losses. Even if we are successful in defending ourselves against these actions, the costs of such defense may be significant to us. 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None.

Item 1C. CYBERSECURITY

Governance

While our Board of Directors has responsibility for the oversight of risk management on an enterprise-wide basis, it has delegated certain risk oversight responsibilities to
 its committees. The Audit Finance Committee of our Board of Directors is tasked with, among other things, providing oversight of cybersecurity risk.

The Audit Finance Committee receives quarterly briefings regarding the Company s cybersecurity matters from our Chief Information Security Officer, who has primary
 management oversight of cybersecurity matters and reports to our Chief Information Officer. The topics reported by the Chief Information Security Officer include updates on the Company s cybersecurity threats, the status of projects to strengthen our
 information security systems, assessments of the cybersecurity program, and the emerging threat landscape, as well as the results of any third-party and internal assessments conducted. The full Board of Directors receives briefings on an as-needed
 basis from the Audit Finance Committee or management, as applicable.

The Global IT Team is led by the Chief Information Officer, who has served in various roles in information technology and information security for over 30 years and has
 significant experience across information security, infrastructure, operations and compliance. Our Chief Information Security Officer reports to the Company s Chief Information Officer and has served in various roles in information technology and
 information security for over 30 years. He leads a team that focuses on the Company s cybersecurity, including primary responsibility for leading enterprise-wide information security strategy, processes, as well as assessing, identifying, and managing
 cybersecurity risks, which is an integrated aspect of our overall enterprise risk management program.

Members of our Global IT Leadership Team and appropriate members of Senior Management, supervise efforts to identify, assess, manage and mitigate cybersecurity risks and
 incidents through various means, including briefings from internal personnel and other information obtained from governmental, public, or private sources, including external consultants engaged by us.

8 

Table of Contents 

Risk Management and Strategy

Risk Assessment

We recognize that global cybersecurity threats and targeted attacks are an evolving risk to our data, infrastructure, and overall operations and are committed to addressing cybersecurity risks through a comprehensive, cross-functional approach that reduces security risks, helps ensure business and stakeholder information is handled
 securely, and effectively responds to cybersecurity incidents when they occur. 

We have also established and maintain a comprehensive Global Incident Response Plan designed to enable compliance with reporting standards and provide robust response to
 global cybersecurity events. Incidents are reviewed by the Global IMS Leadership Team and appropriate members of Senior Management.

Cybersecurity Assessments

We conduct targeted security assessments and penetration tests throughout the year by internal teams as well as through engagements with third party service providers,
 including information security maturity assessments, audits and independent reviews of our information security control environment and operating effectiveness.

Effects and Impacts of Cybersecurity Risks

As of the date of this report, we have not identified any risks from known cybersecurity
 threats, including any prior cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. For a discussion on the Company s
 cybersecurity related risks, see the risk factors titled We depend on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our
 business, and increased cybersecurity threats, system inadequacies, and failures could disrupt our operations, compromise customer, employee, vendor and other data which could negatively affect our business " and other risk factors contained in Part 1, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 2. PROPERTIES 

Our primary manufacturing facilities by geographic area are as follows:

Geographic Region

Total Facilities

Leased Facilities

US and Canada

82

16

Europe

94

21

Rest of world

24

10

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

For information see Note 5. Commitments, Leases and Contingencies

Item 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable.

9 

Table of Contents 

PART II

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock BERY is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. As of the date of this filing there were fewer than 550 active record holders of the common stock, but we
 estimate the number of beneficial stockholders to be much higher as a number of our shares are held by brokers or dealers for their customers in street name. During fiscal 2024 the Company declared and paid cash dividends of 0.275 per share for each
 quarter, and during fiscal 2023 the Company declared and paid cash dividends of 0.25 per share for each quarter.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The following table summarizes the Company's repurchases of its common stock during the Quarterly Period ended September 28, 2024.

Fiscal Period

Total Number of

 Shares Purchased

Average Price

 Paid Per Share

Total Number of Shares

 Purchased as Part of Publicly

 Announced Programs

Dollar Value of Shares that

 May Yet be Purchased Under

 the Program (in millions) (a) 

July

53,794

58.51

53,794

321

August

321

September

321

Total

53,794

58.51

53,794

321

(a) 

All open market purchases during the quarter were made under the fiscal 2023 authorization from our board of directors to purchase up to 1 billion of shares of common stock. See Note
 9. Stockholders' Equity.

Item 6. RESERVED 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Outlook

The Company is affected by general economic and industrial growth, raw material availability, cost inflation, supply chain disruptions, and general consumption levels. Our
 business has both geographic and end market diversity, which reduces the effect of any one of these factors on our overall performance. Our results are affected by our ability to pass through raw material and other cost changes to our customers,
 improve manufacturing productivity and adapt to volume changes of our customers. Despite global macro-economic challenges in the short-term attributed to continued rising inflation and general market softness, we continue to believe our underlying
 long-term fundamentals in all divisions remain strong. For fiscal 2025, we project cash flow from operations between 1.125 to 1.225 billion
 and free cash flow between 600 to 700 million. Projected fiscal 2025 free cash flow assumes 525 million of capital spending. For the
 definition of free cash flow and further information related to free cash flow as a non-GAAP financial measure, see Liquidity and Capital Resources. 

Discussion of Results of Operations for Fiscal 2024
 Compared to Fiscal 2023

The Company's U.S. based results for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 are based on fifty-two week periods. Business integration expenses consist of
 restructuring and impairment charges, divestiture related costs, and other business optimization costs. Tables present dollars in millions. A discussion and analysis regarding our results of operations for fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022
 can be found on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC in November 2023.

Consolidated Overview

Fiscal Year

2024

2023

Change

Change

Net sales

12,258

12,664

(406

(3

Cost of goods sold

10,005

10,354

(349

(3

Other operating expenses

1,316

1,231

85

7

Operating income

937

1,079

(142

(13

10 

Table of Contents 

Net sales: The net sales decline is primarily attributed to decreased selling
 prices of 375 million due to the pass-through of lower resin costs, a 1 volume decline, and fiscal 2024 divestiture sales of 77 million. The declines are partially offset by an 82 million favorable impact from foreign currency changes and
 acquisition sales of 42 million.

Cost of goods sold: The cost of goods sold decrease is primarily attributed to raw
 material price declines, and the fiscal 2024 divestitures. The declines are partially offset by cost of goods sold from acquired entities, an increase in depreciation expense, and an unfavorable impact from foreign currency changes.

Other operating expenses: The other operating expenses increase is primarily attributed to a 57 million loss from divestitures and costs associated with the announced spin-off and merger of our HHNF business with GLT.

Operating Income: The operating income decrease is primarily attributed to a 20 million unfavorable impact from price cost spread, a 14 million unfavorable impact from volume declines, an 88 million unfavorable
 impact from increased business consolidation costs, and a 39 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense. These declines are partially offset by a 6 million decrease in SG A expenses.

Consumer Packaging International 

Fiscal Year

2024

2023

Change

Change

Net sales

3,843

4,031

(188

(5

Operating income

186

273

(87

(32

Net sales: The net sales decline is primarily attributed to decreased selling
 prices of 153 million, a 1 volume decline, and fiscal 2024 divestiture sales of 77 million, partially offset by a 61 million favorable impact from foreign currency changes.

Operating Income: The operating income decrease is primarily
 attributed to a 74 million unfavorable impact from increased business consolidation 
 costs, fiscal 2024 divestitures of 12 million, and a 12 million unfavorable impact from increased depreciation and amortization expense. These declines were partially offset by a 10 million favorable impact from foreign currency changes.

Consumer Packaging North America

Fiscal Year

2024

2023

Change

Change

Net sales

3,122

3,122

0

Operating income

366

346

20

6

Net sales: Net sales in the Consumer Packaging North America division were flat
 year over year primarily due to revenue from acquisitions, partially offset by decreased selling prices of 29 million and a 1 volume decline.

Operating Income: The operating income increase is primarily
 attributed to 18 million in earnings from acquisitions , a decline in business consolidation expenses of 17 million, and a favorable impact from lower selling, general, and administrative expenses. The increases were partially offset by a 3

million unfavorable impact from price cost spread and a 10 million unfavorable impact from increased depreciation and amortization expense.

Flexibles 

Fiscal Year

2024

2023

Change

Change

Net sales

2,756

2,884

(128

(4

Operating income

310

333

(23

(7

Net sales: The net sales decline is primarily attributed to decreased selling
 prices of 109 million and a 1 volume decline, partially offset by a 12 million favorable impact from foreign currency changes.

Operating Income: The operating income decrease is primarily
 attributed a 7 million unfavorable impact from the volume decline, an unfavorable impact from increased depreciation and amortization expense of 11 million, and an unfavorable impact from increased selling, general, and administrative expenses. The
 decrease is partially offset by an 8 million favorable impact from price cost spread.

11 

Table of Contents 

Health, Hygiene Specialties

Fiscal Year

2024

2023

Change

Change

Net sales

2,537

2,627

(90

(3

Operating income

75

127

(52

(41

Net sales: The net sales decline is primarily attributed to decreased selling
 prices of 84 million and a 1 volume decline, partially offset by a 9 million favorable impact from foreign currency changes.

Operating Income: The operating income decrease is primarily
 attributed to a 22 million unfavorable impact from price cost spread, partially offset by a 5 million favorable impact from foreign currency changes.

Other expense

Fiscal Year

2024

2023

Change

Change

Other expense

15

31

(16

(52

The Other expense decrease is primarily attributed to the adverse impact from our hyperinflationary Argentina subsidiary in the prior year.

Interest expense

Fiscal Year

2024

2023

Change

Change

Interest expense

311

306

5

2

The interest expense increase is primarily the
 result of higher interest rates from current year debt refinancing, partially offset by debt repayments.

Comprehensive Income

Fiscal Year

2024

2023

Change

Change

Comprehensive Income

557

676

(119

(18

The decrease in comprehensive income is attributed to a 4 million favorable change in currency translation, partially offset by a 93 million decrease in net income, a 114 million unfavorable change in the fair
 value of interest rate hedges, and an 92 million favorable change from unrealized losses on the Company's pension plans. Currency translation
 changes are primarily related to non-U.S. subsidiaries with a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar whereby assets and liabilities are translated from the respective functional currency into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates. The
 change in currency translation was primarily attributed to locations utilizing the euro and British pound sterling as their functional currency. As part of the overall risk management, the Company uses derivative instruments to (i) reduce our exposure
 to changes in interest rates attributed to the Company s borrowings and (ii) reduce foreign currency exposure to translation of certain foreign operations. The Company records changes to the fair value of these instruments in Accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss). The change in fair value of these instruments in fiscal 2024 versus fiscal 2023 is primarily attributed to a change in the forward interest and foreign exchange curves between measurement dates.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Senior Secured Credit Facility

We manage our global cash requirements considering (i) available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business, (ii) the geographic location of our
 liquidity needs, and (iii) the cost to access international cash balances. At the end of fiscal 2024, the Company had no outstanding balance
 on its 1.0 billion asset-based revolving line of credit that matures in June 2028. The Company was in compliance with all covenants at the end
 of fiscal 2024. See Note 3. Long-Term Debt.

Cash Flows from Operating Activities

Net cash provided by operating activities decreased 210
 million from fiscal 2023 primarily attributed to changes in working capital.

12 

Table of Contents 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities decreased 204 million from
 fiscal 2023 primarily attributed to proceeds from business divestitures and a decline in capital spend.

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

Net cash used in financing activities decreased 105 million from
 fiscal 2023 primarily attributed to higher net repayments on long-term borrowings, partially offset by lower share repurchases.

Dividends

The Company declared and paid cash dividends of 139 million during
 fiscal 2024.

Share Repurchases

The Company repurchased approximately 2.0 million
 shares for 120 million and approximately 9.8
 million shares for 607 million in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. See Note 9. Stockholders' Equity.

Free Cash Flow

We define "free cash flow" as cash flow from operating activities less net additions to property, plant and equipment. Based on our definition, our consolidated free cash
 flow is summarized as follows:

Fiscal years ended

September 28,

 2024

September 30,

 2023

Cash flow from operating activities

1,405

1,615

Additions to property, plant and equipment, net

(551

(689

Free cash flow

854

926

We use free cash flow as a supplemental measure of liquidity as it assists us in assessing our ability to fund growth through generation of cash. Free cash flow may be
 calculated differently by other companies, including other companies in our industry or peer group, limiting its usefulness. Free cash flow is not a generally accepted accounting principles GAAP financial measure and should not be considered as an
 alternative to any other measure determined in accordance with GAAP.

Liquidity Outlook

At the end of fiscal 2024, our cash balance was 1,095 million, of which approximately 53 was located outside the U.S. We believe our existing U.S. based cash and cash flow from U.S. operations, together
 with available borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities, will be adequate to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity needs with the exception of funds needed to cover all long-term debt obligations which we intend to refinance prior to
 maturity. The Company has the ability to repatriate the cash located outside the U.S. to the extent not needed to meet operational and capital needs without significant restrictions. Our unremitted foreign earnings were 1.9 billion at the end of
 fiscal 2024. The computation of the deferred tax liability associated with unremitted earnings is not practicable.

13 

Table of Contents 

Summarized Guarantor Financial Information

Berry Global, Inc. Issuer has notes outstanding which are fully, jointly, severally, and unconditionally guaranteed by its parent, Berry Global Group, Inc. (for purposes
 of this section, Parent and substantially all of Issuer s domestic subsidiaries. Separate narrative information or financial statements of the guarantor subsidiaries have not been included because they are 100 owned by Parent and the guarantor
 subsidiaries unconditionally guarantee such debt on a joint and several basis. A guarantee of a guarantor subsidiary of the securities will terminate upon the following customary circumstances: the sale of the capital stock of such guarantor if such
 sale complies with the indentures, the designation of such guarantor as an unrestricted subsidiary, the defeasance or discharge of the indenture or in the case of a restricted subsidiary that is required to guarantee after the relevant issuance date,
 if such guarantor no longer guarantees certain other indebtedness of the issuer. The guarantees of the guarantor subsidiaries are also limited as necessary to prevent them from constituting a fraudulent conveyance under applicable law and any
 guarantees guaranteeing subordinated debt are subordinated to certain other of the Company s debts. Parent also guarantees the Issuer s term loans and revolving credit facilities. The guarantor subsidiaries guarantee our term loans and are
 co-borrowers under our revolving credit facility.

Presented below is summarized financial information for the Parent, Issuer and guarantor subsidiaries on a combined basis, after intercompany transactions have been
 eliminated.

Year Ended

September 28, 2024

Net sales

6,531

Gross profit

1,621

Earnings from continuing operations

419

Net income (a) 

419

(a) Includes 36 million of
 income associated with intercompany activity with non-guarantor subsidiaries.

September 28, 2024

September 30, 2023

Assets

Current assets

1,775

1,975

Noncurrent assets

5,553

5,997

Liabilities

Current liabilities

2,081

1,363

Intercompany payable

1,115

754

Noncurrent liabilities

8,843

10,271

Critical Accounting Estimates

We disclose those accounting policies that we consider to be significant in determining the amounts to be utilized for communicating our consolidated financial position,
 results of operations and cash flows in the first note to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial
 statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with these principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the financial statements
 and accompanying notes. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

Pensions . The accounting for our pension plans requires us to recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of the pension plans on our balance sheet. We believe that the accounting estimates related to our pension plans are critical accounting
 estimates because they are highly susceptible to change from period to period based on the performance of plan assets, actuarial valuations, market conditions and contracted benefit changes. See Note 1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of
 Significant Accounting Policies and Note 7. Retirement Plans.

Deferred Taxes and Effective Tax Rates . We estimate the effective tax rate ETR and associated liabilities or assets for each of our legal entities in accordance with authoritative guidance. We utilize tax planning to minimize or defer tax liabilities to future periods. In recording ETRs and related liabilities and assets, we
 rely upon estimates, which are based upon our interpretation of U.S. and local tax laws as they apply to our legal entities and our overall tax structure. Audits by local tax jurisdictions, including the U.S. Government, could yield different
 interpretations from our own and cause the Company to owe more taxes than originally recorded. See Note 1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 6. Income Taxes.

14 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Interest Rate Risk

We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates primarily through our senior secured credit facilities and accounts receivable factoring programs. As of September 28, 2024, our senior secured credit facilities are comprised of (i) 1.5 billion term loans and (ii) a 1.0 billion revolving credit facility with no borrowings outstanding. Borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities bear interest at a rate equal to an
 applicable margin plus SOFR. The applicable margin for SOFR rate borrowings under the revolving credit facility ranges from 1.25 to 1.50 , and the margin for the term loans is 1.75 per annum. As of September 28, 2024, the SOFR rate of approximately 4.84 was applicable to the term loans. A change of 0.25 on these floating interest rate exposures would increase interest
 expense by approximately 2 million.

We seek to minimize interest rate volatility risk through regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial
 instruments. These financial instruments are not used for trading or other speculative purposes. See Note 4. Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements.

Foreign Currency Risk

As a global company, we face foreign currency risk exposure from fluctuating currency exchange rates, primarily the U.S. dollar against the euro, British pound sterling,
 Chinese renminbi, Canadian dollar and Mexican peso. Significant fluctuations in currency rates can have a substantial impact, either positive or negative, on our revenue, cost of sales, and operating expenses. Currency translation gains and losses are
 primarily related to non-U.S. subsidiaries with a functional currency other than U.S. dollars whereby assets and liabilities are translated from the respective functional currency into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates and impact our
 Comprehensive income. A 10 decline in foreign currency exchange rates would have had a 11 million unfavorable impact on fiscal 2024 Net
 income. See Note 4. Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements.

15 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Berry Global Group, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Berry Global Group, Inc. (the Company) as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the related consolidated statements of
 income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 28, 2024,
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023,
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 28, 2024, in conformity with
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial
 reporting as of September 28, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
 Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated November 26, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion
 thereon.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
 audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
 Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
 the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
 procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
 estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be
 communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit
 matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or
 disclosures to which it relates.

United Kingdom Defined Benefit Pension Obligation

Description of the Matter

At September 28, 2024 the aggregate United Kingdom (UK) defined benefit pension obligation was 543 million. As disclosed in Notes 1 and 7 to the consolidated
 financial statements, the obligation for these plans are actuarially determined and affected by assumptions, including discount rates and mortality rates.

Auditing the UK defined benefit pension obligation is complex and required the involvement of our actuarial specialists due to the highly judgmental nature of
 actuarial assumptions (e.g., discount rates and mortality rates) used in the measurement process. These assumptions have a significant effect on the projected benefit obligation.

16 

Table of Contents 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls that address the measurement and valuation of the UK defined
 benefit pension obligation. This included management s review of the UK defined benefit pension obligation calculations and the significant actuarial assumptions used by management.

To test the UK defined benefit pension obligation, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the methodology used and the significant
 actuarial assumptions described above. We involved our actuarial specialists to assist with our audit procedures. We compared the actuarial assumptions used by management to historical trends and assessed the individual impact that changes in
 the key assumptions (discount rate and mortality rate) at year end has on the total benefit pension obligation. As part of this evaluation, we compared management s selected discount rate to an independently developed range of reasonable
 discount rates. To evaluate the mortality rate assumption, we assessed whether the information is consistent with recent publicly available information and trends, and whether a consistent approach to developing the mortality assumption was
 applied.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1991.

November 26, 2024

17 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Berry Global Group, Inc.

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have audited Berry Global Group, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the
 COSO criteria). In our opinion, Berry Global Group, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2024, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the
 Company as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 28, 2024, and the related notes and our report dated November 26, 2024
 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
 over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a
 public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
 the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
 effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the
 design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
 preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of
 records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance
 regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
 to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Ernst Young LLP

Indianapolis, Indiana

November 26, 2024

18 

Table of Contents 

Berry Global Group, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Income

(in millions of dollars)

Fiscal years ended

September 28,

 2024

September 30,

 2023

October 1,

 2022

Net sales

Costs and expenses:

Cost of goods sold

Selling, general and administrative

Amortization of intangibles

Business consolidation and other activities

Operating income

Other expense

Interest expense

Income before income taxes

Income tax expense

Net income

Net income per share (see Note 11):

Basic

Diluted

Berry Global Group, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

(in millions of dollars)

Fiscal years ended

September 28,

 2024

September 30,

 2023

October 1,

 2022

Net income

Currency translation

Pension and postretirement benefits

Derivative instruments

Other comprehensive (loss) income

Comprehensive income

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

19 

Table of Contents 

Berry Global Group, Inc.

Consolidated Balance Sheets

(in millions of dollars)

September 28,

 2024

September 30,

 2023

Assets

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Accounts receivable

Inventories

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total current assets

Property, plant and equipment

Goodwill and intangible assets

Right-of-use assets

Other assets

Total assets

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accrued employee costs

Other current liabilities

Current portion of long-term debt

Total current liabilities

Long-term debt

Deferred income taxes

Employee benefit obligations

Operating lease liabilities

Other long-term liabilities

Total liabilities

Stockholders equity:

Common stock 
 and shares issued, respectively)

Additional paid-in capital

Retained earnings

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

Total stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

20 

Table of Contents 

Berry Global Group, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(in millions of dollars)

Fiscal years ended

September 28,

 2024

September 30,

 2023

October 1,

 2022

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net cash from operating activities:

Depreciation

Amortization of intangibles

Non-cash interest (income) expense

Share-based compensation expense

Deferred income tax

Other non-cash operating activities, net

Loss on divestitures

Settlement of derivatives

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Accounts receivable

Inventories

Prepaid expenses and other assets

Accounts payable and other liabilities

Net cash from operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Additions to property, plant and equipment, net

Acquisition of businesses

Divestiture of businesses

Settlement of net investment hedges

Net cash from investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds from long-term borrowings

Repayment of long-term borrowings

Proceeds from issuance of common stock

Repurchase of common stock

Dividends paid

Debt financing costs

Net cash from financing activities

Effect of currency translation on cash

Net change in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

21 

Table of Contents 

Berry Glob al Group, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity

(in millions of dollars)

Common Stock

Additional

 Paid-in Capital

Accumulated Other

 Comprehensive Loss

Retained

 Earnings

Total

Balance at October 2, 2021 

Net income

Other comprehensive loss

Share-based compensation

Proceeds from issuance of common stock

Common stock repurchased and retired

Balance at October 1, 2022 

Net income

Other comprehensive income

Share-based compensation

Proceeds from issuance of common stock

Common stock repurchased and retired

Dividends paid

Balance at September 30, 2023 

Net income

Other comprehensive income

Share-based compensation

Proceeds from issuance of common stock

Common stock repurchased and retired

Dividends paid

Balance at September 28, 2024 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

22 

Table of Contents 

Berry Global Group, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(in millions of dollars, except as otherwise noted)

The Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date the financial statements were issued.

million and million at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and is included in Other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company disaggregates revenue based on reportable business
 segment, geography, and significant product line. See Note 10. Segment and Geographic Data.

million and million at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The Company records current
 expected credit losses based on a variety of factors including historical loss experience and current customer financial condition. The changes to our current expected credit losses, write-off activity, and recoveries were not material for any of the
 periods presented.

million, million, and million in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

million, million, and million
 for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The share-based compensation plan is more fully described in Note 9. Stockholders Equity.

23 

Table of Contents 

Raw materials

to 
 for buildings and improvements, to 
 for machinery, equipment, and tooling, and over the term of the agreement for capital leases. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the useful life of the improvement or the lease term. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged
 to expense as incurred. Property, plant and equipment as of fiscal 2024 and 2023 was:

Equipment and construction in progress

Less accumulated depreciation

24 

Table of Contents 

Foreign currency translation adjustment

Acquisitions

Balance as of fiscal 2023

Foreign currency translation adjustment

Acquistions

Dispositions

Balance as of fiscal 2024

impairment existed in fiscal 2024.

million and 
 million as of fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023,
 respectively, of debt issuance and deferred financing costs on the balance sheet as a deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability, instead of a deferred charge.

Foreign currency translation adjustment

Amortization expense

Acquisitions

Balance as of fiscal 2023 

Foreign currency translation adjustment

Amortization expense

Acquisitions

Balance as of fiscal 2024 

to . Definite lived trademarks are being amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated life of the assets which are not more than . Other intangibles, which include technology and licenses, are being amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated life of the assets which range from to . The Company has trademarks that
 total million that are indefinite lived and we test annually for impairment on the first day of the fourth quarter. We completed the annual
 impairment test of our indefinite lived trade names utilizing the qualitative method in each year and noted impairment.

million, 
 million, million, million,
 and million each year for fiscal years ending 2025, 2026, 2027, 2028, and 2029, respectively.

25 

Table of Contents 

2026

2027

2028

2029

Thereafter

Total lease payments

Less: Interest

Present value of lease liabilities

26 

Table of Contents 

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Net amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

Balance as of fiscal 2022 

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Net amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

Balance as of fiscal 2023 

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Net amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

Balance as of fiscal 2024 

27 

Table of Contents 

million. The Company used existing liquidity to finance the acquisition, and the business is operated within the Consumer
 Packaging North America segment. The F S acquisition has been accounted for under the purchase method of accounting, and has not finalized the allocation of the purchase price to the fair value of the assets and liabilities assumed. The
 preliminary estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed consisted of working capital of million, property and equipment of
 million, intangible assets of 
 million, goodwill of million, and net other long-term liabilities of million. The Company has recognized goodwill on this transaction primarily as a result of expected cost synergies and does not expect goodwill to be deductible for tax purposes.

million and million, respectively.
 In fiscal 2023, the Promens Vehicles business recorded net sales of 
 million and Strata recorded million. 

Term loan

July 2026 

Revolving line of credit

June 2028 

First Priority
 Senior Secured Notes

February 2024 

First Priority
 Senior Secured Notes (a) 

January 2025 

First Priority
 Senior Secured Notes

January 2026 

First Priority
 Senior Secured Notes

July 2026 

First Priority
 Senior Secured Notes

January 2027 

First Priority
 Senior Secured Notes (a) 

January 2027 

First Priority
 Senior Secured Notes

April 2028 

First Priority
 Senior Secured Notes

June 2031 

First Priority
 Senior Secured Notes

January 2034 

Second Priority
 Senior Secured Notes

February 2026 

Second Priority
 Senior Secured Notes

July 2027 

Debt discounts and deferred fees

Finance leases and other

Various

Total long-term debt

Current portion of long-term debt

Long-term debt, less current portion

28 

Table of Contents 

million of its outstanding term loans to July 2029. In addition, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2034, and another million aggregate principal amount of First Priority Senior Secured Notes
 due 2031. The proceeds from the First Priority Notes were used to prepay the First Priority Senior Secured Notes due in February 2024 and a portion of the existing term loan due in July 2026. The proceeds from the First Priority Notes were used to repurchase a portion of the First
 Priority Senior Secured Notes due in July 2026 and to prepay a portion of the existing term loan due in July 2026

billion of term loans and a billion asset-based revolving line of credit. The
 availability under the revolving line of credit is the lesser of billion or based on a defined borrowing base which is calculated based on
 available accounts receivable and inventory. At the end of the fiscal year, the Company had unused borrowing capacity of million under the
 revolving line of credit.

2026

2027

2028

2029

Thereafter

million, million, and million in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

29 

Table of Contents 

million) and the pound
 sterling million) swap agreements mature in June
 2026. In addition to cross-currency swaps, we hedge a portion of our foreign currency risk by designating foreign currency denominated long-term debt as net investment hedges of certain foreign operations. As of September 28, 2024 , we had outstanding long-term debt of million that was designated as a hedge of our net investment in certain
 euro-denominated foreign subsidiaries. When valuing cross-currency swaps the Company utilizes Level 2 inputs (substantially observable). 

When valuing interest rate swaps the Company utilizes Level 2 inputs (substantially observable).

million. The offset is included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss and is being amortized to Interest expense through the term of the original swaps. Following the
 settlement, the Company entered into interest rate swaps with matching notional amounts with expiration in June 2029.

million interest rate swap transaction that swaps a 
 variable SOFR contract for a fixed annual rate of ,
 (ii) a million interest rate swap transaction that swaps a variable SOFR contract for a fixed annual rate of , (iii) a million interest rate swap transaction that swaps a 
 variable SOFR contract for a fixed annual rate of . The Company's interest rate swap transactions all expire in June 2029.

Cross-currency swaps

Designated

Other long-term liabilities

Interest rate swaps

Designated

Other assets

Interest rate swaps

Not designated

Other assets

Interest rate swaps

Designated

Other long-term liabilities

Interest rate swaps

Not designated

Other long-term liabilities

Interest rate swaps

Interest expense 

million in the next 12 months. The Company s financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, long-term debt, interest rate swap agreements, cross-currency swap
 agreements and capital lease obligations. The book value of our long-term indebtedness exceeded fair value by million as of fiscal 2024 and by million as of fiscal 2023. The Company s long-term debt fair values were determined using Level 2 inputs as other significant observable inputs were not available.

30 

Table of Contents 

Goodwill

Definite lived intangible assets

Property, plant and equipment

Total

Goodwill

Definite lived intangible assets

Property, plant and equipment

Total

employees, and approximately of those
 employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. The majority of these agreements are due for renegotiation annually.

Current operating lease liabilities

Other current liabilities 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities

Operating lease liability 

Finance leases:

Finance lease right-of-use assets

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Current finance lease liabilities

Current portion of long-term debt 

Noncurrent finance lease liabilities

Long-term debt, less current portion 

Finance leases

Operating cash flows

Interest expense

Finance leases

Financing cash flows

Finance leases

Amortization of right-of-use assets

years

years

Weighted-average remaining lease term - finance leases

years

years

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases

Weighted-average discount rate - finance leases

million for fiscal 2024.

31 

Table of Contents 

State

Non-U.S.

Total current

Deferred:

U.S.

Federal

State

Non-U.S.

Total deferred

Expense for income taxes

million, million, and 
 million for fiscal 2024, 2023,
 and 2022, respectively. Non-U.S. income from continuing operations before income taxes was million, million, and million for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The Company paid cash taxes of million, million, and million in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

Adjustments to reconcile to the income tax provision:

U.S. state income tax expense

Federal and state credits

Share-based compensation

Tax law changes

Withholding taxes

Changes in foreign valuation allowance

Foreign income taxed in the U.S.

Rate differences between U.S. and foreign

Uncertain tax positions, net

Other

Expense for income taxes

32 

Table of Contents 

Inventories

Net operating loss carryforward

Interest expense carryforward

Derivatives

Lease liability

Research and development credit carryforward

Federal and state tax credits

Capitalization research and development expenditures

Other

Total deferred tax assets

Valuation allowance

Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance

Deferred tax liabilities:

Property, plant and equipment

Intangible assets

Derivatives

Leased asset

Other

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax liability

million of net deferred tax assets recorded in
 Other assets, and million of net deferred tax liabilities recorded in Deferred income taxes on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

million and 
 million as of the fiscal years ended 2024 and 2023,
 respectively, related to the foreign and U.S. federal and state operations.

Gross increases tax positions in prior periods

Gross decreases tax positions in prior periods

Gross increases current period tax positions

Gross increases from acquisition

Settlements

Lapse of statute of limitations

Ending unrecognized tax benefits

million and we had million accrued for payment of interest and penalties related to our uncertain tax positions. Our penalties and interest related to uncertain tax positions are included in income tax expense.

33 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

million,
 of Mainland Europe s total underfunded status relates to non-contributory pension plans within our German operations. There is no external funding for these plans although they are secured by insolvency insurance required under German law. In
 general, the plans provide a fixed retirement benefit not related to salaries and are closed to new entrants.

Service cost

Interest cost

Currency

Actuarial loss (gain)

Benefit settlements

Benefits paid

End of period

Currency

Return on assets

Contributions

Benefit settlements

Benefits paid

End of period

Underfunded status

million of net unrealized losses recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company expects less than million to be realized in fiscal 2025.

34 

Table of Contents 

Discount rate for net benefit cost

Expected return on plan assets for net benefit costs

Discount rate for net benefit cost

Expected return on plan assets for net benefit costs

U.S. large cap comingled equity funds

U.S. mid cap equity mutual funds

U.S. small cap equity Corporate bond mutual funds

International equity mutual funds

Real estate equity investment funds

Corporate bonds

International fixed income funds

International insurance policies

Total

U.S. large cap comingled equity funds

U.S. mid cap equity mutual funds

U.S. small cap equity Corporate bond mutual funds

International equity mutual funds

Real estate equity investment funds

Corporate bonds

International fixed income funds

International insurance policies

Total

35 

Table of Contents 

2026

2027

2028

2029

2030-2034

Interest cost

Amortization of net actuarial loss

Expected return on plan assets

Net periodic benefit expense (income)

Debt securities and debt-like

International insurance policies

Other

Total

million of the Company s stock at the end of fiscal 2024. The Company re-addresses the allocation of its investments on a regular basis.

segments as part a
 2023 cost savings initiative plan. The Company currently expects total business consolidation cash and non-cash expense to be approximately million, with the operations savings intended to counter general economic softness. The initiatives are expected to be fully implemented by the end of fiscal 2025. During

fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 the Company did t shut down any facilities with significant net sales.

Consumer Packaging North America

Flexibles

Health, Hygiene Specialties

Total

36 

Table of Contents 

Charges

Non-cash items

Cash

Balance as of fiscal 2023 

Charges

Non-cash items

Cash

Balance as of fiscal 2024 

million. 

million shares for million, at an
 average price of . During fiscal 2023,
 the Company repurchased approximately million shares for million, at an average price of . During fiscal 2022, the Company repurchased approximately 
 million shares for million, at an average price of .

par value per share. The Company allocates the excess purchase price over par value between additional paid-in capital and retained earnings. As of fiscal 2024, authorized repurchases of
 million remain available to the Company.

million shares, an increase of million shares from the previous authorizati on. The intrinsic value of options exercised in fiscal 2024 was million.

Options granted

Options exercised

Options forfeited or cancelled

Options outstanding, end of period

Option price range at end of period

- 

- 

Options exercisable at end of period

Weighted average fair value of options granted during period

37 

Table of Contents 

from the date of grant and have a vesting term of either four or , depending on the grant date, and an expiration term of years from the date of grant. The fair value for options granted has been estimated at
 the date of grant using a Black-Scholes model using the following key assumptions:

Dividend yield

Volatility factor

years

years

. Compensation cost is recorded based upon the fair value of the shares at the grant date.

Awards granted

Awards vested

Awards forfeited or cancelled

Awards outstanding, end of period

million and million as of September 28, 2024
 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 

38 

Table of Contents 

reporting segments:
 Consumer Packaging International, Consumer Packaging North America, Flexibles, and Health, Hygiene Specialties. The structure is designed to align us with our customers, provide improved service, and drive future growth in a cost efficient
 manner.

Consumer Packaging North America

Flexibles

Health, Hygiene Specialties

Total

Operating income

Consumer Packaging International

Consumer Packaging North America

Flexibles

Health, Hygiene Specialties

Total

Depreciation and amortization

Consumer Packaging International

Consumer Packaging North America

Flexibles

Health, Hygiene Specialties

Total

Consumer Packaging North America

Flexibles

Health, Hygiene Specialties

Total assets

Europe

Rest of world

Total net sales

Europe

Rest of world

Total long-lived assets

39 

Table of Contents 

Non-packaging

Consumer Packaging International

Containers Food Service

Closures, Bottles Specialties

Consumer Packaging North America

Core Films

Retail Industrial

Flexibles

Health

Hygiene

Specialties

Health, Hygiene Specialties

Denominator

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic

Dilutive shares

Weighted average common and common equivalent shares outstanding - diluted

Per common share earnings

Basic

Diluted

million, million and million shares were excluded from the fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022
 diluted EPS calculation, respectively, as their effect would be anti-dilutive.

40 

Table of Contents 

million, which will be subject to a number of closing adjustments. The Tapes business is currently operated within the Flexibles segment, and had annual
 revenues of million in fiscal 2024 and 
 million in fiscal 2023. The transaction is expected to be completed by early 2025, subject to customary closing conditions. The Company anticipates a book gain will be recorded at the time of disposition, but is not calculable until the closing
 adjustments have been finalized.

fully paid and nonassessable Amcor ordinary shares (and, if applicable, cash in lieu of fractional shares), less any applicable withholding taxes.

million in specified circumstances, including if Amcor terminates the Merger Agreement to enter into a superior proposal or if the Company terminates the Merger Agreement following a change of recommendation by Amcor s Board of Directors, in each case,
 subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement. The Company will be required to pay Amcor a termination fee equal to million in
 specified circumstances, including if the Company terminates the Merger Agreement to enter into a superior proposal or if Amcor terminates the Merger Agreement following a change of recommendation by the Company s Board of Directors, in each case,
 subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement.

per share. The first fiscal quarter payment will be paid on to shareholders of record as of .

41 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None.

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to
 be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
 management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

In connection with the preparation of this Form 10-K, management evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 28, 2024. Based on this
 evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 28, 2024.

Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision and with the participation of our
 management, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this
 evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of September 28, 2024.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2024, has been audited by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which
 is included herein.

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 28, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
 materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans

No officers or directors, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), ,
 modified and/or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or a "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as defined in Regulation S-K Item
 408, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024.

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None.

42 

Table of Contents 

PART III

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Except as set forth below, the information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

We have a Global Code of Business Ethics that applies to all directors and employees, including our Chief Executive Officer and senior financial officers. We also have
 adopted a Supplemental Code of Ethics, which is in addition to the standards set by our Global Code of Business Ethics, in order to establish a higher level of expectation for the most senior leaders of the Company. Our Global Code of Business Ethics
 and Supplemental Code of Ethics can be obtained, free of charge, by contacting our corporate headquarters or can be obtained from the Corporate Governance section of the Investors page on the Company s internet site. In the event that we make changes
 in, or provide waivers from, the provision of the Code of Business Ethics that the SEC requires us to disclose, we will disclose these events in the corporate governance section of our website within four business days following the date of such
 amendment or waiver.

We have also adopted an insider trading policy that governs the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of the Company s securities by directors, officers, and colleagues
 that we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and listing standards applicable to the Company. A copy of the Company s insider trading policy has been filed as Exhibit 19 to this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K.

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by this Item, is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

43 

Table of Contents 

PART IV

Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

1. 

Financial Statements 

The financial statements listed under Item 8 are filed as part of this report.

2. 

Financial Statement Schedules 

Schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information has been disclosed in the financial statements or notes
 thereto.

3. 

Exhibits 

The exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page of this annual report are filed as part of this report.

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None.

Exhibit No

Description of Exhibit

2.1 

Rule 2.7 Announcement, dated as of March 8, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March
 14, 2019).

2.2 

Co-Operation Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2019, by and among Berry Global Group, Inc., Berry Global International Holdings Limited and RPC Group
 Plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2019).

2.3 

RMT Transaction Agreement, dated February 6, 2024, by and among Berry Global Group, Inc., Treasure Holdco, Inc., Glatfelter Corporation, Treasure
 Merger Sub I, Inc. and Treasure Merger Sub II, LLC . (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on February 12, 2024).

2.4 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 19, 2024, by and among Berry Global Group, Inc., Amcor plc and Aurora Spirit, Inc. (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on November 19, 2024).

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Berry Global Group, Inc., as amended through February 14, 2024 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2024).

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Berry Global Group, Inc., as amended and restated effective as of February 14, 2024 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 15, 2024).

4.1 

Form of common stock certificate of Berry Plastics Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.27 of Amendment No. 5 to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 19, 2012).

4.2 

Indenture, by and between Berry Global Escrow Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National
 Association), as Trustee and Collateral Agent, relating to the 4.875 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026, dated June 5, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2019).

4.2A 

Supplemental Indenture, among Berry Global Group, Inc., Berry Global, Inc., Berry Global Escrow Corporation, each of the parties identified as a
 Subsidiary Guarantor thereon, and U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association), as Trustee, relating to the 4.875 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026, dated July 1, 2019 (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2019).

44 

Table of Contents 

4.3 

Indenture, by and between Berry Global Escrow Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National
 Association), as Trustee and Collateral Agent, relating to the 5.625 Second Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2027, dated June 5, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 6,
 2019).

4.3A 

Supplemental Indenture, among Berry Global Group, Inc., Berry Global, Inc., Berry Global Escrow Corporation, each of the parties identified as a
 Subsidiary Guarantor thereon, and U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association), as Trustee, relating to the 5.625 Second Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2027, dated July 1, 2019 (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2019).

4.4 

Indenture, among Berry Global, Inc., certain guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank
 National Association), as Trustee and Collateral Agent, and Elavon Financial Services DAC, as Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar, relating to the 1.00 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2025 and 1.50 First Priority Senior Secured
 Notes due 2027, dated January 2, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 2, 2020).

4.5 

Indenture among Berry Global, Inc., certain guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National
 Association), as Trustee and Collateral Agent, relating to the 1.57 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026, dated December 22, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December
 23, 2020).

4.5A 

First Supplemental Indenture, among Berry Global, Inc., certain guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association (as successor
 to U.S. Bank National Association), as Trustee and Collateral Agent, relating to the 1.57 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026, dated March 4, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on March 4, 2021).

4.6 

Indenture, among Berry Global, Inc., certain guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank
 National Association), as Trustee and Collateral Agent, relating to the 1.65 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2027, dated June 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June
 14, 2021).

4.7 

Indenture, among Berry Global, Inc., certain guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee and Collateral Agent,
 relating to the 5.50 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2028, dated March 30, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2023).

4.8 

Indenture, dated January 17, 2024, among Berry Global, Inc., certain guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as
 Trustee and Collateral Agent, relating to the 5.650 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2034, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 17, 2024).

4.9 

Indenture, dated May 28, 2024, among Berry Global, Inc., certain guarantors party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee
 and Collateral Agent, relating to the 5.800 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2031, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 28, 2024).

4.10 

Registration Rights Agreement, by and between Berry Global, Inc., Berry Global Group, Inc., each subsidiary of Berry Global, Inc. identified therein,
 and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, on behalf of themselves and as representatives of the initial purchasers, relating to the 1.57 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2020).

4.11 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 4, 2021, by and between Berry Global, Inc., Berry Global Group, Inc., each subsidiary of Berry Global, Inc.
 identified therein, and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, on behalf of themselves and as representatives of the initial purchasers, relating to the 1.57 First Priority Senior Secured
 Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 5, 2021).

45 

Table of Contents 

4.12 

Registration Rights Agreement, by and between Berry Global, Inc., Berry Global Group, Inc., each subsidiary of Berry Global, Inc. identified therein,
 and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, on behalf of themselves and as representatives of the initial purchasers, relating to the 1.65 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2027
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2021).

4.13 

Registration Rights Agreement, by and between Berry Global, Inc., Berry Global Group, Inc., each subsidiary of Berry Global, Inc. identified therein,
 and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, on behalf of themselves and as representatives of the initial purchasers, relating to the 5.50 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2028
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 30, 2023).

4.14 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 17, 2024, by and between Berry Global, Inc., Berry Global Group, Inc., each subsidiary of Berry Global,
 Inc. identified therein, and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, on behalf of themselves and as representatives of the initial purchasers, relating to the 5.650 First Priority Senior
 Secured Notes due 2034 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 17, 2024).

4.15 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 28, 2024, by and between Berry Global, Inc., Berry Global Group, Inc., each subsidiary of Berry Global, Inc.
 identified therein, and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, on behalf of themselves and as representatives of the initial purchasers, relating to the 5.800 First Priority Senior Secured
 Notes due 2031 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 28, 2024).

4.16 

Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 11, 2019).

10.1 

1,000,000,000 Fourth Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2023, by and among Berry Global, Inc., Berry Global Group,
 Inc., Berry Plastics Canada Inc., RPC Group Limited, the lenders party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as collateral agent and administrative agent, and the financial institutions party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2023).

10.2 

U.S. 1,200,000,000 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2007, by and among Berry Plastics Corporation formerly known as
 Berry Plastics Holding Corporation, Berry Plastics Group, Inc., Credit Suisse, Cayman Islands Branch, as collateral and administrative agent, the lenders party thereto from time to time, and the other financial institutions party thereto
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1(b) to Berry Plastics Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 10, 2007).

10.3 

Second Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2008, by and among Berry Plastics Group, Inc., Berry Plastics
 Corporation, certain subsidiaries identified as parties thereto, Bank of America, N.A. and Credit Suisse, Cayman Islands Branch as first lien agents, and U.S. Bank Trust Company National Association, as successor in interest to Wells Fargo
 Bank, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 23, 2015).

10.4 

U.S. 1,147,500,000 and 814,375,000 Incremental Assumption Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2017 by and among Berry Plastics Group, Inc., Berry
 Plastics Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries referenced therein, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent for the lenders under the term loan credit agreement referenced therein, Citibank, N.A., as initial Term K
 lender and Citibank, N.A., as incremental term L lender therein. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 21, 2017).

10.5 

U.S. 1,644,750,000 and 498,750,000 Incremental Assumption Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2017, by and among Berry Plastics Group, Inc., Berry
 Plastics Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries referenced therein, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent for the lenders under the term loan credit agreement referenced therein, Wells Fargo Bank, National
 Association, as initial Term M lender and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as initial Term N lender therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 21, 2017).

10.6 

U.S. 900,000,000 and 814,375,000 Incremental Assumption Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2017, by and among Berry Global Group, Inc., Berry
 Global, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries referenced therein, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent for the lenders under the term loan credit agreement referenced therein, Citibank, N.A., as initial Term O Lender,
 and Citibank, N.A., as initial Term P Lender therein. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 7, 2018).

46 

Table of Contents 

10.7 

U.S. 1,644,750,000 and 496,250,000 Incremental Assumption Agreement and Amendment, dated as of February 12, 2018, by and among Berry Global Group,
 Inc., Berry Global, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries referenced therein, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent for the lenders under the term loan credit agreement referenced therein, Citibank, N.A., as initial
 Term Q lender, and Citibank, N.A., as initial Term R lender therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 3, 2018).

10.8 

U.S. 800,000,000 and 814,375,000 Incremental Assumption Agreement, dated as of May 16, 2018, by and among Berry Global Group, Inc., Berry Global,
 Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries referenced therein, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent for the lenders under the term loan credit agreement referenced therein, Citibank, N.A., as initial Term S lender, and
 Citibank, N.A., as initial Term T lender therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 3, 2018).

10.9 

Cooperation Agreement, dated November 22, 2022, by and among Berry Global Group, Inc., Ancora Catalyst Institutional, LP, Eminence Capital, L.P. and
 the other persons and entities listed thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 23, 2022).

10.10 

Amended and Restated Cooperation Agreement, dated October 18, 2023, by and among Berry Global Group,
 Inc., Ancora Catalyst Institutional, LP, Eminence Capital, L.P. and the other persons and entities listed thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 20, 2023) . 

10.11 

Amendment and Waiver to Equipment Lease Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2011, between Chicopee, Inc., as Lessee and Gossamer
 Holdings, LLC, as Lessor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to AVINTIV Specialty Materials Inc. s Registration Statement Form S-4 filed on October 25, 2011).

10.12 

Second Amendment to Equipment Lease Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2011, between Chicopee, Inc., as Lessee and Gossamer
 Holdings, LLC, as Lessor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to AVINTIV Specialty Materials Inc. s Registration Statement Form S-4 filed on October 25, 2011).

10.13 

Third Amendment to Equipment Lease Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2012, between Chicopee, Inc., as Lessee and Gossamer
 Holdings, LLC, as Lessor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AVINTIV Specialty Materials Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2012).

10.14 

Fourth Amendment to Equipment Lease Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2013, between Chicopee, Inc., as Lessee and Gossamer
 Holdings, LLC, as Lessor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AVINTIV Specialty Materials Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2013).

10.15 

Berry Plastics Group, Inc. Executive Bonus Plan, amended and restated December 22, 2015, effective as of September 27, 2015
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2015).

10.16 

Berry Plastics Group, Inc. 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company s Annual
 Report on Form 10-K filed on December 17, 2012).

10.17 

Amendment No. 1 to the Berry Plastics Group, Inc., 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to
 the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on December 11, 2013).

10.18 

Omnibus amendment to awards granted under the Berry Plastics Group, Inc., 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on December 11, 2013).

10.19 

Amendment No. 2 to the Berry Plastics Group, Inc. 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2015).

10.20 

Form of 2016 Omnibus Amendment to Awards Granted Under the Berry Plastics Group, Inc. 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 22, 2016).

10.21 

2015 Berry Plastics Group, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2015).

10.22 

First Amendment to 2015 Berry Plastics Group, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2018).

10.23 

Form of 2016 Omnibus Amendment to Awards Granted Under the Berry Plastics Group, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 22, 2016).

47 

Table of Contents 

10.24 

Fourth Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, by and among Berry Plastics Group, Inc., and the stockholders of the Corporation listed on
 schedule A thereto, dated as of January 15, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 30, 2015).

10.25 

Employment Agreement, dated January 1, 2002, between the Berry Plastics Corporation and Curtis Begle (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 31, 2014).

10.26 

Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2006, by and between the Berry Plastics Corporation and Curtis Begle (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 31, 2014).

10.27 

Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement, dated December 31, 2008, by and between the Berry Plastics Corporation and Curtis Begle (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 31, 2014).

10.28 

Amendment No. 3 to Employment Agreement, dated August 1, 2010, by and between the Berry Plastics Corporation and Curtis L. Begle (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 31, 2014).

10.29 

Amendment No. 4 to Employment Agreement, dated December 16, 2011, by and between the Berry Plastics Corporation and Curtis L. Begle (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 31, 2014).

10.30 

Employment Agreement, dated February 28, 1998, between Berry Plastics Corporation and Mark Miles, together with amendments dated February 28, 2003,
 September 13, 2006, December 31, 2008, and December 31, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 30, 2016).

10.31 

Form of Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between Berry Plastics Corporation and each of Curtis L Begle, Mark W. Miles, and Thomas E. Salmon
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 22, 2016).

10.32 

Senior Executive Employment Contract dated as of September 30, 2015 by and between PGI Specialty Materials Inc. and Jean Marc Galvez, together with
 the International Assignment Letter dated December 18, 2016 from Berry Global, Inc. (f/k/a Berry Plastics Corporation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 7, 2018).

10.33 

Employment Agreement, dated December 16, 2010, between Berry Plastics Corporation and Jason Greene, together with amendments dated December 31, 2011
 and July 20, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on November 23, 2020).

10.34 

Amended and Restated Berry Global Group, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan, effective February 24, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2021).

10.35 

Form of Employee Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on November 30, 2020).

10.36 

Form of Employee Performance-Based Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on November 30, 2020).

10.37 

Form of Director Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on November 30, 2020).

10.38 

Employment Agreement, dated August 11, 2023, among Kevin Kwilinski, Berry Global Group, Inc., and Berry Global, Inc. (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2023).

10.39 

Memorandum of Understanding, dated August 11, 2023, among Thomas E. Salmon, Berry Global Group, Inc., and Berry Global, Inc. (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2023).

10.40 

Berry Global Group, Inc. 2022 Dividend Equivalent Rights Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form
 10-Q filed on February 2, 2023).

10.41 

Form of Notice of Dividend Equivalent Rights Award under the Berry Global Group, Inc. 2022 Dividend Equivalent Rights Plan (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 2, 2023).

10.43 

Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated February 6, 2024, by and among Berry Global Group, Inc., Treasure Holdco, Inc. and Glatfelter Corporation
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on February 12, 2024).

48 

Table of Contents 

10.44 

Tax Matters Agreement, dated February 6, 2024, by and among Berry Global Group, Inc., Treasure Holdco, Inc. and Glatfelter Corporation (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on February 12, 2024).

10.45 

Employee Matters Agreement, dated February 6, 2024, by and among Berry Global Group, Inc., Treasure Holdco, Inc. and Glatfelter Corporation
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on February 12, 2024).

10.46 

First Amendment to the Employee Matters Agreement, dated July 8, 2024, by and among Berry Global Group, Inc., Treasure Holdco, Inc. and Glatfelter
 Corporation.

10.47 

Second Amendment to the Employee Matters Agreement, dated September 25, 2024, by and among Berry Global Group, Inc., Treasure Holdco, Inc. and
 Glatfelter Corporation.

10.48 

Third Amendment to the Employee Matters Agreement, dated October 24, 2024, by and among Berry Global Group, Inc., Treasure Holdco, Inc. and Glatfelter
 Corporation.

10.49 

Fourth Amendment to the Employee Matters Agreement, dated November 1, 2024, by and among Berry Global Group, Inc., Treasure Holdco, Inc. and
 Glatfelter Corporation.

19 

Insider Trading Policies and Procedures.

21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

22.1 

List of Subsidiary Guarantors .

23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer.

31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer.

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer.

32.2 

Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer.

97.1 

Berry Global Group, Inc. Amended and Restated Compensation Recovery Policy.

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.

104

Cover Page Interactive Date File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

Filed or furnished herewith, as applicable.

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

49 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
 undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 26th day of November, 2024.

BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC.

By

/s/ Kevin Kwilinski

Kevin Kwilinski

Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
 and on the dates indicated:

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ Stephen E. Sterrett

Chairman of the Board and Director

November 26, 2024

Stephen E. Sterrett

/s/ Kevin Kwilinski

Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)

November 26, 2024

Kevin Kwilinski

/s/ Mark W. Miles

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

November 26, 2024

Mark W. Miles

/s/ B. Evan Bayh

Director

November 26, 2024

B. Evan Bayh

/s/ Jonathan F. Foster

Director

November 26, 2024

Jonathan F. Foster

/s/ James T. Glerum, Jr.

Director

November 26, 2024

James T. Glerum, Jr.

/s/ Meredith R. Harper

Director

November 26, 2024

Meredith R. Harper

/s/ Idalene F. Kesner

Director

November 26, 2024

Idalene F. Kesner

/s/ Jill A. Rahman

Director

November 26, 2024

Jill A. Rahman

/s/ Chaney M. Sheffield, Jr.

Director

November 26, 2024

Chaney M. Sheffield Jr.

/s/ Robert A. Steele

Director

November 26, 2024

Robert A. Steele

/s/ Peter T. Thomas

Director

November 26, 2024

Peter T. Thomas

50 

<EX-10.46>
 2
 ef20034627_ex10-46.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.46 FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.46

Execution Version 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO

 EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT

This FIRST AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT (this Amendment is made on this 8th day of July, 2024, by and among BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation Remainco ),
 TREASURE HOLDCO, INC., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned indirect Subsidiary of Remainco Spinco ), and GLATFELTER CORPORATION, a Pennsylvania corporation RMT Partner ).

RECITALS

WHEREAS , on February 6, 2024, Remainco, Spinco, and RMT Partner entered into that certain
 Employee Matters Agreement (the EMA 

WHEREAS , Section 8.2(b) and Section 8.2(c) of the EMA currently provide that, upon or
 following the Closing, Spinco Employees, other than certain Spinco Employees identified on Exhibit A thereto, with (i) outstanding Remainco Option Awards will receive a RMT Partner Option Award denominated in RMT Partner Common Stock as a
 replacement for the Remainco Option Awards and (ii) unvested Remainco DER Awards will receive a RMT Partner DER Award denominated in RMT Partner Common Stock as a replacement for the Remainco DER Awards; 

WHEREAS , Remainco, Spinco and RMT Partner desire to amend the EMA to provide that any unvested
 Remainco Option Awards and any unvested Remainco DER Awards held by Spinco Employees will be cancelled and replaced with RMT Partner RSU Awards; 

WHEREAS , Remainco, Spinco and RMT Partner desire to amend the EMA to provide that each
 outstanding vested Remainco Option Award held by Spinco Employees as of the Closing will continue to be denominated in Remainco Common Stock and, upon the Closing, shall be treated as if the Spinco Employee terminated employment with the Remainco
 Group due to Retirement, as defined in the Remainco Option Awards; 

WHEREAS , Remainco, Spinco and RMT Partner desire to amend the EMA to update Exhibit A 
 to the EMA; and 

WHEREAS , amendment of the EMA is permitted pursuant to Section 13.7 thereof with the written
 consent of each of Remainco, Spinco and RMT Partner. 

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements, provisions and
 covenants contained in this Amendment, the Parties, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 

1. The definition of Remainco DER Award in Section 1.1 of the EMA is hereby deleted in its entirety, and inserted in lieu thereof is the following:

Remainco DER Award means a unit representing a general unsecured promise by Remainco to deliver a cash payment, upon satisfaction of a vesting requirement with respect to
 a Remainco Option Award and/or a Remainco RSU Award. 

2. The definition of RMT Partner DER Award in Section 1.1 of the EMA is hereby deleted in its entirety and all references to RMT Partner DER Award in the EMA are hereby removed.

3. Section 8.2(b) of the EMA is hereby deleted in its entirety, and inserted in lieu thereof is the following:

(b) Remainco Stock Option Awards Held By Spinco Employees as of Signing .

(i) Vested Options . Upon or following the Closing, each vested Remainco Option Award, or vested portion of a Remainco Option
 Award, as applicable, held by a Spinco Employee that was granted prior to the date of this Agreement and is outstanding as of the Closing shall remain outstanding and shall not be converted or exchanged for RMT Partner Option Awards or any other form
 of RMT Partner Equity Compensation and shall be treated as if the Spinco Employee terminated employment with the Remainco Group due to retirement (as defined in the applicable Remainco Option Award agreement). Each vested Remainco Option Award, or
 vested portion of a Remainco Option Award, as applicable, shall otherwise be subject to the same terms and conditions as the terms and conditions applicable to the Remainco Option Award immediately prior to the Closing.

(ii) Unvested Options . Upon or following the Closing, each unvested Remainco Option Award, or unvested portion of a Remainco Option
 Award, as applicable, held by a Spinco Employee, other than certain Spinco employees identified on Exhibit A to this Agreement, that was granted prior to the date of this Agreement and is outstanding as of the Closing shall be cancelled and
 RMT Partner shall issue to each such Spinco Employee a RMT Partner RSU Award. The number of shares of RMT Partner Common Stock to which such RMT Partner RSU Award relates shall be equal to the quotient, rounded up to the nearest whole number of
 shares, obtained by dividing (1) the economic value of the unvested Remainco Option Awards, determined using a stock option pricing model which takes into account the unvested Remainco DER Awards relating to such unvested Remainco Option Awards,
 immediately prior to the Closing by (2) the value of a share of RMT Partner Common Stock on the Closing Date. In all events the issuance of the RMT Partner RSU Award shall provide the same economic benefit to
 such Spinco Employee as the economic benefit that would have been provided under each unvested Remainco Option Award held by the Spinco Employee immediately before Closing. Any RMT Partner RSU Award issued in accordance with this Section shall be
 subject to the same vesting schedule that applied to the cancelled Remainco Option Award and shall be credited with vesting service accumulated under such Remainco Option Award for purposes of calculating vesting on the RMT Partner RSU Award. 

2 

4. Section 8.2(c) of the EMA is hereby deleted in its entirety, and inserted in lieu thereof is the following:

(c) Remainco DER Awards Held By Spinco Employees as of Signing . Upon or following
 the Closing, each unvested Remainco DER Award, or unvested portion of a Remainco DER Award, as applicable, held by a Spinco Employee, other than an unvested Remainco DER Award held by Spinco Employees identified on Exhibit A to this
 Agreement, that was granted prior to the date hereof and is outstanding as of the Closing shall be cancelled as of the Closing. Each unvested Remainco DER Award, or unvested portion of a Remainco DER Award, as applicable, relating to an unvested
 Remainco RSU Award shall be replaced with a RMT Partner RSU Award granted to the Spinco Employee by RMT Partner immediately following the Closing. The number of shares of RMT Partner Common Stock to which such RMT Partner RSU Award relates shall be
 equal to the quotient, rounded up to the nearest whole number of shares, obtained by dividing (1) the cash value of the unvested Remainco DER Award, immediately prior to Closing by (2) the value of a share of
 RMT Partner Common Stock on the Closing Date, and the RMT Partner RSU Award shall otherwise be subject to the same terms and conditions as the terms and conditions applicable to the corresponding unvested Remainco DER Award immediately prior to the
 Closing. Remainco shall pay to any applicable Spinco Employee any unpaid but vested portion of any Remainco DER Award in cash at Closing and shall be responsible for ensuring the satisfaction of all applicable Tax payment and withholding requirements
 in respect thereof, including all associated payroll and employment Taxes, and for ensuring the collection and remittance of applicable Taxes to the applicable Governmental Entity . 

5. Exhibit A to the EMA is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with Exhibit A in the form attached to this Amendment.

6. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the EMA.

7. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each such counterpart being deemed to be an original instrument, and all such counterparts shall together constitute the same
 agreement. A signed copy of this Amendment delivered by facsimile, email or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Amendment.

8. Including as amended hereby, the EMA remains in full force and effect, is valid and binding on, and otherwise ratified by, the parties.

9. This Amendment, and the application or interpretation hereof, shall be governed exclusively by its terms and the Laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflict of laws
 principles thereof (or any other jurisdiction) to the extent that such principles would direct a matter to another jurisdiction.

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Remainco, Spinco, and RMT Partner have caused this First Amendment to
 Employee Matters Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC.

By

Name:

Title:

TREASURE HOLDCO, INC.

By

Name:

Title:

GLATFELTER CORPORATION

By

Name:

Title:

[ Signature Page to First Amendment to Employee Matters Agreement ]

Exhibit A 

Last Name

First Name

Last Name

First Name

CUI

YAN

GARRISON

GUY

BEGLE

CURTIS

BOGGS

KENNETH

SCHALK

ACHIM

GUNN

CHRISTOPHER

HARMON

PAUL

WADE

REGINA

YORK

TRACEY

DIJKSTERHUIS

EELCO

DYER

JOSEPH

CHIRICO

WILLIAM

MONSIVAIS

MARIA DE JESUS

GIORDANO

ERNEST

ESCHENBACHER

FRANK

COFFEY

SUSAN

GARDINER

JOHN

WAGONER

DAVID

WOLSTENHOLME

MICHAEL

ELSNER

PAOLA

MCNULTY

THOMAS

BURGESS

STEVEN

BUZZARD

MARK

LANDRETH

MARK

MOREEL

LAURENT

CRISTANTE

FRANK

FORSELL

MICHELE

HARDEE

DIANNA

CABE

MICHAEL

BATTEN

MELANIE

GRIFFON

DENIS

GREGORY

CHARLES

HENDERSON

RONALD

ECKERT

JOSEPH

WORMALD

PAUL

MERRILL

JAMES

LOPEZ

FRANCISCO

OROPEZA

PAMELA

ROELOFS

MARGO

WARD

STEVE

SIMON

STEPHANE

BURGER

DAVID

BARRICIELLO

VINCENZO

TEEGARDEN

LYNN

BENDER

LISA

BALTZINGER

GERARD

LOVEDAY

JACK

ELLIS

DIANNE

WEEKS

LISA

CLARK

CAROLYN

MICHALAK

ROBERT

MCVEY

ELIZABETH

LIN

LINDA

KUNDOVIC

HELMUT

BENZ

WILLIAM

THOMAS

PAMELA

MANN

GREGORY

BISHOP

NYLE

PARKS

DAVID

PHILLIPS

JACOB

HUNT

PAUL

TAFOYA

LUIS

VALENTI

ROBERT

CUNLIFFE

MATTHEW

FLAUGHER

JAMES

MARTIN

LYNN

GILBERT

WILLIE

HENDERSON

ERIC

WEILMINSTER

ROBERT

TINDALL

RUSSELL

WANG

LEI

GUENTHER

CHRISTIAN

GUERRERO

DANIEL

GOLDTHORPE

LISE

WANG

JACK

MANSOURI

BIJAN

YOUNG

LINDA

YORGANSON

GLENDA

MAYO

JERRY

STREET

JOHN

CHESSER

KEITH

OGBOMO

CLEMENT

TILL

JAMES

MANROA

TARUN

[Exhibit A to Employee Matters Agreement ]

</EX-10.46>

<EX-10.47>
 3
 ef20034627_ex10-47.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.47 SECOND AMENDMENT TO THE EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.47

Execution Version 

SECOND AMENDMENT TO

 EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT

This SECOND AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT (this Amendment is made on this 25 th day of September, 2024, by and among BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation Remainco ),

TREASURE HOLDCO, INC., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned indirect Subsidiary of Remainco Spinco ), and GLATFELTER CORPORATION, a Pennsylvania corporation RMT Partner ).

RECITALS

WHEREAS , Remainco, Spinco, and RMT Partner are parties to that certain Employee Matters
 Agreement dated February 6, 2024, as amended July 8, 2024 (as amended, the EMA 

WHEREAS , Remainco, Spinco and RMT Partner desire to amend the EMA to update Exhibit A 
 to the EMA; and 

WHEREAS , amendment of the EMA is permitted pursuant to Section 13.7 thereof with the written
 consent of each of Remainco, Spinco and RMT Partner. 

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements, provisions and
 covenants contained in this Amendment, the Parties, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 

1. Exhibit A to the EMA is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with Exhibit A in the form attached to this Amendment.

2. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the EMA.

3. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each such counterpart being deemed to be an original instrument, and all such counterparts shall together constitute the same
 agreement. A signed copy of this Amendment delivered by facsimile, email or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Amendment.

4. Including as amended hereby, the EMA remains in full force and effect, is valid and binding on, and otherwise ratified by, the parties.

5. This Amendment, and the application or interpretation hereof, shall be governed exclusively by its terms and the Laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflict of laws principles
 thereof (or any other jurisdiction) to the extent that such principles would direct a matter to another jurisdiction.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Remainco, Spinco, and RMT Partner have caused this Second Amendment to
 Employee Matters Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC.

By

Name:

Title:

TREASURE HOLDCO, INC.

By

Name:

Title:

GLATFELTER CORPORATION

By

Name:

Title:

[ Signature Page to Second Amendment to Employee Matters Agreement ]

Exhibit A 

Last Name

First Name

BEGLE

CURTIS

BURGER

DAVID

FORSELL

MICHELE

GARRISON

GUY

GIORDANO

ERNEST

MANROA

TARUN

MICHALAK

ROBERT

TILL

JAMES

DERVAES

ROBERT

WAGONER

DAVID

BENZ

WILLIAM

BISHOP

NYLE

BURGESS

STEVEN

CABE

MICHAEL

CLARK

CAROLYN

CUNLIFFE

MATTHEW

ELLIS

DIANNE

GARDINER

JOHN

GONDHALEKAR

ARCHANA

GUERRERO

DANIEL

HARDEE

DIANNA

HARMON

PAUL

MAYO

JERRY

MCVEY

ELIZABETH

OROPEZA

PAMELA

PARKS

DAVID

RABON

ROBERT

REEVES

HOPE

STREET

JOHN

TINDALL

RUSSELL

WANG

LEI

WARD

STEVE

WEILMINSTER

ROBERT

YORGANSON

GLENDA

YORK

TRACEY

GREGORY

CHARLES

MARTIN

LYNN

MILLER

DONNIE

BENDER

LISA

CHESSER

KEITH

COFFEY

SUSAN

[Exhibit A to Employee Matters Agreement ]

DYER

JOSEPH

HUNT

PAUL

LANDRETH

MARK

LOVEDAY

JACK

MANSOURI

BIJAN

MCNULTY

THOMAS

PHILLIPS

JACOB

RICHARDSON

DOREEN

SOLARZ

JULIE

WADE

REGINA

CHIRICO

WILLIAM

GOLDTHORPE

LISE

MAINVILLE

DANIEL

MANN

GREGORY

OGBOMO

CLEMENT

WEEKS

LISA

MONSIVAIS

MARIA DE JESUS

TAFOYA

LUIS

GRIFFON

DENIS

MOREEL

LAURENT

ELSNER

PAOLA

SCHALK

ACHIM

SIMON

STEPHANE

HUNSINGER

DIDIER

LALLEMAND

YOLANDE

DIJKSTERHUIS

EELCO

EBBERS

TON

ROELOFS

MARGO

STEENHOVEN

VAN DER TON

NIGHTINGALE

VALERIE

WORMALD

PAUL

BARRICIELLO

VINCENZO

CUI

YAN

WANG

JACK

ECKERT

JOSEPH

HENDERSON

RONALD

KUNDOVIC

HELMUT

LIN

LINDA

MERRILL

JAMES

TEEGARDEN

LYNN

YOUNG

LINDA

GILBERT

WILLIE

THOMAS

PAMELA

[Exhibit A to Employee Matters Agreement ]

WOLSTENHOLME

MICHAEL

BOGGS

KENNETH

BUZZARD

MARK

FLAUGHER

JAMES

ESCHENBACHER

FRANK

GUENTHER

CHRISTIAN

LOPEZ

FRANCISCO

[Exhibit A to Employee Matters Agreement ]

</EX-10.47>

<EX-10.48>
 4
 ef20034627_ex10-48.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.48 THIRD AMENDMENT TO THE EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.48

Execution Version

THIRD AMENDMENT TO

 EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT

This THIRD AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT (this Amendment is made on this 24 day of October, 2024, by and among BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation Remainco ), TREASURE HOLDCO, INC., a Delaware corporation and a wholly
 owned indirect Subsidiary of Remainco Spinco ), and GLATFELTER CORPORATION, a Pennsylvania corporation RMT Partner ).

RECITALS

WHEREAS , Remainco,
 Spinco, and RMT Partner are parties to that certain Employee Matters Agreement dated February 6, 2024, as amended July 8, 2024, and September 25, 2024 (the EMA 

WHEREAS , Section
 7.1(b) of the EMA currently provides that disability benefit coverage for Inactive Employees who are receiving disability benefits under a Remainco Health Welfare Plan shall be continued until such individual returns to work and commences
 employment with the Spinco Group; 

WHEREAS , Remainco,
 Spinco and RMT Partner desire to amend the EMA to clarify that Inactive Employees who are receiving disability benefits under a Remainco Health Welfare Plan and are based in the U.S. will remain employees of Remainco while inactive while
 Inactive Employees who are receiving disability benefits under a Remainco Health Welfare Plan and are based outside of the U.S. will be employed by an entity in the Spinco Group while inactive with the cost of such disability benefit coverage
 to be reimbursed by Remainco; and 

WHEREAS , amendment
 of the EMA is permitted pursuant to Section 13.7 thereof with the written consent of each of Remainco, Spinco and RMT Partner. 

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE , in
 consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements, provisions and covenants contained in this Amendment, the Parties, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 

1. Section 7.1(b) of
 the EMA is hereby deleted in its entirety, and inserted in lieu thereof is the following:

(b) Disability . The Parties agree to cooperate in good faith to take all actions reasonably necessary or appropriate to ensure continuity in disability benefit coverage for each Inactive Employee who is receiving disability benefits under a Remainco Health Welfare Plan immediately
 prior to the Spinco Distribution Date until such Inactive Employee returns to work. 

(i) U.S.-based Inactive Employees . With respect to each
 Inactive Employee who is receiving disability benefits under a Remainco Health Welfare Plan immediately prior to the Spinco Distribution Date and who is based in the U.S., the Parties agree that such Inactive Employee will be employed by
 Remainco or one of its Affiliates from the Spinco Distribution Date until such Inactive Employee returns to work and commences employment with the Spinco Group, which may include, but is not limited to, providing a continuation of coverage
 under the applicable Remainco Health Welfare Plan during such period. 

(ii) Non-U.S.-based Inactive Employees . With respect to each Inactive
 Employee who is receiving disability benefits under a Remainco Health Welfare Plan immediately prior to the Spinco Distribution Date and who is based outside of the U.S., the Parties agree that such Inactive Employee will be employed by
 the Spinco Group as of the Spinco Distribution Date and the Spinco Group will ensure continuity in such disability benefit coverage for each Inactive Employee until such Inactive Employee returns to work, which may include, but is not limited
 to, providing coverage under the applicable Spinco Health Welfare Plan during such period; provided, however, that the employer s portion of the cost of such disability benefit coverage and any other costs incurred by the Spinco Group in
 connection with the Inactive Employee shall be invoiced to and reimbursed by Remainco within 60 days of Remainco s receipt of any such invoice. In the event any Inactive Employee does not return to work and his/her employment needs to be
 terminated by the relevant member of the Spinco Group, Remainco will reimburse the Spinco Group for all termination payments, both statutory and non-statutory (e.g., pay in lieu of notice, statutory and contractual severance, any ex gratia payment in exchange for a mutual termination agreement,
 etc.), which the relevant member of the Spinco Group must pay to the Inactive Employee. 

2. Capitalized terms
 used but not defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the EMA.

3. This Amendment may
 be executed in any number of counterparts, each such counterpart being deemed to be an original instrument, and all such counterparts shall together constitute the same agreement. A signed copy of this Amendment delivered by facsimile, email or
 other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Amendment.

4. Including as
 amended hereby, the EMA remains in full force and effect, is valid and binding on, and otherwise ratified by, the parties.

5. This Amendment, and
 the application or interpretation hereof, shall be governed exclusively by its terms and the Laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflict of laws principles thereof (or any other jurisdiction) to the extent that such principles would
 direct a matter to another jurisdiction.

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
 Remainco, Spinco, and RMT Partner have caused this Third Amendment to Employee Matters Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC.

By

Name:

Jason Greene

Title:

Executive Vice President

TREASURE HOLDCO, INC.

By

Name:

Jason Greene

Title:

Executive Vice President

GLATFELTER CORPORATION

By

Name:

Jill L. Urey

Title:

VP, General Counsel Compliance

[Signature Page to Third Amendment to Employee Matters Agreement ]

</EX-10.48>

<EX-10.49>
 5
 ef20034627_ex10-49.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.49 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO THE EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.49

FOURTH AMENDMENT TO

 EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT

This FOURTH AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT (this Amendment is made on this [ ] day of November, 2024, by and among BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation Remainco ),
 TREASURE HOLDCO, INC., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned indirect Subsidiary of Remainco Spinco ), and GLATFELTER CORPORATION, a Pennsylvania corporation RMT Partner ).

RECITALS

WHEREAS , Remainco, Spinco, and RMT Partner are parties to that certain Employee Matters
 Agreement dated February 6, 2024, as amended July 8, 2024 (as amended, the EMA 

WHEREAS , Remainco, Spinco and RMT Partner desire to amend the EMA to update Exhibit A 
 to the EMA; and 

WHEREAS , amendment of the EMA is permitted pursuant to Section 13.7 thereof with the written
 consent of each of Remainco, Spinco and RMT Partner. 

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements, provisions and
 covenants contained in this Amendment, the Parties, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 

1. Exhibit A to the EMA is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with Exhibit A in the form attached to this Amendment.

2. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the EMA.

3. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each such counterpart being deemed to be an original instrument, and all such counterparts shall together constitute the same
 agreement. A signed copy of this Amendment delivered by facsimile, email or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Amendment.

4. Including as amended hereby, the EMA remains in full force and effect, is valid and binding on, and otherwise ratified by, the parties.

5. This Amendment, and the application or interpretation hereof, shall be governed exclusively by its terms and the Laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflict of laws principles
 thereof (or any other jurisdiction) to the extent that such principles would direct a matter to another jurisdiction.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Remainco, Spinco, and RMT Partner have caused this Fourth Amendment to
 Employee Matters Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC.

By

Name:

Title:

TREASURE HOLDCO, INC.

By

Name:

Title:

GLATFELTER CORPORATION

By

Name:

Title:

[ Signature Page to Second Amendment to Employee Matters Agreement ]

Exhibit A 

Last Name

First Name

BEGLE

CURTIS

BURGER

DAVID

FORSELL

MICHELE

GARRISON

GUY

GIORDANO

ERNEST

MANROA

TARUN

MICHALAK

ROBERT

TILL

JAMES

DERVAES

ROBERT

WAGONER

DAVID

BENZ

WILLIAM

BISHOP

NYLE

BURGESS

STEVEN

CABE

MICHAEL

CLARK

CAROLYN

CUNLIFFE

MATTHEW

ELLIS

DIANNE

GARDINER

JOHN

GONDHALEKAR

ARCHANA

GUERRERO

DANIEL

HARDEE

DIANNA

HARMON

PAUL

MAYO

JERRY

MCVEY

ELIZABETH

OROPEZA

PAMELA

PARKS

DAVID

RABON

ROBERT

REEVES

HOPE

STREET

JOHN

TINDALL

RUSSELL

WANG

LEI

WARD

STEVE

WEILMINSTER

ROBERT

YORGANSON

GLENDA

YORK

TRACEY

GREGORY

CHARLES

MARTIN

LYNN

MILLER

DONNIE

BENDER

LISA

CHESSER

KEITH

COFFEY

SUSAN

[Exhibit A to Employee Matters Agreement ]

DYER

JOSEPH

HUNT

PAUL

LANDRETH

MARK

LOVEDAY

JACK

MANSOURI

BIJAN

MCNULTY

THOMAS

PHILLIPS

JACOB

RICHARDSON

DOREEN

SOLARZ

JULIE

WADE

REGINA

CHIRICO

WILLIAM

GOLDTHORPE

LISE

MAINVILLE

DANIEL

MANN

GREGORY

OGBOMO

CLEMENT

WEEKS

LISA

MONSIVAIS

MARIA DE JESUS

TAFOYA

LUIS

GRIFFON

DENIS

MOREEL

LAURENT

ELSNER

PAOLA

SCHALK

ACHIM

SIMON

STEPHANE

HUNSINGER

DIDIER

LALLEMAND

YOLANDE

DIJKSTERHUIS

EELCO

EBBERS

TON

ROELOFS

MARGO

STEENHOVEN

VAN DER TON

NIGHTINGALE

VALERIE

WORMALD

PAUL

BARRICIELLO

VINCENZO

WANG

JACK

ECKERT

JOSEPH

HENDERSON

RONALD

KUNDOVIC

HELMUT

LIN

LINDA

MERRILL

JAMES

TEEGARDEN

LYNN

YOUNG

LINDA

GILBERT

WILLIE

THOMAS

PAMELA

WOLSTENHOLME

MICHAEL

[Exhibit A to Employee Matters Agreement ]

BOGGS

KENNETH

BUZZARD

MARK

FLAUGHER

JAMES

ESCHENBACHER

FRANK

GUENTHER

CHRISTIAN

LOPEZ

FRANCISCO

[Exhibit A to Employee Matters Agreement ]

</EX-10.49>

<EX-19>
 6
 ef20034627_ex19.htm
 EXHIBIT 19 INSIDER TRADING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES

Exhibit 19

As Adopted August 4, 2014

BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC. 

AMENDED AND RESTATED

POLICY STATEMENT

SECURITIES TRADING BY COMPANY PERSONNEL

The common stock and debt securities of Berry Global Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the Company trade in
 the public market. Federal and state securities laws and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC prohibit the purchase or sale of securities on the basis of material inside or nonpublic information.

The Company has adopted this Policy Statement to limit the possibility that persons employed by or associated with the Company violate these
 laws. This Policy Statement does not simply restate legal principles or regulatory rules; rather, in certain areas, the Company has adopted policies and procedures that may impose requirements beyond those mandated by applicable laws or regulations.

This Policy Statement is divided into three parts. Part I applies to all employees, officers, and members of the Board of Directors of the Company, as well as their parents, spouses and minor children and other persons living in their households, and to investment partnerships and other entities (such
 as trusts and corporations) over which such employees, officers or directors have or share voting or investment control (each, a Covered Person ). Part II describes special additional trading restrictions applicable to certain designated personnel,
 their family members and related entities. Part III sets forth certain exceptions and permitted transactions.

This Policy Statement is for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Company and does not constitute or otherwise create any employment or
 other legal right, privilege, assurance, or contract of any kind or nature in favor of any Company personnel. This Policy Statement is not intended to be, and may not be, relied upon by any other party. Conduct in violation of this Policy Statement
 is outside the scope of a Covered Person s job responsibilities and authority and will subject such Covered Person to disciplinary action, as described more fully below.

I. 
 
 GENERAL POLICY APPLICABLE TO ALL COVERED PERSONS

A. 
 
 Reasons for the Policy 

The consequences of a violation of the securities laws are severe:

Individuals who trade on inside information (or tip information to others) can be liable for: 

A civil fine of up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided;

A criminal fine of up to 5 million; and

A jail term of up to 20 years.

Companies that fail to take appropriate steps to prevent illegal insider trading may be liable under the securities laws as a controlling
 person and face:

A civil fine of up to the greater of 1 million or three times the profit gained or loss avoided as a result of the employee s violation; and

A criminal fine of up to 2.5 million.

Any violation of this Policy Statement would be grounds for the Company to take appropriate action against a Covered Person, including
 fining, suspending without pay or terminating the employment of such Covered Person. Furthermore, the Company s policy is intended to be broader than the law and, therefore, the Company reserves the right to determine, in its own discretion and on
 the basis of the information available to it, whether its policy has been violated and to take disciplinary action, without waiting for the resolution of any civil or criminal action against an alleged violator. Needless to say, any of the
 consequences of a violation, even an SEC investigation that does not result in a criminal prosecution or civil enforcement proceeding, can irreparably damage an individual s career and tarnish the Company s reputation.

B. 
 
 No Trading While in Possession of Material Nonpublic Information 

If a Covered Person is aware of any material nonpublic information relating to the Company or its securities, then that
 person may not buy or sell Company securities or engage in any other action to take advantage of that information. Covered Persons are also prohibited from recommending, tipping or suggesting that anyone else buy or sell stock or other securities
 of the Company on the basis of material nonpublic information.

Material information is any information that a reasonable investor would consider important in a decision to buy, hold or sell the Company s
 securities. In short, any information, whether positive or negative, that would reasonably be expected to affect the price of Company securities should be considered material.

Common examples of information frequently regarded as material are: financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, or projections
 or forecasts, or any information that indicates a company s financial results may exceed or fall short of forecasts or expectations; pending or contemplated mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, tender offers or joint ventures; proposed purchases or
 sales of significant assets or subsidiaries; the introduction of significant new products and/or services; the potential gain or loss of a major customer or contract; public or private securities offerings; litigation and actual or threatened
 governmental investigations; changes in auditors or auditor notification that the Company may no longer rely on the auditor s report; and changes in senior management. As a general matter, if a Covered Person is considering purchasing or selling
 securities of the Company (or some other company) because of some piece of information concerning a potential or pending, but unannounced, event or development, he or she should consider that information to be material.

2 

Nonpublic information is information that is not generally available to the investing public. If a Covered Person is aware of material
 nonpublic information, he or she must not trade until the information has been widely disclosed to the public and the market has had sufficient time to absorb the information.

Common examples of the type of dissemination that makes nonpublic information public include disclosure in (i) news wire services, (ii)
 radio, television or print media and (iii) public filings with the SEC. If information is only available to a small group, such as analysts or institutional investors, it should be considered nonpublic. Information generally will not be considered
 public under this Policy Statement until twenty-four (24) hours following the Company s public release of the information (or such longer period until one full trading day on the New York Stock Exchange occurs). Note that information that is widely
 known within the Company may still be nonpublic if it has not been generally released to the investing public. Covered Persons may not attempt to make information public so that they can trade in the Company s securities.

When a Covered Person is prohibited from trading securities of the Company because he or she possesses material nonpublic information or
 there is a Blackout Period applicable to such Covered Person (discussed below), he or she may not have any other person purchase or sell securities on his or her behalf or disclose (or tip the information to any such person. Any purchases or
 sales made by another person on behalf of a Covered Person will be attributed to such Covered Person.

Transactions that may be necessary or justifiable for independent reasons (such as the need to raise money for an emergency expenditure) are
 no exception . The securities laws do not recognize such mitigating circumstances.

Because restrictions on insider trading apply to members of employees families and persons living in employees households, as well as
 certain types of entities in which employees have interests, employees are responsible for the compliance of such persons.

Regardless of whether information is proprietary information about the Company or information that could have an impact on the price of the
 Company s securities, Covered Persons must not tip or pass the information on to others. The penalties explained can apply, whether or not a Covered Person derives any benefit from another s actions, and both the Covered Person and the recipient
 of the tipped information may be held liable.

C. 
 
 Temporary Blackout Periods 

You are not generally subject to the blackout and pre-clearance policy in Part II below unless you have been notified that you are a
 Designated Restricted Person. However, the Chief Legal Officer may issue instructions from time to time advising some or all personnel that they may not buy or sell our securities for certain periods, or that our securities may not be traded
 without prior approval during certain periods (a Temporary Blackout Period ). Due to the confidential nature of the events that may trigger these sorts of Temporary Blackout Periods, the Chief Legal Officer may find it necessary to inform affected
 individuals of a Temporary Blackout Period without disclosing the reason. If you are made aware of such a Temporary Blackout Period, do not disclose its existence to anyone.

3 

D. 
 
 No Trading While in Possession of Material Nonpublic Information of Other Companies 

If a Covered Person has material nonpublic information regarding any other company that he or she obtained as a result of his or her
 employment or relationship with the Company, such Covered Person must not trade or advise anyone else to trade in the securities of that other company until such information has been publicly disclosed.

E. 
 
 Transactions Following an Employee s Termination 

The prohibitions on trading continue to apply to transactions in the Company s securities even after a director or employee has terminated,
 respectively, his or her term on the board of directors or employment. If such director or employee is in possession of material nonpublic information at the time of such termination, he or she may not trade in Company securities until that
 information has become public or is no longer material.

F. 
 
 Unauthorized Disclosure of Information 

Covered Persons are prohibited from disclosing to anyone any nonpublic information obtained at or through the Company, except if such
 disclosure is part of their regular duties and is needed to enable the Company to carry out its business properly and effectively. Because the Company is subject to laws that govern certain disclosures of information to outside persons, only certain
 designated employees may discuss the Company with the news media, securities analysts and investors, and any inquiries made from outsiders to other employees should be forwarded to Investor Relations. With respect to other inside persons, you should
 not share material nonpublic information obtained at or through the Company, whether about the Company or about another company, with others at the Company if their jobs do not require them to have such information.

To protect the confidentiality of Company information, you should avoid discussions of confidential matters in places where such discussions
 might be overheard; mark sensitive documents confidential and use sealed envelopes marked confidential secure confidential documents and restrict the copying of sensitive documents; use code names for sensitive projects; use passwords to
 restrict computer access; and not post any unauthorized messages regarding the Company or its business, financial condition, employees, clients or other matters related to it on third-party internet sources available to the public.

G. 
 
 Company Assistance and Reporting of Violations 

Any Covered Person who has any questions about a specific transaction in Company securities may obtain additional guidance from the Chief
 Legal Officer of the Company. However, the ultimate responsibility for adhering to this Policy Statement and avoiding improper transactions rests with each Covered Person.

Furthermore, any employee, officer or director who violates this Policy Statement or any federal or state laws governing insider trading or
 tipping, or knows of any such violation by any other employee, officer or director, must report the violation immediately to the Chief Legal Officer of the Company or anonymously by calling the Company s Global Compliance Hotline.

4 

II. 
 
 ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON DESIGNATED RESTRICTED PERSONS

A. 
 
 Who is Generally Subject to Blackout Period and Pre-Clearance Requirements? 

To help prevent inadvertent violations of the securities laws and to avoid even the appearance of trading on inside information, the Chief
 Legal Officer will maintain a list of Designated Restricted Persons, who are subject to the blackout, pre-clearance and other restrictions described in this Part. The list of Designated Restricted Persons shall include (i) the Company s directors
 and executive officers, (ii) employees of the Company reporting directly to the Chief Executive Officer, (iii) the Controller of the Company, (iv) members of the Company s legal and investor relations departments, (v) such other personnel as the
 Chief Legal Officer specifically designates in writing, and (vi) with respect to each of the foregoing, their parents, spouses, minor children and other persons living in their households, and to investment partnerships or other entities (such as
 trusts and corporations over which such Designated Restricted Person has or shares voting or investment control. It is anticipated that the Chief Legal Officer, in consultation with the Chief Financial Officer, will designate as Designated
 Restricted Persons personnel who are significantly involved in the preparation of the Company s financial results, have knowledge of Company forecasts or are otherwise regularly aware of material nonpublic information.

B. 
 
 Blackout Period 

In addition to the general prohibition on trading of securities while in possession of material nonpublic information as described in Part
 I, Designated Restricted Persons are also prohibited as a matter of Company policy from trading in Company securities during the following period (the Blackout Period ):

No Designated Restricted Person shall engage in any
 transactions in Company securities during the period beginning on the first Wednesday of the third month of each fiscal quarter until twenty-four (24) hours after public announcement of earnings (whether by press release or in a Quarterly Report on
 Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K), or such other period as the Chief Legal Officer has designated and of which the Designated Restricted Person has been notified . 

The Blackout Period restriction does not apply to the permitted transactions described in Part III. To the extent consistent with
 applicable law, the Board of Directors of the Company and/or the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company may approve a temporary deviation from the
 Blackout Period and permit a Designated Restricted Person to trade during a Blackout Period, but no Designated Restricted Person may trade unless he or she receives prior written approval.

C. 
 
 Pre-clearance of Transactions 

To prevent inadvertent violations (which could result, for example, where a Designated Restricted Person engages in a trade outside the
 Blackout Period when a major corporate development is pending), this Policy Statement also includes the following procedural requirement for all Designated Restricted Persons:

5 

All transactions (acquisitions, dispositions, transfers, etc.) in Company securities by Designated Restricted Persons
 must be pre-cleared by the Chief Legal Officer of the Company, except for the permitted transactions described in Part III below.

Unless revoked, a grant of permission will normally remain valid until the close of trading three (3) business days following the day on
 which it was granted. If the transaction does not occur during such three-day period, pre-clearance of the transaction must be re-requested.

D. 
 
 Restrictions on Derivatives, Short Sales and Pledges 

Designated Restricted Persons are also prohibited from (i) trading in puts and calls (publicly traded options to buy or sell stock) or other
 derivative securities with respect to Company securities, (ii) engaging in short sales of Company securities, (iii) holding Company securities in a margin account or (iv) pledging Company securities as collateral for a loan.

In limited circumstances, the Company may consider the appropriateness of granting a limited exception to the restrictions in this Section
 II.D., which may include specific conditions. Decisions as to whether an exception will be granted, and, if so, the conditions that may be required for grant of the exception, rest with the sole discretion of the Audit Committee or the Board of
 Directors and will depend on the Company s assessment of all of the relevant facts and circumstances of a particular situation. The Company expects that such exceptions will be rare and not become the rule.

III. 
 
 EXCEPTIONS AND PERMITTED TRANSACTIONS

A. 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Plans 

SEC Rule 10b5-1 provides a defense from insider trading liability. In order to be eligible to rely on this defense for trading in the
 Company s securities, a person must enter into a Rule 10b5-1 plan that meets certain conditions specified in the Rule. If the plan meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1, securities may be purchased or sold without regard to certain insider trading
 restrictions such as blackout periods. By implementing a pre-established Rule 10b5-1 Plan, Designated Restricted Persons may arrange for sales or purchases of securities in the future regardless of future developments that could lead to a blackout
 period on trading at such time. To comply with this Policy Statement, a Rule 10b5-1 Plan must be approved by the Chief Legal Officer and meet the requirements of Rule 10b5-1. In general, a Rule 10b5-1 Plan must be entered into at a time when the
 person entering into the plan is not aware of material nonpublic information and not during a Blackout Period. Once the plan is adopted, the person must not exercise any influence over the amount of securities to be traded, the price at which they
 are to be traded or the date of the trade. The plan must either specify the amount, pricing and timing of transactions in advance or delegate discretion on these matters to an independent third party.

Any proposed Rule 10b5-1 Plan must be submitted to the Chief Legal Officer for approval at least five (5) business days prior to the entry
 into the Rule 10b5-1 Plan. If the proposed Rule 10b5-1 Plan is approved by the Chief Legal Officer, transactions in accordance with the Plan as previously approved are not subject to Blackout Periods or the pre-clearance procedures otherwise
 applicable to Designated Restricted Persons.

6 

B. 
 
 Other Permitted Transactions 

The following transactions are not subject to this Policy Statement:

Bona fide gifts, unless the person making the gift has reason to believe that the recipient intends to sell the Company securities while the officer, employee or director is aware of material
 nonpublic information, or the person making the gift is a Designated Restricted Person and the Designated Restricted Person has reason to believe that the recipient intends to sell the Company securities during a Blackout Period. 

The exercise of stock options granted by the Company, but this does not include broker-assisted cashless exercises or market sales of the purchased shares.

Transactions in mutual funds investing in securities of the Company.

However, directors and executive officers are urged to notify the Chief Legal Officer in advance of gift and option transactions to
 facilitate the Company s ability to prepare any Form 4 filing required under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

If you have any questions regarding this Policy Statement, contact the Company s Chief Legal Officer.

7 

</EX-19>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 ex21_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1
 
 BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC.
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES
 
 Ace Classic Medical Components (Shanghai) Company Limited
 Ace Corporation Holdings Limited
 Ace Industrial Technologies Limited
 Ace Medical Components Co Limited
 Ace Mold (HeFei) Company Limited
 Ace Mold (Shanghai) Company Limited
 Ace Mold (Zhuhai) Company Limited
 Ace Mold Company Limited
 Ace Mold Industrial (Shanghai) Company Limited
 Ace Mold Industrial (Shenzhen) Company Limited
 Ace Plastics (Shenzhen) Company Limited
 Ace Plastics (Zhuhai) Company Limited
 Ace Plastics Company Limited
 Ace Plastics Technologies Limited
 AeroCon, LLC
 Aspen Industrial S.A. de C.V.
 Astra Plastique SAS
 Astrapak Manufacturing Holdings Proprietary Limited
 Astrapak Property Holdings Proprietary Limited
 AT Films Inc
 AVINTIV Inc.
 AVINTIV Acquisition LLC
 AVINTIV Specialty Materials LLC
 Bender GmbH
 Berry ACE Automation (Shenzhen) Company Limited
 Berry Ace Packaging (Jiaxing) Company Limited
 Berry Acquisition Company do Brasil Ltda.
 Berry Aschersleben GmbH
 Berry Beaut Marolles SAS
 Berry Bramlage Kolding A/S
 Berry do Brasil Ltda.
 Berry Dombuhl GmbH
 Berry EKE NV
 Berry Europe GmbH
 Berry Film Products Acquisition Company, Inc.
 Berry Film Products Company, Inc.
 Berry Gent NV
 Berry Global Films, LLC
 Berry Global France Holdings SAS
 Berry Global German Holdings GmbH
 Berry Global Group, Inc.
 Berry Global India Private Limited
 Berry Global International Financing Limited
 Berry Global International Holdings Limited
 Berry Global Malta Holdings Company Limited
 Berry Global UK Holding Limited
 Berry Global, Inc.
 Berry Holding Company do Brasil Ltda.
 Berry Holding Denmark A/S
 Berry Norway Containers AS
 Berry Packaging Norway AS
 Berry PET Power France SASU
 Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation V
 Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation XIV, LLC
 Berry Plastics Acquisition LLC X
 Berry Plastics Asia Pacific Limited
 Berry Plastics Asia Pte. Ltd.
 Berry Plastics Canada, Inc.
 Berry Plastics de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.
 Berry Plastics Design, LLC
 Berry Plastics Escrow, LLC
 Berry Plastics Filmco, Inc.
 Berry Plastics GmbH
 Berry Plastics Holding GmbH Co. KG
 Berry Plastics Hong Kong Limited
 Berry Plastics IK, LLC
 Berry Plastics International B.V.
 Berry Plastics International GmbH
 Berry Plastics Opco, Inc.
 Berry Plastics Qingdao Limited
 Berry Plastics SP, Inc.
 Berry Plastics Technical Services, Inc.
 Berry Slovakia SRO
 Berry Specialty Tapes, LLC
 Berry Superfos Balkan d o o
 Berry Superfos Besancon SAS
 Berry Superfos Bouxwiller SAS
 Berry Superfos Bremerv rde Management GmbH
 Berry Superfos Bremerv rde Packaging GmbH
 Berry Superfos Bremerv rde Print GmbH
 Berry Superfos Deventer BV
 Berry Superfos Italy SRL
 Berry Superfos La Genete SAS
 Berry Superfos Lidk ping AB
 Berry Superfos Lubie Sp z o o
 Berry Superfos Mullsj AB
 Berry Superfos Opfenbach GmbH
 Berry Superfos Packaging Solutions Kaltenkirchen GmbH
 Berry Superfos Pamplona SA
 Berry Superfos Pori Oy
 Berry Superfos Pozna Sp. z o o
 Berry Superfos Randers A/S
 Berry Superfos Stilling A/S
 Berry Superfos Wetteren NV
 Berry Tapes Holding Company, Inc.
 Berry UK Containers Limited
 Berry UK Holdings Limited
 Berry UK Pension Trustees Limited
 Bonlam, S.A. DE C.V.
 BMS International Holdings B.V.
 BPI 2007 Limited
 BPI 2010 Limited
 BPI Formipac France SARL
 BPI General Partner Limited
 BPI International (No 2) Limited
 BPI International Limited
 BPI Limited
 BPI Limited Partner Limited
 BPI Pension Funding Limited Partnership
 BPRex Closure Systems, LLC
 BPRex Closures Kentucky Inc.
 BPRex Closures, LLC
 BPRex de Mexico S.A. de R.L. de CV
 BPRex Delta Inc.
 BPRex Healthcare Brookville Inc.
 BPRex Healthcare Offranville SAS
 BPRex Healthcare Packaging, Inc.
 BPRex Partipacoes Ltda
 BPRex Pharma Packaging India Private Limited
 BPRex Plastic Packaging (India) Private Limited
 BPRex Plastic Packaging de Mexico S.A. de C.V.
 BPRex Plastic Packaging, Inc.
 BPRex Plasticos Do Brasil Ltda
 BPRex Product Design Engineering Inc.
 BPRex Specialty Products Puerto Rico Inc.
 Brithene Films Limited
 British Polythene Industries Limited
 British Polythene Limited
 Caplas LLC
 Caplas Neptune, LLC
 Captive Plastics, LLC
 Cardinal Packaging, Inc.
 Chicopee Asia, Limited
 Chicopee Holdings B.V.
 Chicopee Holdings C.V.
 Chicopee LLC
 Chocksett Road Limited Partnership
 Chocksett Road Realty Trust
 Zedcor Limited
 Combipac BV
 Companhai Providencia Industria e Comercio
 Covalence Specialty Adhesives LLC
 Consumer Packaging Int'l Holdings, LLC
 CPI Holding Corporation
 Delta Polythene Limited
 Dominion Textile (USA), L.L.C.
 Dongguan First Packaging Co. Limited
 Dongguan United Packaging Co., Limited
 Dounor SAS
 Dumpling Rock, LLC
 ESE BV
 ESE France SAS
 ESE GmbH
 ESE Holding SASU
 ESE Holdings Limited
 ESE Kft
 ESE NV
 ESE Sp. z o.o.
 ESE Sweden Holding AB
 ESE World BV
 ESE World Limited
 Estero Porch, LLC
 Fabrene, Inc.
 Fabrene, L.L.C.
 Fiberweb (Tianjin) Specialty Nonwovens Company Limited
 Fiberweb Berlin GmbH
 Fiberweb France SAS
 Fiberweb Geosynthetics Limited
 Fiberweb Holdings Limited
 Fiberweb Italia SRL
 Fiberweb Limited
 Fiberweb, LLC
 Fiberweb Terno D'Isola SRL
 Financiere Daunou 1 SA
 Flexfilm Limited
 Fortune Best Trading Limited
 F S Export Inc.
 F S Precision Holdings Inc.
 F S Tool Inc.
 Galion Distribution SARL
 Galion International SA
 Galion SA
 Galion Senegal SA
 GCS Holdco Finance II SARL
 GDMH SA
 Genius World Holding Ltd
 Global Closure Systems America 1, Inc.
 Global Closure Systems France 1 SAS
 Global Closure Systems Germany GmbH
 Global Closure Systems Spain SLU
 Global Closure Systems UK Limited
 Grafco Industries Limited Partnership
 Grupo de Servicios Berpla, S. de R.L. de C.V.
 HHS France Holdings SAS
 HHS German Holdings GmbH
 Irish Polythene Industries Limited
 J P Plast S R O
 J P Plast Slovakia spol S R O
 Jacinto Mexico, S.A. de C.V.
 Jagtenberg Beheer BV
 Jiangmen United Packaging Co., Limited
 Jordan Plastics Limited
 Kerr Group, LLC
 Knight Plastics, LLC
 Laddawn, Inc.
 Lamb's Grove, LLC
 Letica Corporation
 Letica Resources, Inc.
 LLC ESE South America S.R.L.
 Lunifera Investments Proprietary Limited
 M H Plastics LLC
 Marcom Plastics Proprietary Limited
 Massmould Limited
 Maynard Harris Group Limited
 Maynard Harris Plastics
 Maynard Harris Plastics (UK) Limited
 Millham, LLC
 Multicom SRL
 Nanhai Nanxin Non Woven Co. Ltd
 Nordfolien GmbH
 Nordfolien Polska Sp. z o.o.
 Obrist (Thailand) Co Limited
 Obrist Closures Switzerland GmbH
 Obrist Eastern Europe SRL
 Obrist Iberia SLU
 Obrist Italia Srl
 Old Hickory Steamworks, LLC
 Packerware, LLC
 PET Power BV
 PET Power Handels GmbH
 Pfizer Investment Ltd
 PGI Acquisition Limited
 PGI Argentina S.A.
 PGI Colombia LTDA
 PGI Europe LLC
 PGI France SAS
 PGI Holdings B.V.
 PGI Netherlands Holdings (No. 2) B.V.
 PGI Non-Woven (China) Company Limited
 PGI Nonwovens (Mauritius)
 PGI Nonwovens B.V.
 PGI Polymer LLC
 PGI Spain S.L. U
 Plasgran Limited
 Plastiape S.p.A.
 Pliant de Mexico S.A. de C.V.
 Pliant International, LLC
 Pliant, LLC
 Polymer Group Holdings C.V.
 Poly-Seal, LLC
 Promens Asia Limited
 Promens Do Brasil Servi os Ltda
 Promens Firenze SRL
 Promens Italy SRL
 Promens Monastir SARL
 Promens Munchen GmbH
 Promens OY
 Promens Packaging GmbH
 Promens Packaging Limited
 Promens Packaging SAU
 Promens Personal Healthcare GmbH
 Promens SA
 Promens SARL
 Providencia USA, Inc.
 PWS Danmark A/S
 PWS Finland OY
 PWS Nordic AB
 Rafypak, S.A. de C.V.
 Rigid Plastic Containers Holdings Limited
 Rollpak Corporation
 Romfilms Limited
 RPC 2017 Holding Company Limited
 RPC Ace Company Limited
 RPC ACE Plastics (Hefei) Co Limited
 RPC Africa Holdings Pty Limited
 RPC Asia Pacific Holdings Limited
 RPC Astrapak Proprietary Limited
 RPC Bramlage Dinklage GmbH Co KG
 RPC Bramlage Division GmbH Co KG
 RPC Bramlage Food GmbH
 RPC Bramlage GmbH
 RPC Bramlage Inc.
 RPC Bramlage Warszawa Sp.z.o.o.
 RPC Bramlage Werkzeugbau GmbH Co KG
 RPC Bramlage Yekaterinburg LLC
 RPC Containers Limited
 RPC Containers Pension Trustees Limited
 RPC Emballages Moirans SAS
 RPC Emballages Montpont SAS
 RPC Emballages SAS
 RPC Envases SA
 RPC Folio Holdings GmbH
 RPC Formatec GmbH
 RPC Group Limited
 RPC Leopard Holdings, Inc.
 RPC Packaging Brasil Ind stria e Com rcio de Embalagens Ltda
 RPC Packaging Holdings (Deutschland) BV Co KG
 RPC Packaging Holdings (US) Inc
 RPC Packaging Holdings Brazil BV
 RPC Packaging Holdings Limited
 RPC Pisces Holdings Limited
 RPC Promens Group BV
 RPC Promens Industrial Crailsheim GmbH
 RPC Superfos US, Inc.
 RPC Tedeco-Gizeh (UK) Limited
 RPC Verpackungen Kutenholz GmbH
 RPC Verwaltungsgesellschaft BV
 RPC Wiko Verwaltungsgellschaft GmbH
 RPC Zeller Plastik Libertyville, Inc.
 Saffron Acquisition, LLC
 Megafilm Limited
 SC Romfilms SRL
 SCI Vertuquet
 Scott Robertson Limited
 Setco, LLC
 SPA Galion Algerie
 Spec Molders Proprietary Limited
 Spec Tool and Die and General Engineering Proprietary Limited
 Sugden, LLC
 Sun Coast Industries, LLC
 Superfos Tamworth Limited
 Terram Defencell Limited
 Terram Limited
 Treasure Holdco, Inc.
 Tyco Acquisition Alpha LLC
 UAB ESE Baltija
 Uniplast Holdings, LLC
 Uniplast U.S., Inc.
 Venture Packaging, Inc.
 Venture Packaging Midwest, Inc.
 Weener Plastop Proprietary Limited
 Zeller Engineering GmbH
 Zeller Plastik Deutschland GmbH
 Zeller Plastik Espana SLU
 Zeller Plastik France SAS
 Zeller Plastik Italia Srl
 Zeller Plastik Mexico SA de CV
 Zeller Plastik Philippines Inc
 Zeller Plastik Poland Sp. z o.o.
 Zeller Plastik Shanghai Limited

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22.1>
 8
 ex22_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 22.1 LIST OF SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS

EXHIBIT 22.1
 Guaranteed Securities 
 
 The following securities (collectively, the Berry Global Senior Secured Notes issued by Berry Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Berry Global Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), were outstanding as of September 28, 2024.
 
 Description of Notes
 1.00 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2025
 4.875 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026
 1.57 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026
 1.50 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2027
 1.65 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2027
 5.50 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2028
 5.80 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2031
 5.65 First Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2034
 4.50 Second Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2026
 5.625 Second Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2027
 
 Obligors 
 
 As of September 28, 2024, the obligors under the Berry Global Senior Secured Notes consisted of the Company, as a guarantor, and its subsidiaries listed in the following table:
 
 Name
 Jurisdiction
 Obligor Type
 AeroCon, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 AVINTIV Acquisition LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 AVINTIV Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 AVINTIV Specialty Materials LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Film Products Acquisition Company, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Film Products Company, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Global Films, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Global, Inc.
 Delaware
 Issuer
 Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation V
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation XIV LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Plastics Acquisition LLC X
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Plastics Design, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Plastics Escrow LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Plastics Filmco, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Plastics IK, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Plastics Opco, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Plastics SP, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Plastics Technical Services, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Specialty Tapes, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Berry Tapes Holding Company, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 BPRex Closure Systems, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 BPRex Closures Kentucky Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 BPRex Closures, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 BPRex Delta Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 BPRex Healthcare Brookville Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 BPRex Healthcare Packaging, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 BPRex Plastic Packaging, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 BPRex Product Design and Engineering Inc.
 Minnesota
 Guarantor
 BPRex Specialty Products Puerto Rico Inc.
 New Jersey
 Guarantor
 Caplas LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Caplas Neptune, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Captive Plastics, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Cardinal Packaging, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Chicopee LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Chocksett Road Limited Partnership
 Massachusetts
 Guarantor
 Chocksett Road Realty Trust
 Massachusetts
 Guarantor
 Covalence Specialty Adhesives LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Consumer Packaging Int'l Holdings, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 CPI Holding Corporation
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Dominion Textile (USA), L.L.C.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Dumpling Rock, LLC
 Massachusetts
 Guarantor
 Estero Porch, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 F S Precision Holdings Inc.
 Pennsylvania
 Guarantor
 F S Tool Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 F S Export Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Fabrene, L.L.C.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Fiberweb, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Global Closure Systems America 1, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Grafco Industries Limited Partnership
 Maryland
 Guarantor
 Kerr Group, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Knight Plastics, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Laddawn, Inc.
 Massachusetts
 Guarantor
 Lamb s Grove, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Letica Corporation
 Michigan
 Guarantor
 Letica Resources, Inc.
 Michigan
 Guarantor
 M H Plastics, LLC
 Virginia
 Guarantor
 Millham, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Old Hickory Steamworks, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Packerware, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 PGI Europe LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 PGI Polymer LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Pliant International, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Pliant, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Poly-Seal, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Providencia USA, Inc.
 North Carolina
 Guarantor
 Rollpak Corporation
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 RPC Bramlage, Inc.
 Pennsylvania
 Guarantor
 RPC Leopard Holdings, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 RPC Packaging Holdings (US), Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 RPC Superfos US, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 RPC Zeller Plastik Libertyville, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Saffron Acquisition, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Setco, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Sugden, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Sun Coast Industries, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Treasure Holdco, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Tyco Acquisition Alpha LLC
 Nevada
 Guarantor
 Uniplast Holdings, LLC
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Uniplast U.S., Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Venture Packaging Midwest, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor
 Venture Packaging, Inc.
 Delaware
 Guarantor

Pledged Security Collateral 
 
 As of September 28, 2024, the obligations under the Berry Global Senior Secured Notes were secured by pledges of the capital stock of the following affiliates of the Company:
 
 Name
 Country
 State
 Owned by
 Percentage of
 Outstanding Shares/
 Membership/
 Partnership Interests
 Percentage
 of Owned
 Interests
 Pledged
 AeroCon, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Aspen Industrial S.A. de C.V.
 Mexico
 
 Pliant, LLC and Pliant Corporation International
 (1 share)
 100.00 
 65 
 AVINTIV Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 AVINTIV Acquisition LLC
 USA
 DE
 AVINTIV Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 AVINTIV Specialty Materials LLC
 USA
 DE
 AVINTIV Acquisition LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Film Products Acquisition Company, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Film Products Company, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Film Products Company, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Global Films, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Global, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Plastics Group, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Global German Holdings GmbH
 Germany
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 65 
 Berry Global Malta Holdings Company Limited
 Malta
 Consumer Packaging Int'l Holdings, LLC
 100.00 
 65 
 Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation V
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation XIV, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Plastics Acquisition LLC X
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Plastics Canada, Inc.
 Canada
 
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 65 
 Berry Plastics de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V.
 Mexico
 
 Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation V
 100.00 
 65 
 Berry Plastics Design, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Plastics Escrow, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Plastics Filmco, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Plastics IK, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Plastics International B.V.
 Netherlands
 
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 65 
 Berry Plastics Opco, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Plastics SP, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Plastics Technical Services, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Venture Packaging, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Specialty Tapes, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Berry Tapes Holding Company, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 BPRex Closure Systems, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 BPRex Closures Kentucky Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 BPRex Closures, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 BPRex de Mexico S.A. de R.L. de CV
 Mexico
 
 Berry Global, Inc. and Berry Plastics Acquisition LLC X (1 share)
 100.00 
 65 
 BPRex Delta Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 BPRex Healthcare Brookville Inc.
 USA
 DE
 BPRex Plastic Packaging, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 BPRex Healthcare Packaging, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 BPRex Plastic Packaging, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 BPRex Plastic Packaging de Mexico S.A. de C.V.
 Mexico
 
 Berry Global, Inc.
 50.00 
 65 1 
 BPRex Plastic Packaging de Mexico S.A. de C.V.
 Mexico
 
 BPRex Healthcare Packaging, Inc.
 50.00 
 
 BPRex Plastic Packaging, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 BPRex Product Design Engineering Inc.
 USA
 MN
 BPRex Healthcare Brookville, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 BPRex Specialty Products Puerto Rico Inc.
 USA
 NJ
 BPRex Plastic Packaging, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Caplas LLC
 USA
 DE
 Captive Plastics LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Caplas Neptune, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Captive Plastics LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Captive Plastics, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Plastics SP, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Cardinal Packaging, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 CPI Holding Corporation
 100.00 
 100 
 Chicopee Asia, Limited
 Hong Kong
 
 Chicopee LLC
 100.00 
 65 
 Chicopee Holdings B.V.
 Netherlands
 
 PGI Europe LLC
 100.00 
 65 
 Chicopee LLC
 USA
 DE
 PGI Polymer LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Chocksett Road Limited Partnership
 USA
 MA
 Berry Global, Inc.
 98 Limited Partnership Interests
 2 General Partnership Interests
 100 
 Chocksett Road Realty Trust
 USA
 MA
 Chocksett Road Limited Partnership
 Sole Beneficiary
 100 
 Berry Holding Company do Brasil Ltda.
 Brazil
 
 Berry Film Products Company, Inc.
 99.99 
 65 2 
 Berry Holding Company do Brasil Ltda.
 Brazil
 
 Berry Global, Inc.
 0.01 
 
 Covalence Specialty Adhesives LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Consumer Packaging Int'l Holdings, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 CPI Holding Corporation
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Dominion Textile (USA), L.L.C.
 USA
 DE
 Chicopee LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Dumpling Rock, LLC
 USA
 MA
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Estero Porch, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 F S Precision Holdings Inc.
 USA
 PA
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 F S Tool Inc.
 USA
 DE
 F S Precision Holdings Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 F S Export Inc.
 USA
 DE
 F S Tool Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Fabrene, Inc.
 Canada
 AVINTIV Inc.
 100.00 
 65 
 Fabrene, L.L.C.
 USA
 DE
 PGI Europe LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Fiberweb, LLC
 USA
 DE
 PGI Europe LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Fiberweb Holdings Ltd.
 UK
 PGI Europe LLC
 100.00 
 65 
 Global Closure Systems America 1, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 RPC Packaging Holdings (US), Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Grafco Industries Limited Partnership
 USA
 MD
 Caplas LLC
 99.00 
 100 
 Grafco Industries Limited Partnership
 USA
 MD
 Caplas Neptune, LLC
 1.00 
 100 
 Grupo de Servicios Berpla, S. de R.L. de C.V.
 Mexico
 
 Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation V
 65.00 
 65 
 Grupo de Servicios Berpla, S. de R.L. de C.V.
 Mexico
 Berry Plastics Acquisition Corporation XIV
 35.00 
 65 
 Kerr Group, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Knight Plastics, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Plastics SP, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Laddawn, Inc.
 USA
 MA
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Lamb s Grove, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Letica Corporation
 USA
 DE
 RPC Leopard Holdings, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Letica Resources, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 RPC Leopard Holdings, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 M H Plastics, LLC
 USA
 VA
 AVINTIV Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Millham, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Old Hickory Steamworks, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Fiberweb, LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Packerware, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Plastics SP, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 PGI Acquisition Limited
 UK
 
 PGI Europe LLC
 100.00 
 65 
 PGI Europe LLC
 USA
 DE
 Chicopee LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 PGI Nonwovens (Mauritius)
 Mauritius
 
 PGI Polymer LLC
 100.00 
 65 
 PGI Polymer LLC
 USA
 DE
 Avintiv Specialty Materials LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 PGI Spain SLU
 Spain
 PGI Europe LLC
 100.00 
 65 
 Pliant de Mexico S.A. de C.V.
 Mexico
 
 Pliant, LLC
 36.03 
 65 
 Pliant International, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Pliant, LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Pliant, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Poly-Seal, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Providencia USA, Inc.
 USA
 NC
 Chicopee LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Rollpak Corporation
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 RPC Bramlage, Inc.
 USA
 PA
 RPC Packaging Holdings (US), Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 RPC Leopard Holdings, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 RPC Packaging Holdings (US), Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 RPC Packaging Holdings (US), Inc.
 USA
 DE
 AVINTIV Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 RPC Superfos US, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 RPC Packaging Holdings (US), Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 RPC Zeller Plastik Libertyville, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Global Closure Systems America 1, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Saffron Acquisition, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Kerr Group, LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Setco, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Kerr Group, LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Sugden, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Sun Coast Industries, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Saffron Acquisition, LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Treasure Holdco, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Uniplast Holdings, LLC
 USA
 DE
 Pliant, LLC
 100.00 
 100 
 Uniplast U.S., Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Uniplast Holdings, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Venture Packaging Midwest, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Venture Packaging, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 
 Venture Packaging, Inc.
 USA
 DE
 Berry Global, Inc.
 100.00 
 100 

1 65 of the aggregate stock of BPRex Plastic Packaging de Mexico S.A. de C.V. is pledged.
 2 65 of the aggregate stock of Berry Holding Company do Brasil Ltda. is pledged.

</EX-22.1>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 ex23_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements:
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-203173) pertaining to the Berry Plastics Group, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan,
 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-224252) pertaining to the Berry Global Group, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan (f/k/a Berry Plastics Group, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan),
 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-255783) pertaining to the Amended and Restated Berry Global Group, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan (f/k/a Berry Plastics Group, Inc. 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan), and
 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-259272) pertaining to the Berry Global Group, Inc. S-4 Registration Statement;
 
 of our reports dated November 26, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Berry Global Group, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Berry Global Group, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Berry Global Group, Inc. for the year ended September 28, 2024.
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP

Indianapolis, Indiana
 November 26, 2024

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.1
 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION
 
 I, Kevin Kwilinski, Chief Executive Officer of Berry Global Group, Inc., certify that:
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Berry Global Group, Inc. (the "Registrant");
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting.
 
 By:
 /s/ Kevin Kwilinski
 Date: November 26, 2024
 Kevin Kwilinski
 Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.2
 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION
 
 I, Mark W. Miles, Chief Financial Officer of Berry Global Group, Inc., certify that:
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Berry Global Group, Inc. (the "Registrant");
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting.
 
 By:
 /s/ Mark W. Miles
 Date: November 26, 2024
 Mark W. Miles
 Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.1
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
 
 In connection with the annual report of Berry Global Group, Inc. (the "Registrant") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Kevin Kwilinski, Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.
 
 /s/ Kevin Kwilinski
 Kevin Kwilinski
 Chief Executive Officer
 
 Date: November 26, 2024

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 ex32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32.2
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
 
 In connection with the annual report of Berry Global Group, Inc. (the "Registrant") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Mark W. Miles, the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.
 
 /s/ Mark W. Miles
 Mark W. Miles
 Chief Financial Officer
 
 Date: November 26, 2024

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 14
 ef20034627_ex97-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 97.1 AMENDED AND RESTATED COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY

Exhibit 97.1

AMENDED AND RESTATED

COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY

Adopted November 1, 2023

Purpose 

The Compensation Talent Development Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of Berry
 Global Group, Inc. (the Company believes that it is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to create and maintain a culture that emphasizes integrity and accountability, and that reinforces
 the Company's pay-for-performance compensation philosophy. The Committee has therefore adopted this Amended and Restated Compensation Recovery Policy (the Policy which provides for the recovery of certain
 executive compensation in accordance with the New York Stock Exchange listing standards effective October 2, 2023 (the Listing Standard ).

Definitions 

For purposes of this Policy, the following terms shall have the following meaning: 

Covered Executives means the Company's current and former executive officers as determined by the Committee in accordance with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and the Listing Standard, and such other senior executives and employees who may from time to time be deemed subject to this Policy by the Committee.

Effective Date means the date this Policy is adopted by
 the Committee.

Incentive Compensation means any cash or equity-based compensation that is Received by a Covered Executive after the effective date of the Listing Standard
 upon the attainment of a performance goal based on one or more of the following measures: (i) any financial reporting measures that are based on accounting principles using the Company s financial statements and any measures derived, wholly or in
 part, from these financial reporting measures, including GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures; (ii) Company stock price; or (iii) Company total shareholder return TSR (each measure referred to as a Financial Goal ). For the avoidance of doubt, a Financial Goal need not be presented in the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the SEC. The Covered
 Executive s cash or equity-based compensation that is based purely on non-financial reporting measures (such as the Covered Executive s salary, discretionary cash bonuses, and time-based vesting stock options and restricted stock) is not Incentive
 Compensation subject to this Policy.

Incentive Compensation is deemed Received in the fiscal period during which the Financial Goal is attained. If an award is subject to multiple vesting
 conditions, it is deemed Received by the Covered Executive during the fiscal period that the Financial Goal is attained, even if payment, vesting or grant of the Incentive Compensation occurs after the end
 of that fiscal period.

Restatement means an event that (i) requires the Company to (A) prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompliance of the
 Company with any financial reporting requirement under the federal securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial
 statements and (B) file an Item 4.02 Form 8-K, or (ii) would result in a material misstatement if the error in previously issued financial statements was corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period.

Triggering Events 

This Policy will be triggered on (the Triggering Event the earlier of:

i. 
 
 The date the Committee or the Company s Chief Financial Officer concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare a Restatement, or

ii. 
 
 The date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Restatement.

Recovery of Compensation 

Upon the occurrence of a Triggering Event, the Company shall recover Incentive Compensation that is Received by a person (i) after beginning service as a Covered Executive, (ii) who served as a Covered Executive an any
 time during the performance period for the applicable Incentive Compensation and (iii) during the three completed fiscal years that immediately precede the date the Company is required to prepare a Restatement and any
 transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) of less than nine months within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years . In the event recovery is required by this Policy, the Committee will, in
 its sole discretion, determine the method for recovering Incentive Compensation for the relevant period, which methods may include, without limitation, one or more of the following:

requiring reimbursement of cash Incentive Compensation previously paid;

offsetting the recovered amount from any compensation otherwise owed by the Company to the Covered Executive;

seeking recovery of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale, transfer, or other disposition of any equity-based awards;

cancelling the payment, grant or vesting of any pending Incentive Compensation award;

cancelling outstanding vested or unvested equity awards; and/or

reverting to unvested any equity-based Incentive Compensation that vested as a result of a Financial Goal being attained.

For the avoidance of doubt, except as set forth under Interpretation and Limitations below, in no event will the Company accept an amount that is less than the amount of erroneously

 awarded Incentive Compensation in satisfaction of a Covered Executive s obligations hereunder. The amount of erroneously awarded Incentive Compensation that is subject to recovery is the amount the Covered
 Executive Received in excess of the amount that would have been Received based on the financial statements following the Restatement. Any erroneously awarded compensation is computed on a pre-tax basis.

For erroneously awarded Incentive Compensation based on TSR or stock price, the recovered amount must be based on a reasonable and documented estimate of the effect of the Restatement on the applicable financial
 measure.

2 

For cash awards, the erroneously awarded Incentive Compensation is the difference between the amount of the cash award (whether payable as a lump sum or over time) that was Received and the amount that should have been
 Received applying the restated financial reporting measure. For cash awards paid from bonus pools, the erroneously awarded Incentive Compensation is the pro rata portion of any deficiency that results from the aggregate bonus pool that is reduced
 based on applying the restated financial reporting measure.

For equity awards, if the shares or equity awards are still held at the time of recovery, the erroneously awarded Incentive Compensation is the number of such securities Received in excess of the number that should
 have been Received applying the restated financial reporting measure (or the value of that excess number). If shares have been issued upon exercise or settlement of the equity awards, but the underlying shares have not been sold, the erroneously
 awarded compensation is the number of shares underlying the excess equity awards (or the value thereof).

The Committee reserves the right, which it shall exercise in its sole discretion, to take any other remedial and recovery action permitted by law for recovery purposes.

Administration 

This Policy shall be administered by the Committee. Any determinations made by the Committee shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. In the event of a Restatement, the Committee shall take reasonably prompt action after the date of the Restatement to determine the amount of any erroneously awarded Incentive Compensation for each Covered Executive in connection with such Restatement and, thereafter,
 shall promptly provide each Covered Executive with a written notice containing the amount of erroneously awarded Incentive Compensation and a demand for repayment or return, as applicable. 

Interpretation and Limitations 

The Committee is authorized to interpret this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate or advisable for the administration of this Policy. The Committee shall consider, among other things, when
 deciding whether to require recovery of compensation under this policy, whether: (i) recovery would violate foreign home country laws; 1 (ii) recovery would be impracticable (e.g., expenses paid to a third
 party to assist in enforcing this Policy against a Covered Executive would exceed the amount to be recovered); 2 or (iii) recovery would be from a tax-qualified plan. 

Notwithstanding the terms of any of the Company s organizational documents, any corporate policy or any contract, the Company shall not indemnify any current or Covered Executive against the risk of enforcement under
 this Policy (including the loss of any erroneously awarded Compensation itself), nor shall it provide any insurance protection against the same.

Amendment; Termination 

The Committee may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to reflect regulations that may be adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission under
 Section 10D of the Exchange Act and to comply with any rules or standards adopted by a national securities exchange on which the Company's shares are listed. The Committee may terminate this Policy at any time.

1 Before determining that recovery would be a violation of any home country law, the Company will obtain an opinion of home country counsel and provide a copy of the opinion in a form acceptable to the
 NYSE. 

2 Before determining that recovery would be impracticable, the Company will make a reasonable attempt to recover, document such attempts, and provided such documentation to the NYSE. 

3 

Other Recovery Rights 

The Committee intends that this Policy will be applied to the fullest extent of the law. The Committee may require that any employment agreement, equity award agreement or similar agreement entered into on or after the
 Effective Date shall, as a condition to the grant of any benefit thereunder, require a Covered Executive to agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, including pursuant to the written acknowledgement in the form set forth on Exhibit A; 
 provided that, failure to provide notice of the Policy or obtain such an agreement or acknowledgement shall have no impact on the applicability or enforceability of this Policy. Any right of recovery under this Policy is in addition to, and not in
 lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any similar policy in any employment agreement, equity award agreement or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available to the
 Company.

Successors 

This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives.

4 

Exhibit A

BERRY GLOBAL GROUP, INC. (the Company 

AMENDED RESTATED COMPENSATION RECOVERY POLICY

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT FORM

By signing below, the undersigned (i) acknowledges and confirms that the undersigned has received and reviewed a copy of the Company s Amended Restated Compensation Recovery Policy (the Policy and (ii) acknowledges and agrees that the undersigned is and will continue to be subject to the Policy and that the Policy will apply both during and after the undersigned s employment with the Company,
 including with respect to any employment agreement, equity award agreement or similar agreement with the undersigned. Further, by signing below, the undersigned agrees to abide by the terms of the Policy, including, without limitation, by returning
 any erroneously awarded Incentive Compensation (as defined in the Policy) to the Company to the extent required by, and in a manner permitted by, the Policy.

Signature

Print Name:

Date:

5 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 bery-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 bery-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 bery-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 bery-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 bery-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

