<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241226_10-K_edgar_data_1636051_0001185185-24-001223.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4037008</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>141204</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>968553</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1027364</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>799172</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1016222</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001185185-24-001223.hdr.sgml : 20241226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241226163034
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001185185-24-001223
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241226

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FUSE GROUP HOLDING INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001636051
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				471017473
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-202948
		FILM NUMBER:		241581400

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		805 W. DUARTE RD. #102
		CITY:			ARCADIA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91007
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5859397588

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		805 W. DUARTE RD. #102
		CITY:			ARCADIA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91007

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FUSE ENTERPRISES INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150309

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001185185-24-001223.txt : 20241226

10-K
 1
 fusegroup20240930_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

fusegroup20240930_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Transition Period from to 

Commission File Number 

. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 	 	 	 	 	 	 (I.R.S. Employer 	 	 	 	 	 incorporation or organization) 	 	 	 	 	 	 Identification Number) 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 , 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 (Address of principal executive offices) 	 	 	 	 	 	 (Zip Code) 	 	 

Registrant s Telephone Number: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 	 	 	 	 	 	 Trading Symbol(s) 	 	 	 	 	 	 Name of each exchange on which registered 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 N/A 	 	 	 	 	 	 N/A 	 	 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

(Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 	 	 	 Accelerated filer 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Smaller reporting company 	 	 	 	 	 Emerging growth company 	 	 	 	 	 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act.) Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the Registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant based upon the closing price of the Registrant s Common Stock as of March 28, 2024, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately (based on 42,161,493 shares of common stock outstanding held by non-affiliates on such date at 0.47 per share). On September 19, 2024, the Company effected a 1-for-5 reverse stock split of the Company s authorized shares of common stock, par value 0.001, accompanied by a corresponding decrease in the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ). 

The number of outstanding shares of Registrant s Common Stock, 0.001 par value, was shares as of December 18, 2024. 

FUSE GROUP HOLDING INC. 

Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2024 

PART I 

ITEM 1 BUSINESS 

5 

ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 

8 

ITEM 1C - CYBERSECURITY 
			 12 

ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 

13 

ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

13 

ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

13 

PART II 

ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

14 

ITEM 6 [Reserved] 

14 

ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

15 

ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

19 

ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

19 

ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

20 

ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

22 

ITEM 9B - OTHER INFORMATION 

23 

ITEM 9C - DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

23 

PART III 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

24 

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

25 

ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

26 

ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

27 

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

27 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

28 

Signature 

30 

NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 Annual Report of Fuse Group Holding Inc. (together with our direct or indirect subsidiaries, we, us, our or the Company includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Other than statements of historical fact, all statements made in this Annual Report are forward-looking, including, but not limited to (a) our projected sales, profitability, and cash flows, (b) our growth strategies, (c) anticipated trends in our industry, (d) our future financing plans and (e) our anticipated needs for working capital. They are generally identifiable by use of the words may, will, should, anticipate, estimate, plans, potential, projects, continuing, ongoing, expects, management believes, we believe, we intend or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that are inherently difficult to predict, which could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from our expectations, forecasts and assumptions. The following important factors, among others, could affect our future results and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements: 

the uncertainty of profitability based upon our history of losses; 

risks related to failure to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis and on acceptable terms to continue as going concern; 

risks related to our development of new business and international operations and currency exchange fluctuations; 

other risks and uncertainties related to our business plan and business strategy. 

Any or all of our forward-looking statements in this report may turn out to be inaccurate. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks or uncertainties. Consequently, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Actual future results may vary materially as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, the risks outlined under Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this filing will in fact occur. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

Our financial statements are stated in United States dollars ) and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. All references to common stock refer to the common shares in our capital stock. 

We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events, changed circumstances or the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

4

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1 BUSINESS 

Overview and History 

Fuse Group Holding Inc. (the Company or Fuse Group or we was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 24, 2013. Fuse Group currently develops business opportunities in the mining, biotech and consulting areas. On December 6, 2016, the Company incorporated Fuse Processing, Inc. Processing in the State of California. Processing seeks business opportunities in mining and is currently investigating potential mining targets in Asia and North America. Fuse Group is the sole shareholder of Processing. In March 2017, Processing acquired 100 ownership of Fuse Trading Limited Trading for HKD1 0.13). Trading had no operations prior to the acquisition by Processing, and Trading was expected to be engaged in mining-related businesses. On April 22, 2022, Processing transferred 100 ownership of Trading to an unrelated third party for HKD1. On May 3, 2018, the Company incorporated Fuse Technology Inc. in the State of Nevada, which changed its name to Fuse Biotech Inc. on November 30, 2020. Fuse Group is the sole shareholder of Fuse Biotech Inc. Fuse Biotech ). Currently, Fuse Biotech seeks business opportunities in the biotech area. 

Fuse Group and Processing provide consulting services to mining industry clients to find acquisition targets within the parameters set by the clients, when the mine owner is considering selling its mining rights. The services of Fuse Group and Processing include due diligence on the potential mine seller and the mine, such as ownership of the mine and whether the mine meets all operation requirements and/or is currently in operation. 

The Company is diversifying its business to new growth area of consulting services, especially in the catering and culinary consulting service business. 

On January 4, 2017, Processing entered into a Consulting and Strategist Agreement with a consulting company for a six-month term. On July 3, 2017, Processing and the consulting company extended the Consulting and Strategist Agreement until January 3, 2018 at no additional cost, and the Agreement was subsequently extended to July 3, 2018. The consultant provides Processing with market research, exploration and advice on business development opportunities in certain countries, and other general business advisory services. Processing paid a deposit of 1,325,000 for the consulting fee, of which, 325,000 was expensed as a consulting fee based on the agreement, and the remaining 1,000,000 of which would have been refunded to the Company if the Company had not made an investment and/or entered into a business relationship in Mexico. The consulting company found acquisition targets for the Company, and on June 22, 2018, the Company entered into a Memorandum of Understanding MOU with a seller to purchase concessions rights to five mineral locations located in different areas of Mexico for 1,000,000. Upon execution of the MOU, the Company acquired the exclusive right to purchase the concessions rights to mines from the seller until September 30, 2018. The parties entered into an oral agreement that the Company would pay a purchase price of 1,000,000 to purchase concessions rights to five mineral locations that would be consolidated into a local company in Mexico upon the approval from the Mexican government allowing the transfer of all mining concession to a Mexican company. 

On February 9, 2021, the Company and Processing entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Agreement with Choo Keam Hui, Goh Hau Guan, Lim Hui Sing, Teh Boon Nee and Tia Chai Teck (collectively as the Sellers ). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company agreed to issue to the Sellers in aggregate of 14,285,715 shares (pre-reverse split shares) of common stock of the Company (the Fuse Shares in exchange of all the outstanding shares of Portafolio en Investigacion Ambiental S.A. de C.V., a Mexican company ("Portafolio owned by the Sellers. Portafolio owns concessions rights to five mineral locations and the five mines have not been explored and have no operations, no existing contracts for the sale of output, no permits or licenses to conduct mining operations. Portafolio only has five concessions to explore for minerals and owns no facilities or equipment. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain the surface rights and permits that are necessary to extract the minerals from the areas covered by the concessions. The Company is waiting for the Sellers to complete the transfer process for the equity interest of Portafolio to the Processing to complete the transaction which is subject to the Mexican government approval and has not happened yet. 

Stock certificates for 14,285,715 shares (pre-reverse split shares) were prepared by the Company for the closing of the transaction contemplated in the Agreement but were not delivered to the Sellers. After reevaluation of the Agreement, the Company determined that the transaction was incorrectly recorded, as such stock certificates remained in the custody of the Company and not delivered (i.e. provided as consideration) to the Sellers. On October 20, 2021, the Company cancelled these stock certificates. 

5

Table of Contents 

On April 29, 2019, the Board of Directors BOD of the Company approved an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation (the Amendment to change its name from Fuse Enterprises Inc. to Fuse Group Holding Inc. Also on April 29, 2019, stockholders holding a majority of the Company s outstanding capital stock approved the Amendment. The Amendment was filed with the Secretary of State for the State of Nevada on April 30, 2019, and became effective on May 13, 2019. On May 29, 2019, the Company changed its trading symbol on OTC Markets from FNST to FUST. 

On September 19, 2024, the Company filed a Certificate of Change with the State of Nevada (the Certificate to effect a 1-for-5 reverse stock split of the Company s authorized shares of common stock, par value 0.001 (the Common Stock ), accompanied by a corresponding decrease in the Company s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (the Reverse Stock Split ), effective upon filing. Following the Reverse Stock Split, the number of authorized shares of Common Stock of the Company shall be reduced from 375,000,000 to 75,000,000. 

On March 11, 2021, Fuse Group and Fuse Biotech entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with E-Mo Biotech Holding Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Nevada (the E-Mo Biotech ), Qiyi Xie, a resident of California Xie ), Quan Qinghua, a citizen and resident of China Quan ), Jing Li, a citizen and resident of China Li and HWG Capital Sdn Bhd, a company incorporated under laws of Malaysia HWG and hereinafter collectively with Xie, Quan and Li, the Sellers ). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company will issue the Sellers 100,000,000 shares (pre-reverse split shares) of Company s common stock (the Fuse Shares for all the issued and outstanding shares of E-Mo Biotech (the E-Mo Shares owned by the Sellers. E-Mo Biotech Holding Inc. is a start-up, development-stage company involving in vaccine, immunological treatment and diagnostic product research and development and has no commercial sales of vaccines, treatments, or diagnostic products. The acquisition was not completed, and the Fuse Shares were not issued. On September 30, 2021, the Company and Fuse Biotech entered into a Termination Agreement with E-Mo Biotech, the Sellers, effective on September 30, 2021. Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, the parties agreed to terminate the Share Exchange Agreement, which was originally entered into by and among the Company, Fuse Biotech, the Sellers and E-Mo Biotech on March 11, 2021. 

On June 30, 2023, the Company received a written notice from Liu Marketing (M) SDN BHD (the Lender ), pursuant to certain Convertible Promissory Notes made by the Company in favor of Lender on February 15, 2022, March 23, 2022, June 9, 2022, July 1, 2022, August 19, 2022, October 6, 2022, November 7, 2022, December 16, 2022, January 30, 2023, February 24, 2023, April 10, 2023 and May 29, 2023 (the Notes ), that the Lender elected to convert all of the Notes balances (including principal and interest of the Notes) of 716,767 for 1,592,816 shares of common stock of the Company (the Shares at the conversion price of 0.45 per share. On July 7, 2023, the Shares were issued to the Lender pursuant to an exemption from registration under Regulation S, promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

On December 13, 2023, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement (the Agreement with Beijing Jixiang Fengqi Tech Company Limited, a company organized under the laws of China (the Customer ). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company will provide consulting services to the Customer, including marketing research, competitive analysis and business development strategy in North America as well as marketing strategies, product development, identifying and partnering with local businesses or distributors and other general business advisory services. The Agreement has a term of one year from December 13th, 2023 to December 12th, 2024 and may be renewed by the parties. For the services rendered by the Company as required by the Agreement, the Customer agrees to pay a service fee to the Company of 10,000 per month, payable monthly. The Company is in the process to renew the Agreement with the Customer. 

On December 28, 2023, the Company entered into a Letter of Intent LOI with Beijing Catering Inc., a company incorporated in California (the Beijing Catering and Fengyuan Jia, an individual and shareholder owns 100 equity interest of Beijing Catering (the Seller ). Beijing Catering owns and operates a Yomie Yogurt store in California, and Seller intends to sell, and the Company intends to purchase from the Seller, all issued and outstanding equity interest of Beijing Catering at the total purchase price to be negotiated by the parties and confirmed in the definitive agreement. The LOI is intended to reflect the parties agreement on terms, but is not intended to be binding as it is subject to the due diligence and execution of definitive documents, except for the provisions of Confidentiality and Governing Law . The parties plan to close the transaction no later than 120 days from the date of the LOI, unless mutually extended by the parties. The LOI terminates if the closing does not occur before the 120 days period or has not been extended or if either party provides a written notice of termination to other parties. On April 25, 2024, the parties entered into a LOI Extension Agreement to extend the deadline for the closing of potential acquisition to May 31, 2024. The potential acquisition of Beijing Catering has not been closed on or before May 31, 2024 and parties did not reach an agreement to further extend the deadline. Pursuant to the LOI, it has expired and terminated as of May 31, 2024. 

On May 15, 2024, the Company received a written notice from Liu Marketing (M) SDN BHD (the Lender ), pursuant to certain Convertible Promissory Note made by the Company in favor of Lender on June 29, 2023 (the Note ), that the Lender elected to convert all of the Note balances (including principal and interest of the Note) of 51,319 for 114,043 shares (pre-reverse split shares) of common stock of the Company (the Shares at the conversion price of 0.45 per share. 

6

Table of Contents 

Research and Development Activities 

Other than time spent researching our business development, we have not spent any funds on research and development activities to date. We do not currently plan to spend any funds on research and development activities in the near future. 

We are not aware of any environmental laws that have been enacted, nor are we aware of any such laws contemplated for the future, that affect our current operations. 

Human Capital Resources 

We understand that our success depends on our ability to attract, train and retain our employees. We strive to attract, recruit, and retain employees through competitive compensation and benefit programs, and development opportunities that support career growth and advancement opportunities, and employee engagement initiatives that foster a strong Company culture. The success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety and wellness of our employees. 

Employees 

As of the date of this Annual Report we have two employees, all of which are full-time. Our officers and directors are responsible for planning, developing and operational duties, and will continue to do so throughout the early stages of our growth. 

Reports to Securities Holders 

We file an annual report that includes audited financial information which is available to our shareholders. We will make our financial information equally available to any interested parties or investors through compliance with the disclosure rules for a small business issuer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We are subject to disclosure filing requirements including filing Form 10-K annually and Form 10-Q quarterly. In addition, we will file Forms 8-K from time to time as required. We do not intend to voluntarily file the above reports if our obligation to file such reports is suspended under the Exchange Act. The shareholders and public may read and copy any materials that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC or Commission ), at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549. 

The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

7

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 

An investment in the Company s common stock involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the following risk factors, you should carefully consider the risks, uncertainties and assumptions discussed herein, and in other documents that the Company subsequently files with the SEC, that update, supplement or supersede such information for which documents are incorporated by reference into this Report. Additional risks not presently known to the Company, or which the Company considers immaterial based on information currently available, may also materially adversely affect the Company s business. If any of the events anticipated by the risks described herein occur, the Company s business, cash flow, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected, which could result in a decline in the market price of the Company s common stock, causing you to lose all or part of your investment. 

We are a smaller reporting company and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies will make our shares of common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are currently a smaller reporting company , meaning we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company and have a public float of less than 250 million and annual revenues of less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. Smaller reporting companies are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting; and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings, including, among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. 

Decreased disclosures in our SEC filings due to our status as a smaller reporting company may make it harder for investors to analyze the Company s results of operations and financial prospects. 

We lack an operating history. There is no assurance our future operations will result in profitable revenues. If we cannot generate sufficient revenues to operate profitably, our business will fail. 

We were incorporated on December 24, 2013, and as of September 30, 2024, we had accumulated a deficit of 7,949,380. We have a limited operating history upon which an evaluation of our future success or failure can be made. Based upon current plans, we expect to continue generating revenues. However, our revenues may not be sufficient to cover our operating costs. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in generating significant revenues in the future. Failure to achieve a sustainable sales level will cause us to go out of business. 

Our success depends substantially on the continued retention of certain key personnel and our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel in the future to support our growth. 

If our senior executive or other key personnel are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, our business may be disrupted and our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. We are dependent upon Mr. Umesh Patel, our chief executive officer CEO and chief financial officer CFO and director. The loss of the service of Mr. Patel for any reason could significantly adversely impact our business and results of operations. Competition for senior management in the U.S. is intense and the pool of qualified candidates is very limited. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that the services of our senior executive and other key personnel will continue to be available to us, or that we will be able to find a suitable replacement for them if they were to leave. 

We face intense competition in our industry. If we are unable to compete successfully, our business will be seriously harmed. 

The market for mining, catering and culinary consulting services is highly competitive and has low barriers to entry. Our competitors vary in size and in the variety of services they offer. Many of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, and an established client base. These competitors may be able to adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. They may also be able to devote greater resources to the promotion and sales of their services than we can, or may adopt more aggressive pricing policies. If we fail to compete successfully against our competitors, our revenue could decline and our business could be harmed. 

We don t have an audit committee. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results. As a result, current and potential shareholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our stock. 

Management determined our internal audit function is also deficient due to insufficient qualified resources to perform internal audits and we have not established an Audit Committee of our Board of Directors BOD ). 

8

Table of Contents 

We are a smaller reporting company with limited resources. Currently, we do not have an audit committee and has not implemented appropriate information technology controls and is lack of sufficient accounting personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience and training in U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting requirements as we have given priority in the use of the limited resources to the development of our business. Therefore, we cannot assure investors that we will be able to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. For these reasons, we are considering the costs and benefits associated with improving and documenting our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls and procedures, which includes (i) hiring additional personnel with sufficient U.S. GAAP experience and (ii) implementing ongoing training in U.S. GAAP requirements for our accounting and other finance personnel. If the result of these efforts are not successful, or if material weaknesses are identified in our internal control over financial reporting, our management will be unable to report favorably as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and/or our disclosure controls and procedures, and we could be required to further implement expensive and time-consuming remedial measures and potentially lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports which could have an adverse effect on our stock price and potentially subject us to litigation. 

We do not have a majority of independent directors on our Board and the Company has not voluntarily implemented various corporate governance measures, in the absence of which shareholders may have more limited protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters. 

Federal legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures designed to promote the integrity of the corporate management and the securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted in response to legal requirements. Others have been adopted by companies in response to the requirements of national securities exchanges, such as the NYSE or the NASDAQ Stock Market, on which their securities are listed. Among the corporate governance measures that are required under the rules of national securities exchanges are those that address board of directors independence, audit committee oversight, and the adoption of a code of ethics. We have not yet adopted any of these other corporate governance measures and since our securities are not yet listed on a national securities exchange, we are not required to do so. 

Our BOD is comprised of two individuals, one of whom is also our executive officer. 

We have not adopted corporate governance measures such as an audit or other independent committee of our Board. If we expand our Board membership in future periods to include additional independent directors, we may seek to establish an audit and other committees of our Board. It is possible that if our BOD included independent directors and if we were to adopt some or all of these corporate governance measures, shareholders would benefit from somewhat greater assurance that internal corporate decisions were being made by disinterested directors and that policies had been implemented to define responsible conduct. 

For example, at present in the absence of audit, nominating and compensation committees comprised of independent directors, decisions concerning matters such as compensation packages or employment contracts to our senior officers are made by a majority of directors who have an interest in the outcome of the matters being decided. However, as a general rule, the Board, in making its decisions, determines first that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us that those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. The Company executes the transaction between executive officers and the Company once it was approved by the BOD. 

Prospective investors should bear in mind our current lack of corporate governance measures in formulating their investment decisions. 

Landbond Home Limited, our largest shareholder, will have control over key decision making as a result of its control of a substantial amount of our voting stock. 

As of December 18, 2024, Landbond Home Limited Landbond ), and its sole director, Mr. Yong Zhang, directly and indirectly owned 4,209,373 shares, or 31.7 , of our then outstanding common stock. Landbond s beneficial ownership of 31.7 of our issued and outstanding common stock give it significant influence to the outcome of matters submitted to shareholders for approval in the future, including the election of directors and any merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of their respective assets. This concentrated ownership could delay, defer, or prevent a change of control, merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of their respective assets that other shareholders support, or conversely this concentrated control could result in the consummation of such a transaction that other shareholders do not support. This concentrated ownership could also discourage a potential investor from acquiring our common stock, due to the limited voting power of such shares. As a shareholder, even a major shareholder, Landbond is entitled to vote its shares in its own interests, which may not always be in the interests of our shareholders generally. 

9

Table of Contents 

The Company is subject to the 15(d) reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which does not require a company to file all the same reports and information as fully reporting company. 

Pursuant to Section 15(d), we are required to file periodic reports with the SEC, such as annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K. That filing obligation will generally apply even if our reporting obligations have been suspended automatically under section 15(d) of the Exchange Act prior to the due date for the Form 10-K. 

On the first day of any fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 and provided the Company has fewer than 300 shareholders, the Company is not required to file these reports. If the reports are not filed, the investors will have reduced visibility as to the Company and its financial condition. In addition, as a filer subject to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Company is not required to prepare proxy or information statements; our common stock will not be subject to the protection of the going private regulations; the company will be subject to only limited portions of the tender offer rules; our officers, directors, and more than ten percent shareholders are not required to file beneficial ownership reports about their holdings in our company; that these persons will not be subject to the short-swing profit recovery provisions of the Exchange Act; and that more than five percent holders of classes of your equity securities will not be required to report information about their ownership positions in the securities. 

An occurrence of an uncontrollable event such as the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively affect our operations and financial results. 

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, causing a disease referred to as COVID-19, was reported and has spread to multiple countries, including the United States. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic. The pandemic has resulted in quarantines, travel restrictions, and the temporary closure of office buildings and facilities in the US. 

Our business and services and results of operations have been adversely affected and could continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The effects of quarantines, travel restrictions, and the temporary closure of office buildings have negatively impacted our business development, and disrupted or delayed our current mine projects and services to our clients during the outbreak. These and similar, and perhaps more severe, disruptions in our operations could negatively impact our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Quarantines, travel restrictions, shelter-in-place and other restrictions related to COVID-19 have impacted our abilities to visit mines in Mexico and Asian counties as well as meeting with potential clients and miner owners for our consulting business and our own investment in mine projects during the outbreak. 

The global economy was materially negatively affected by COVID-19 and it is difficult to predict any new variants or outbreak of COVID-19, however, a widespread pandemic could result in significant disruption of global financial markets, reducing our ability to access capital, which could negatively affect our liquidity. In addition, a recession or market correction resulting from the outbreak of a pandemic could materially affect our business and the value of our common stock. 

Further, as we do not have access to a revolving credit facility, there can be no assurance that we would be able to secure commercial debt financing in the future in the event that we require additional capital. We currently believe that our financial resources will be adequate to see us through the next 12 months. However, in the event that we do need to raise capital in the future, the outbreak-related instability in the securities markets could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital. 

In general, our business could be adversely affected by the effects of epidemics, including, but not limited to, COVID-19, avian influenza, severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), the influenza A virus, the Ebola virus, or other outbreaks. In response to an epidemic or other outbreaks, government and other organizations may adopt regulations and policies that could lead to severe disruption to our daily operations, including temporary closure of our offices and other facilities. These severe conditions may cause us and/or our business partners to make internal adjustments, including but not limited to, temporarily closing down business, limiting business hours, and setting restrictions on travel and/or visits with clients and partners for a prolonged period of time. Various impacts arising from severe conditions may cause business disruption, resulting in material adverse effects to our financial condition and results of operations. 

10

Table of Contents 

If our costs and demands upon management increase disproportionately to the growth of our business and revenue as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies, our operating results could be harmed. 

As a public company, we do and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses, including costs associated with public company reporting requirements. We also have incurred and will incur costs associated with current corporate governance requirements, including requirements under Section 404 and other provisions of Sarbanes-Oxley, as well as rules implemented by the SEC and the OTC Markets on which our common stock is traded. The expenses incurred by public companies for reporting and corporate governance purposes have increased dramatically over the past several years. These rules and regulations have increased our legal and financial compliance costs substantially and make some activities more time consuming and costly. If our costs and demands upon management increase disproportionately to the growth of our business and revenue, our operating results could be harmed. 

We do not intend to pay dividends and there may be fewer ways in which you can make a gain on any investment in the Company. 

We have never paid any cash dividends and currently do not intend to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future. To the extent that we require additional funding currently not provided for in our financing plan, our funding sources may likely prohibit the payment of a dividend. Because we do not intend to declare dividends, any gain on an investment in the Company will need to come through appreciation of the stock s price. 

We may engage in future acquisitions involving significant expenditures of cash, the incurrence of debt or the issuance of stock, all of which could have a materially adverse effect on our operating results. 

As part of our business strategy, we review acquisition and strategic investment prospects that we believe would offer strategic growth opportunities. From time to time, we review investments in new businesses and we expect to make investments in, and to acquire, businesses, products or technologies in the future. In the event of future acquisitions, we may expend significant cash, incur substantial debt and/or issue equity securities and dilute the percentage ownership of current shareholders, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and the price of our common stock. We cannot guarantee we will be able to successfully integrate any businesses, products, technologies or personnel that we may acquire in the future, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

There is a very limited public market for our common stock and therefore, our investors may not be able to sell their shares. 

Our common stock is listed on the over-the-counter exchange, and is thinly traded. As a result, shareholders may be unable to liquidate their investments, or may encounter considerable delay in selling shares of our common stock. If an active trading market does develop, the market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile due to, among other things, the nature of our business and because we are a public company with a limited operating history. Further, even if a public market develops, the volume of trading in our common stock will presumably be limited and likely be dominated by a few individual shareholders. The limited volume, if any, will make the price of our common stock subject to manipulation by one or more shareholders and will significantly limit the number of shares that one can purchase or sell in a short period of time. The market price of our common stock may also fluctuate significantly in response to the following factors, most of which are beyond our control: 

- variations in our quarterly operating results; 

- changes in general economic conditions; 

- price competition or pricing changes by us or our competitors; 

- new services offerings or other actions by our competitors; 

- loss of a major customer, partner or joint venture participant; and 

- the addition or loss of key managerial and collaborative personnel. 

The equity markets have, on occasion, experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market prices for many companies securities and that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. 

Any such fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. As a result, shareholders may be unable to sell their shares, or may be forced to sell them at a loss. 

11

Table of Contents 

Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our business operations, result in the loss of confidential information and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. 

Global cybersecurity threats can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to our emails or files to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats. Cybersecurity incidents, depending on their nature and scope, could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption or unavailability of data and confidential or proprietary information (our own or that of third parties) and the disruption of business operations. While no cybersecurity attack to date has had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, the threat remains and the potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. 

Our common stock was accepted for quotation on the OTCQB, as a result, the application of the Penny Stock rules could adversely affect the market price of our common shares and increase your transaction costs to sell those shares. The SEC has Rule 3A51-1, which establishes the definition of a Penny Stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has market price of less than 5.00 per share or within an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, Rule 15G-9 require: 

- that a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks; and 

- the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

In order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: 

- obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person; and 

- make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: 

- sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and 

- that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. 

ITEM 1C CYBERSECURITY 

As a smaller reporting company with limited business, we currently do not have formalized cybersecurity measures, a dedicated cybersecurity team or specific protocols in place to manage cybersecurity risks. As of the date of this report, we have not adopted an incident response plan as our only access to internet is the use of email account by large websites such as google and yahoo. Our business is managed by only one person, Mr. Umesh Patel, our Chief Executive Office, Chief Financial Officer and director and he is the person oversea our cybersecurity as well. We have a small board with two members including Mr. Patel, who will report and discuss the updates on cybersecurity matters, including material risks and threats to another non-executive director of the board. 

Given our current stage of cybersecurity development, we have not experienced any significant cybersecurity incidents to date. However, we recognize that the absence of a formalized cybersecurity framework may leave us vulnerable to cyberattacks, data breaches and other cybersecurity incidents. Such events could potentially lead to unauthorized access to, or disclosure of business information, result in litigation costs and negatively impact our reputation among customers and partners. 

As of the date of this report, the Company is not aware of any cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including its business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition and that are required to be reported in this report. For further discussion of the risks associated with cybersecurity incidents, see the cybersecurity risk factors in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this report. 

12

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 

We lease office space in Arcadia, California for monthly rent of approximately 2,200 pursuant to a lease with a term from December 31, 2018 to November 30, 2021. On February 28, 2022, the Company renewed lease for three more years, commencing on December 1, 2021. The new monthly base rent is 2,243 payable on the first day of each month, with a 6 increase each year. The lease has expired on November 30, 2024. The Company is currently negotiating with the landlord for the renewal of the lease. 

ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We may from time to time be party to litigation and subject to claims incident to the ordinary course of business. As we grow and gain prominence in the marketplace we may become party to an increasing number of litigation matters and claims. The outcome of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, and the resolution of these matters could materially affect our future results of operations, cash flows or financial position. We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings. 

ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

13

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

On August 8, 2016, our common stock was approved for trading on OTCQB under the trading symbol FSNT. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our stock. On May 29, 2019, the Company changed its trading symbol on OTC Markets from FNST to FUST. 

Holders. 

As of December 18, 2024, there were 78 record holders of the Company s common stock and 13,297,143 shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

Dividends. 

The Company has not paid any cash dividends to date and does not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the present intention of management to utilize all available funds for the development of the Company s business. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 

The Company did not make any sales of unregistered securities during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 that were not previously disclosed in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or a current report on Form 8-K. 

ITEM 6 [RESERVED] 

14

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

DISCLAIMER REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in the Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly under the heading Risk Factors and those set forth from time to time in our other filings with the SEC. 

Overview 

Fuse Group Holding Inc. (the Company or Fuse Group or we was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 24, 2013. Fuse Group currently develops business opportunities in the mining, biotech and consulting areas. On December 6, 2016, the Company incorporated Fuse Processing, Inc. Processing in the State of California. Processing seeks business opportunities in mining and is currently investigating potential mining targets in Asia and North America. Fuse Group is the sole shareholder of Processing. In March 2017, Processing acquired 100 ownership of Fuse Trading Limited Trading for HKD1 0.13). Trading had no operations prior to the acquisition by Processing, and Trading was expected to be engaged in mining-related businesses. On April 22, 2022, Processing transferred 100 ownership of Trading to an unrelated third party for HKD1. On May 3, 2018, the Company incorporated Fuse Technology Inc. in the State of Nevada, which changed its name to Fuse Biotech Inc. on November 30, 2020. Fuse Group is the sole shareholder of Fuse Biotech Inc. Fuse Biotech ). Currently, Fuse Biotech seeks business opportunities in the biotech area. 

Fuse Group and Processing provide consulting services to mining industry clients to find acquisition targets within the parameters set by the clients, when the mine owner is considering selling its mining rights. The services of Fuse Group and Processing include due diligence on the potential mine seller and the mine, such as ownership of the mine and whether the mine meets all operation requirements and/or is currently in operation. 

The Company is diversifying its business to new growth area of consulting services, especially in the catering and culinary consulting service business. 

On January 4, 2017, Processing entered into a Consulting and Strategist Agreement with a consulting company for a six-month term. On July 3, 2017, Processing and the consulting company extended the Consulting and Strategist Agreement until January 3, 2018 at no additional cost, and the Agreement was subsequently extended to July 3, 2018. The consultant provides Processing with market research, exploration and advice on business development opportunities in certain countries, and other general business advisory services. Processing paid a deposit of 1,325,000 for the consulting fee, of which, 325,000 was expensed as a consulting fee based on the agreement, and the remaining 1,000,000 of which would have been refunded to the Company if the Company had not made an investment and/or entered into a business relationship in Mexico. The consulting company found acquisition targets for the Company, and on June 22, 2018, the Company entered into a Memorandum of Understanding MOU with a seller to purchase concessions rights to five mineral locations located in different areas of Mexico for 1,000,000. Upon execution of the MOU, the Company acquired the exclusive right to purchase the concessions rights to mines from the seller until September 30, 2018. The parties entered into an oral agreement that the Company would pay a purchase price of 1,000,000 to purchase concessions rights to five mineral locations that would be consolidated into a local company in Mexico upon the approval from the Mexican government allowing the transfer of all mining concession to a Mexican company. 

On February 9, 2021, the Company and Processing entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Agreement with Choo Keam Hui, Goh Hau Guan, Lim Hui Sing, Teh Boon Nee and Tia Chai Teck (collectively as the Sellers ). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company agreed to issue to the Sellers in aggregate of 14,285,715 shares (pre-reverse split shares) of common stock of the Company (the Fuse Shares in exchange of all the outstanding shares of Portafolio en Investigacion Ambiental S.A. de C.V., a Mexican company ("Portafolio owned by the Sellers. Portafolio owns concessions rights to five mineral locations and the five mines have not been explored and have no operations, no existing contracts for the sale of output, no permits or licenses to conduct mining operations. Portafolio only has five concessions to explore for minerals and owns no facilities or equipment. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain the surface rights and permits that are necessary to extract the minerals from the areas covered by the concessions. The Company is waiting for the Sellers to complete the transfer process for the equity interest of Portafolio to the Processing to complete the transaction which is subject to the Mexican government approval and has not happened yet. 

15

Table of Contents 

Stock certificates for 14,285,715 shares (pre-reverse split shares) were prepared by the Company for the closing of the transaction contemplated in the Agreement but were not delivered to the Sellers. After reevaluation of the Agreement, the Company determined that the transaction was incorrectly recorded, as such stock certificates remained in the custody of the Company and not delivered (i.e. provided as consideration) to the Sellers. On October 20, 2021, the Company cancelled these stock certificates. 

On April 29, 2019, the Board of Directors BOD of the Company approved an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation (the Amendment to change its name from Fuse Enterprises Inc. to Fuse Group Holding Inc. Also on April 29, 2019, stockholders holding a majority of the Company s outstanding capital stock approved the Amendment. The Amendment was filed with the Secretary of State for the State of Nevada on April 30, 2019, and became effective on May 13, 2019. On May 29, 2019, the Company changed its trading symbol on OTC Markets from FNST to FUST. 

On September 19, 2024, the Company filed a Certificate of Change with the State of Nevada (the Certificate to effect a 1-for-5 reverse stock split of the Company s authorized shares of common stock, par value 0.001 (the Common Stock ), accompanied by a corresponding decrease in the Company s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (the Reverse Stock Split ), effective upon filing. Following the Reverse Stock Split, the number of authorized shares of Common Stock of the Company shall be reduced from 375,000,000 to 75,000,000. 

In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic, and the pandemic has resulted in quarantines, travel restrictions, and the temporary closure of office buildings and facilities in the US. Our business and services and results of operations were adversely affected during the outbreak of COVID-19. The pandemic negatively impacted our business development, and disrupted or delayed our mine projects and services to our clients. Quarantines, travel restrictions, shelter-in-place and other restrictions related to COVID-19 impacted our abilities to visit mines in Mexico and Asian counties as well as to meet with potential clients and mine owners for our consulting business and our own investment in mine projects. The businesses are back to normal in the U.S. and in California, however, the U.S. and global growth forecast are still uncertain, which would seriously affect people s investment desires in mines in Mexico, Asia and internationally. 

We received a 49,600 Paycheck Protection Program loan PPP loan and a 105,500 Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL loan from US Small Business Administration the SBA during the year ended September 30, 2020. The forgiveness of 49,600 PPP loan was approved in June 2021. 

On March 11, 2021, Fuse Group and Fuse Biotech entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with E-Mo Biotech Holding Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Nevada (the E-Mo Biotech ), Qiyi Xie, a resident of California Xie ), Quan Qinghua, a citizen and resident of China Quan ), Jing Li, a citizen and resident of China Li and HWG Capital Sdn Bhd, a company incorporated under laws of Malaysia HWG and hereinafter collectively with Xie, Quan and Li, the Sellers ). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company will issue the Sellers 100,000,000 shares (pre-reverse split shares) of Company s common stock (the Fuse Shares for all the issued and outstanding shares of E-Mo Biotech (the E-Mo Shares owned by the Sellers. E-Mo Biotech Holding Inc. is a start-up, development-stage company involving in vaccine, immunological treatment and diagnostic product research and development and has no commercial sales of vaccines, treatments, or diagnostic products. The acquisition was not completed, and the Fuse Shares were not issued. On September 30, 2021, the Company and Fuse Biotech entered into a Termination Agreement with E-Mo Biotech, the Sellers, effective on September 30, 2021. Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, the parties agreed to terminate the Share Exchange Agreement, which was originally entered into by and among the Company, Fuse Biotech, the Sellers and E-Mo Biotech on March 11, 2021. 

On June 30, 2023, the Company received a written notice from Liu Marketing (M) SDN BHD (the Lender ), pursuant to certain Convertible Promissory Notes made by the Company in favor of Lender on February 15, 2022, March 23, 2022, June 9, 2022, July 1, 2022, August 19, 2022, October 6, 2022, November 7, 2022, December 16, 2022, January 30, 2023, February 24, 2023, April 10, 2023 and May 29, 2023 (the Notes ), that the Lender elected to convert all of the Notes balances (including principal and interest of the Notes) of 716,767 for 1,592,816 shares of common stock of the Company (the Shares at the conversion price of 0.45 per share. On July 7, 2023, the Shares were issued to the Lender pursuant to an exemption from registration under Regulation S, promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

On December 13, 2023, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement (the Agreement with Beijing Jixiang Fengqi Tech Company Limited, a company organized under the laws of China (the Customer ). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company will provide consulting services to the Customer, including marketing research, competitive analysis and business development strategy in North America as well as marketing strategies, product development, identifying and partnering with local businesses or distributors and other general business advisory services. The Agreement had a term of one year from December 13th, 2023 to December 12th, 2024 and may be renewed by the parties. For the services rendered by the Company as required by the Agreement, the Customer agrees to pay a service fee to the Company of 10,000 per month, payable monthly. The Company is in the process to renew the Agreement with the Customer. 

16

Table of Contents 

On December 28, 2023, the Company entered into a Letter of Intent LOI with Beijing Catering Inc., a company incorporated in California (the Beijing Catering and Fengyuan Jia, an individual and shareholder owns 100 equity interest of Beijing Catering (the Seller ). Beijing Catering owns and operates a Yomie Yogurt store in California, and Seller intends to sell, and the Company intends to purchase from the Seller, all issued and outstanding equity interest of Beijing Catering at the total purchase price to be negotiated by the parties and confirmed in the definitive agreement. The LOI is intended to reflect the parties agreement on terms, but is not intended to be binding as it is subject to the due diligence and execution of definitive documents, except for the provisions of Confidentiality and Governing Law . The parties plan to close the transaction no later than 120 days from the date of the LOI, unless mutually extended by the parties. The LOI terminates if the closing does not occur before the 120 days period or has not been extended or if either party provides a written notice of termination to other parties. On April 25, 2024, the parties entered into a LOI Extension Agreement to extend the deadline for the closing of potential acquisition to May 31, 2024. The potential acquisition of Beijing Catering has not been closed on or before May 31, 2024 and parties did not reach an agreement to further extend the deadline. Pursuant to the LOI, it has expired and terminated as of May 31, 2024. 

On May 15, 2024, the Company received a written notice from Liu Marketing (M) SDN BHD (the Lender ), pursuant to certain Convertible Promissory Note made by the Company in favor of Lender on June 29, 2023 (the Note ), that the Lender elected to convert all of the Note balances (including principal and interest of the Note) of 51,319 for 114,043 shares (pre-reverse split shares) of common stock of the Company (the Shares at the conversion price of 0.45 per share. 

Results of operations for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Revenue and Cost of Revenue 

We develop our business in mining and investigate potential mining targets in Asia and North America. In addition to our own investment in mining businesses, we provide consulting services to clients which are mining business investors with potential mine acquisition targets within the specific parameters set by those clients, where the mine owner is considering selling its mining rights. Our services include due diligence on the potential mine seller and the mine, such as ownership of the mine and whether the mine meets all operation requirements and/or is currently in operation. We also provide consulting services for the business development in the U.S., especially in the catering and culinary consulting services business. 

For the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded revenue of 332,024 for the services provided. Our revenue for the year ended September 30, 2023 was nil. Our cost of revenues for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was nil and nil, respectively, resulting in a gross profit of 332,024 and nil for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Costs and Expenses 

The major components of our expenses for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are in the table below: 

2024 

2023 

Increase 

			 (Decrease) 

General and administrative 

345,710 

393,119 

(47,409 

Consulting fees 

19,667 

62,000 

(42,333 

Total operating expenses 

365,377 

455,119 

(89,742 

The decrease in our operating expenses for the year ended September 30, 2024, compared to the year ended September 30, 2023, was mainly due to decrease in auditing fee by 22,000, a decrease in payroll expense by 12,501, a decrease in travel expense by 7,270, and a decrease in professional fee by 5,594. 

17

Table of Contents 

Non-operating income (expenses), net 

Net non-operating expense was 4,608 for the year ended September 30, 2024, compared to net non-operating expenses was 17,283 for the year ended September 30, 2023. For the year ended September 30, 2024, non-operating income mainly consisted of interest expense on EIDL of 4,167 and interest expense on convertible notes of 937, which was partly offset by other income of 496. For the year ended September 30, 2023, non-operating expenses mainly consisted of interest expense on EIDL of 4,600 and interest expense on convertible notes of 12,683. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The table below provides selected working capital information as of September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

September 30, 2024 

September 30, 2023 

Total current assets 

85,374 

39,256 

Total current liabilities 

152,786 

93,134 

Working capital (deficit) 

(67,412 

(53,878 

Liquidity 

During the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had net loss of 40,361 and net loss of 474,802, respectively. 

If we are not successful in developing the mining and consulting service business and establishing profitability and positive cash flow, additional capital may be required to maintain ongoing operations. We have explored and continue to explore options to obtain additional financing to fund future operations as well as other possible courses of action. Such actions may include, but are not limited to, securing lines of credit, sales of debt or equity securities (which may result in dilution to existing shareholders), loans and cash advances from other third parties or banks, and other similar actions. There can be no assurance we will be able to obtain additional funding (if needed), on acceptable terms or at all, through a sale of our common stock, loans from financial institutions, or other third parties, or any of the actions discussed above. If we cannot sustain profitable operations, and additional capital is unavailable, lack of liquidity could have a material adverse effect on our business viability, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

Cash Flows 

The table below, for the periods indicated, provides selected cash flow information for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

2024 

2023 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(60,009 

(439,770 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

101,022 

433,362 

Net increase in cash 

41,013 

(6,408 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Our cash used in operating activities for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 60,009 and 439,770, respectively. The decrease in cash outflow during the year ended September 30, 2024 was mainly due to decreased cash outflow resulted from a decrease in net loss by 434,441, but partly offset by a decreased cash inflow on accrued interest by 11,746, increased cash outflow on other payables by 40,345, and increased cash outflow on payment of lease liability by 1,541. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

During the years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, we did not have any investing activities. 

18

Table of Contents 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Our cash provided by financing activities for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was 101,022 and 433,362, respectively. For the year ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by financing activities consisted of cash advance from our CEO which was 103,550 for Company s working capital needs, which was partly offset by repayment to EIDL loan of 2,528. For the year ended September 30, 2023, cash provided by financing activities consisted of proceeds from issuance of convertible notes of 400,000, and cash advance from CEO of 35,973, which was partly offset by repayment to EIDL loan of 2,611. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any off-balance-sheet arrangements. 

ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The information called for by this item is included in the Company s consolidated financial statements beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

19

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Changes in Registrant s Certifying Accountant 

(A) On April 5, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the dismissal of Paris, Kreit Chiu CPA LLP Paris Kreit as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, effective immediately. 

Paris Kreit s audit reports on the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles, except that the audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 contained an uncertainty about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, and in the subsequent interim period through April 4, 2022, there were (i) no disagreements between the Company and Paris Kreit on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Paris Kreit, would have caused Paris Kreit to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in their reports on the financial statements for such years, and (ii) no reportable events as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K, except as noted in the following paragraph: 

During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, and through the interim period ended April 4, 2022, there were the following reportable events (as such term is defined in Item 304 of Regulation S-K). As disclosed in Part I, Item 4 of the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2021, the Company s management determined that the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of the end of such period due to the existence of material weaknesses related to the following: 

1. We do not have an Audit Committee. While we are not legally obligated to have an audit committee, it is the management s view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is of the utmost importance for entity-level control over the Company s financial statements. Currently, the Board of Directors acts in the capacity of an audit committee. 

2. We did not implement appropriate information technology controls. As of December 31, 2021, the Company was retaining copies of all financial data and material agreements; however there is no formal procedure or evidence of normal backup of the Company s data or off-site storage of the data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due to unmitigated factors. 

3. We currently lack sufficient accounting personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience and training in U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting requirements. We have one employee assigned to a position that involves processing financial information, resulting in a lack of segregation of duties so that all journal entries and account reconciliations are reviewed by someone other than the preparer, heightening the risk of error or fraud. 

These material weaknesses have not been remediated as of the date of dismissal of Paris Kreit. 

On April 5, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved the engagement of KCCW Accountancy Corp. KCCW ), as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, effective as of April 5, 2022. The Board of Directors also approved KCCW to act as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022. 

During the Company s two fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and through April 4, 2022, neither the Company nor anyone on its behalf consulted KCCW regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the consolidated financial statements of the Company; or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement or a reportable event as described above; and there was neither a written report nor was oral advice provided to the Company by KCCW that was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to an accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue. 

(B) On January 6, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the dismissal of Prager Metis CPAs, LLP ("Prager Metis") as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, effective immediately. 

Prager Metis s audit reports on the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles, except that the audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 contained an uncertainty about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

20

Table of Contents 

During the two fiscal years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, and in the subsequent interim period through January 5, 2022, there were (i) no disagreements between the Company and Prager Metis on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Prager Metis, would have caused Prager Metis to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in their reports on the financial statements for such years, and (ii) no reportable events as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K, except as noted in the following paragraph: 

During the two fiscal years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, and through the interim period ended January 5, 2022, there were the following reportable events (as such term is defined in Item 304 of Regulation S-K). As disclosed in Part I, Item 4 of the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021, the Company s management determined that the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of the end of such period due to the existence of material weaknesses related to the following: 

1. We do not have an Audit Committee. While we are not legally obligated to have an audit committee, it is the management s view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is of the utmost importance for entity-level control over the Company s financial statements. Currently, the Board of Directors acts in the capacity of an audit committee. 

2. We did not implement appropriate information technology controls. As of June 30, 2021, the Company was retaining copies of all financial data and material agreements; however there is no formal procedure or evidence of normal backup of the Company s data or off-site storage of the data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due to unmitigated factors. 

3. We currently lack sufficient accounting personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience and training in U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting requirements. We have one employee assigned to a position that involves processing financial information, resulting in a lack of segregation of duties so that all journal entries and account reconciliations are reviewed by someone other than the preparer, heightening the risk of error or fraud. 

These material weaknesses have not been remediated as of the date of dismissal of Prager Metis. 

On January 6, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved the engagement of Paris, Kreit Chiu CPA LLP Paris Kreit ), as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, effective as of January 6, 2022. The Board of Directors also approved Paris Kreit to act as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2021. 

During the Company s two fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and through January 5, 2022, neither the Company nor anyone on its behalf consulted Paris Kreit regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the consolidated financial statements of the Company; or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement or a reportable event as described above; and there was neither a written report nor was oral advice provided to the Company by Paris Kreit that was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to an accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue. 

21

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls 

In connection with the preparation of this annual report, an evaluation was carried out by the Company s management, with the participation of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act Exchange Act as of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. This evaluation was conducted with the participation of our chief executive officer CEO and chief financial officer CFO ). 

Disclosure controls are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information that we are required to be disclosed in the reports we file pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported. 

Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management necessarily applies its judgment in assessing the costs and benefits of such controls and procedures, which, by their nature, can provide only reasonable assurance regarding management s control objectives. 

With the participation of management, our CEO and CFO evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures at the conclusion of the period ended September 30, 2024. Based upon this evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective in ensuring that material information required to be disclosed is included in the reports that we file with the SEC. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting ICFR for the Company. ICFR is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ICFR includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of Company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of the inherent limitations of ICFR, misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the ICFR to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management, with the participation of the CEO and CFO, assessed the effectiveness of our ICFR as of September 30, 2024. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, management, with the participation of the CEO and CFO, believes that, as of September 30, 2024, our ICFR reporting is not effective based on those criteria. If we are unable to remediate the material weakness, or other control deficiencies are identified, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately, prevent fraud or file our periodic reports as a public company in a timely manner. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of the effectiveness of ICFR as of September 30, 2024, the Company determined that there were control deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses, as described below. 

1. We do not have an Audit Committee. While we are not legally obligated to have an audit committee, it is the management s view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is of the utmost importance for entity-level control over the Company s financial statements. Currently, the BOD acts in the capacity of an audit committee. 

2. We did not implement appropriate information technology controls. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was retaining copies of all financial data and material agreements; however there is no formal procedure or evidence of normal backup of the Company s data or off-site storage of the data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due to unmitigated factors. 

22

Table of Contents 

3. We currently lack sufficient accounting personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience and training in U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting requirements. 

As a result of the material weaknesses described above, management concluded the Company did not maintain effective ICFR as of September 30, 2024 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO (2013 framework). 

We have taken certain actions to remediate the material weakness related to our lack of U.S. GAAP experience. We engaged an outside CPA with U.S. GAAP knowledge and experience to supplement our current internal accounting personnel and assist us in the preparation of our financial statements to ensure that our financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company s operations are relatively uncomplicated; the Company had limited sales and expenses. The Company maintains adequate policies and procedures for ensuring that receipts and expenditures of Company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and any investing and financing activities are made with both management and Board authorization, and any unauthorized expenses or usage of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The Company also keeps accounting records for each of the Company s transactions including expenses, assets purchase, prepayments, notes receivable and payable that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transaction; and for providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements. 

We have limited capital resources and have given priority in the use of those resources to the development of our business. As our operations grow and become more complex, we intend to hire additional personnel in financial reporting and other areas. However, there can be no assurance of when, if ever, we will be able to remediate the identified material weaknesses. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other than discussed above, there has been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Annual Report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding ICFR. As a smaller reporting company, the management s report is not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm. 

ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 

. 

ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not Applicable 

23

Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth as of December 18, 2024 the names, positions and ages of our current executive officers and directors. Our directors serve until the next meeting of shareholders or until their successors are elected and qualified. Our officers are elected by the Board and their terms of office are, except to the extent governed by an employment contract, at the discretion of the Board. 

Name of Current Director and/or Executive Officer 

Age 

Position(s) 

Umesh Patel (1) 

68 

Director, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Man Shek (Alex) Ng (2) 

54 

Director 

(1) 

Mr. Patel has served as a director and the Company s CEO since February 15, 2017 and Chief Financial Officer since November 28, 2022. 

(2) 

Mr. Ng has served as a director and the Company s CFO since November 28, 2022. 

Umesh Patel 

Mr. Patel has served as a director and a member of the audit committee, the nominating committee, and the chairman of the compensation committee of the Board of Northann Corp. since May 23, 2024. Mr. Patel has served as a director and a member of audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee of the Board of Nova Lifestyle, Inc. (NASDAQ: NVFY), a distributor of contemporary styled residential and commercial furniture, since October 2016. Mr. Patel became the Chairman of the audit committee of Nova Lifestyle, Inc. since July 2020. Mr. Patel has also served as a managing partner of DviBri LLC, a California-based consulting company providing services to private companies interested in conducting initial public offerings, along with other associated securities and investment services, since December 2009. Mr. Patel has been a consultant and coordinator for Eos-Petro Inc., an international and domestic petroleum exploration and production company based in Southern California from March 2013 to December 2019. Mr. Patel received his Bachelor of Commerce degree specializing in audits and accounts, and an Associate degree in hotel management and catering from Maharaja Sayaji Rao University in Baroda, India in 1978. The Board believes Mr. Patel is well qualified to serve as a member of the Board and as the Company s CEO and CFO due to his extensive business, regulatory and investment experience. 

Man Shek (Alex) Ng 

Mr. Ng served as an executive director and corporate secretary of Antelope Enterprise Holdings Limited (Nasdaq: AEHL, formerly known as China Ceramics Co., Ltd.) from October 2017 to October 2022 and its operations manager from July 2017 to October 2017. Mr. Ng was the corporate secretary of Nova Lifestyle Inc. (NASDAQ: NVFY) from June 2011 to October 2016. Mr. Ng received his Bachelor s degree in Economics from York University in Toronto, Ontario, Canada in 1994 and received a Certificate in Securities Course in 1998, a Certificate in Technical Analysis Course in 2001 and a Certificate in Derivatives Course in 2002 from The Canadian Securities Institute. The Board believes Mr. Ng is well qualified to serve as a member of the Board due to his extensive business, operation and public company experience. 

Given the Company s limited operations, it has not adopted a code of ethics applicable to its principal executive officer and principal financial officer. Our Board will revisit this issue in the future to determine if, and when, adoption of a code of ethics is appropriate. In the meantime, our management intends to promote honest and ethical conduct, full and fair disclosure in our reports to the SEC, and comply with applicable governmental laws and regulations. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

The Company s officers and directors are not subject to Section 16(a). 

24

Table of Contents 

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

We currently have one executive officer: Mr. Umesh Patel who is our CEO and CFO. The executive, along with other individuals who served in those positions during the last fiscal year, comprise our Named Executive Officers (NEOs) for purposes of applicable SEC disclosure regulations. 

Compensation Objectives 

We operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing industry. The key objectives of our executive compensation programs are to: 

attract, motivate and retain executives who drive our success and industry leadership; and provide each executive with a base salary on the market value of that role, and 

the individual s demonstrated ability to perform that role. 

Employment Agreements 

We currently don t have an employment agreement with Mr. Umesh Patel, our CEO and CFO. 

Summary Compensation of Named Executive Officers 

The following table summarizes the compensation earned by, awarded to or paid to our named executive officers in the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Name and Principal 
			Position 

Year 
			Ended 

Salary 
		 ) 

Bonus 
		 ) 

Stock Awards 

Option Awards 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
		 ) 

Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
		 ) 

All Other Compensation 
		 ) 

Total 
		 ) 

Umesh Patel (1) 

2024 

88,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

88,000 

2023 

88,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

88,000 

(1) 

Mr. Patel was appointed as the CEO and a director on February 15, 2017 and as the CFO on November 28, 2022. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at September 30, 2024 

There were no outstanding stock options and stock awards held by our NEOs as of September 30, 2024. 

Compensation of Directors 

Our directors did not receive compensation for their service on the BOD for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

25

Table of Contents 

ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The following table provides information concerning beneficial ownership of our capital stock as of December 18, 2024 by: 

each shareholder or group of affiliated shareholders who owns more than 5 of our outstanding capital stock; 

each of our named executive officers; 

each of our directors; and 

all of our directors and executive officers as a group. 

The following table lists the number of shares and percentage of shares beneficially owned based on 13,297,143 shares of our Common Stock outstanding as of December 18, 2024. On September 19, 2024, the Company effected a 1-for-5 reverse stock split of the Company s authorized shares of common stock, par value 0.001, accompanied by a corresponding decrease in the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock. 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the SEC rules, and generally includes voting power and/or investment power with respect to the securities held. Shares of Common Stock subject to options and warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December 18, 2024 or issuable upon conversion of convertible securities which are currently convertible or convertible within 60 days of December 18, 2024 are deemed outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding those options, warrants or convertible securities for purposes of computing the number of shares and percentage of shares beneficially owned by that person, but are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage beneficially owned by any other person. Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons or entities named have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our Common Stock shown as beneficially owned by them. 

Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes, the principal address of each of the shareholders below is c/o Fuse Group Holding Inc., 805 W. Duarte Rd., Suite 102, Arcadia, CA 91007. 

Shares Beneficially Owned 

Name of Beneficial Owner 

Number 

Percent 

Directors, Named Executive Officers and 5 Shareholders 

Landbond Home Limited (1) 

4,209,373 

31.7 

E Zhao 

1,397,537 

10.5 

Chau-Ho Chen 

1,308,537 

9.8 

Cuixia Sun 

1,308,537 

9.8 

Umesh Patel, CEO, CFO and director (2) 

632,503 

4.8 

Man Shek (Alex) Ng, director 

- 

- 

All current directors and executive officers as a group (2 persons) 

632,503 

4.8 

(1) Mr. Yong Zhang is the sole director and beneficial owner of the securities held of record by Landbond Home Limited. 

(2) Including 32,503 shares directly owned by Umesh Patel and 600,000 shares owned by Umesh Patel and Trupit Patel Family Trust. 

26

Table of Contents 

ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related Transactions 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had advance of 139,523 from its CEO, for the Company s working capital needs. The advance from its CEO did not bear any interest, and payable upon demand. Other than that, we did not enter into any transactions with our directors, officers, persons who own more than five percent of our common stock and any other related parties, or with their relatives and entities they control. 

Director Independence 

Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Man Shek (Alex) Ng is qualifies as independent as the term is defined by Nasdaq Rule as 5605(a)(2). 

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table shows the fees that we paid or accrued for audit and other services for fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. All of the services described in the following fee table were approved in conformity with the BOD s pre-approval process. 

2024 

2023 

Audit Fees 

49,000 

57,000 

Tax Fees 

- 

3,300 

All Other Fees 

- 

6,000 

Total 

49,000 

66,300 

Audit Fees 

The amounts set forth opposite Audit Fees above reflect the aggregate fees billed or billable by KCCW. 

On April 5, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved the engagement of KCCW Accountancy Corp. KCCW ), as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, effective as of April 5, 2022. The Board of Directors also approved KCCW to act as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022. KCCW provided professional services for the audit of our fiscal year 2022 financial statement and review of our quarterly financial statements and 8,000 was paid to KCCW during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. KCCW provided professional services for the audit of our fiscal year 2023 financial statement and review of our quarterly financial statements and 41,000 was paid to KCCW during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. KCCW provided professional services for the audit of our fiscal year 2024 financial statement and review of our quarterly financial statements and 49,000 was paid to KCCW during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. 

Our policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services performed by the independent accountants. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Under our policy, pre-approval is generally provided for particular services or categories of services, including planned services, project based services and routine consultations. In addition, the BOD may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. Our BOD approved all services that our independent accountants provided to us in the past two fiscal years. 

27

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) (1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

The following financial statements, including notes thereto and the independent auditors report with respect thereto, are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, starting on page F-1 hereof. 

(b) EXHIBITS: 

Exhibit Index 

Exhibit Number 

Description 

3.1 

Articles of Incorporation. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 24, 2015. 

3.2 

Certificate of Change, dated May 19, 2017. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 2, 2017. 

3.3 

Certificate of Change, date April 30, 2019. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with SEC on May 1, 2019. 

3.4 

Bylaws. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 24, 2015. 

3.5 

Amended and Restated Bylaws. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with SEC on May 1, 2019. 

3.6 
			 Certificate of Change, date September 19, 2024. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with SEC on September 23, 2024. 

10.1 

Consulting and Strategist Agreement, by and between the Fuse Processing, Inc. and Brilliant Star Investment Inc., dated January 4, 2017. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 11, 2017. 

10.2 

Consulting and Strategist Agreement, by and between the Company and Risun Intelligent Technology Co., Limited, dated August 1, 2018., incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-K filed on December 31, 2018. 

10.3 

Share Exchange Agreement by and among the Company, Fuse Processing, Inc., Choo Keam Hui, Goh Hau Guan, Lim Hui Sing, Teh Boon Nee and Tia Chai Teck dated on February 9, 2021, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2021, amended on September 28, 2021. 

10.4 

Share Exchange Agreement by and among the Company, Fuse Biotech, Inc. E-Mo Biotech Holding Inc., Qiyi Xie, Quan Qinghua, Jing Li and HWG Capital Sdn Bhd dated on March 11, 2021, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2021, amended on October 1, 2021. 

10.5 

Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Mr. Michael Viotto, dated August 22, 2021, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2021. 

10.6 

Termination Agreement by and among the Company, Fuse Biotech, Inc. E-Mo Biotech Holding Inc., Qiyi Xie, Quan Qinghua, Jing Li and HWG Capital Sdn Bhd dated on September 30, 2021. incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2021. 

10.7 

Convertible Promissory Notes Purchase Agreement by and between Fuse Group Holding, Inc. and Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd, dated February 15, 2022, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 18, 2022. 

10.8 

Convertible Promissory Note, issued by Fuse Group Holding, Inc. to Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd., dated February 15, 2022, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 18, 2022. 

10.9 

Convertible Promissory Notes Purchase Agreement by and between Fuse Group Holding, Inc. and Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd, dated March 23, 2022, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 24, 2022. 

10.10 

Convertible Promissory Note, issued by Fuse Group Holding, Inc. to Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd., dated March 23, 2022, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 24, 2022. 

10.11 

Convertible Promissory Notes Purchase Agreement by and between Fuse Group Holding, Inc. and Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd, dated June 9, 2022, incorporated by reference to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 12, 2022. 

10.12 

Convertible Promissory Note, issued by Fuse Group Holding, Inc. to Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd., dated June 9, 2022, incorporated by reference to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 12, 2022. 

10.13 

Convertible Promissory Notes Purchase Agreement by and between Fuse Group Holding, Inc. and Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd, dated July 1, 2022, incorporated by reference to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 12, 2022 

10.14 

Convertible Promissory Note, issued by Fuse Group Holding, Inc. to Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd., dated July 1, 2022, incorporated by reference to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 12, 2022. 

10.15 

Employment Agreement, dated August 22, 2022, between Fuse Group Holding Inc. and Michael Viotto, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2022. 

10.16 

Convertible Promissory Notes Purchase Agreement by and between Fuse Group Holding, Inc. and Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd, dated August 19, 2022, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 24, 2022. 

28

Table of Contents 

10.17 

Convertible Promissory Note, issued by Fuse Group Holding, Inc. to Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd., dated August 19, 2022, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 24, 2022. 

10.18 

Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement by and between Fuse Group Holding, Inc. and Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd, dated October 6, 2022, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2022. 

10.19 

Convertible Promissory Note, issued by Fuse Group Holding, Inc. to Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd., dated October 6, 2022 incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2022. 

10.20 

Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement by and between Fuse Group Holding, Inc. and Liu Marketing (M) Sdn Bhd, dated November 7, 2022, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2022. 

10.21 

Convertible Promissory Note, issued by Fuse Group Holding, Inc. to Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd., dated November 7, 2022, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2022. 

10.22 

Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement by and between Fuse Group Holding, Inc. and Liu Marketing (M) Sdn Bhd, dated December 16, 2022, incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on December 29, 2022. 

10.23 

Convertible Promissory Note, issued by Fuse Group Holding, Inc. to Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd., dated December 16, 2022 incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on December 29, 2022. 

10.24 

Convertible Promissory Notes Purchase Agreement by and between Fuse Group Holding, Inc. and Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd, dated January 30, 2023, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2023. 

10.25 

Convertible Promissory Note, issued by Fuse Group Holding, Inc. to Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd., dated January 30, 2023, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2023. 

10.26 

Convertible Promissory Notes Purchase Agreement by and between Fuse Group Holding, Inc. and Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd, dated February 24, 2023, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 13, 2023. 

10.27 

Convertible Promissory Note, issued by Fuse Group Holding, Inc. to Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd., dated February 24, 2023, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 13, 2023. 

10.28 

Convertible Promissory Notes Purchase Agreement by and between Fuse Group Holding, Inc. and Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd, dated April 10, 2023, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 13, 2023. 

10.29 

Convertible Promissory Note, issued by Fuse Group Holding, Inc. to Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd., dated April 10, 2023, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 13, 2023. 

10.30 

Convertible Promissory Notes Purchase Agreement by and between Fuse Group Holding, Inc. and Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd, dated May 29, 2023, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 30, 2023. 

10.31 

Convertible Promissory Note, issued by Fuse Group Holding, Inc. to Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd., dated May 29, 2023, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 30, 2023. 

10.32 

Convertible Promissory Notes Purchase Agreement by and between Fuse Group Holding, Inc. and Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd, dated June 29, 2023, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2023. 

10.33 

Convertible Promissory Note, issued by Fuse Group Holding, Inc. to Liu Marketing (M) Sdn. Bhd., dated June 29, 2023, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2023. 

10.34 

Consulting Agreement by and between Fuse Group Holding, Inc. and Beijing Jixiang Fengqi Tech Company Limited, dated December 13, 2023, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2023. 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of Registrant 

32.1 

Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of Registrant. 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Management agreement. 

29

Table of Contents 

Page 	 	 	 	 	 Financial Statements 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 	 	 	 F-2 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Balance Sheets 	 	 	 F-4 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Statements of Operations 	 	 	 F-5 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 	 	 	 F-6 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Statements of Cash Flows 	 	 	 F-7 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Notes to Financial Statements 	 	 	 F-8 	 	 

F-1

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Fuse Group Holding, Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Fuse Group Holding, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended and the related notes (collectively referred to as consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had recurring losses from operations, an accumulated deficit, and a negative cash flows from operating activities. As such, there is substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F-2

Description of the Matter 

Revenue Recognition 

As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, for the Company s service revenue, revenue is recognized when the consulting service is provided to the customer. 

The revenue recognized depicts the transfer of promised services to its customer in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those services. The Company s revenue from services is generally recognized at a point in time when consulting services are completed. The related revenue will be recognized when the underlying services are completed and rendered to the customer. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

Our audit procedures over determining the timing and amount of revenue recognition involved, among others, evaluation of management s assessment in regard to the identification of performance obligation of service revenue. We evaluated the appropriateness of management's recognition of revenue within the context of the five-step model prescribed by ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and evaluated whether management s conclusions were appropriate. 

We sent out a confirmation letter to the customer and confirmed the following: 

a) Amount billed by the Company during the year ended September 30, 2024. 

b) Terms of the arrangement, including the performance obligation agreed upon between the customer and the Company. 

c) Whether the agreed services have been performed by the Company. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

December 26, 2024 

F-3

Table of Contents 

FUSE GROUP HOLDING INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and equivalents 

Prepaid expenses 

Right-of-use asset, net 

- 

Total current assets 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use asset, net 

- 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Other payables 

Accrued interest on convertible notes 

Lease liability 

Loan payable 

Due to related party 

Total current liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Convertible notes 

Lease liability 

Loan payable 

Total non-current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and 2023 	 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

retroactively reflect 1-for-5 reverse stock split effective on September 19, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-4

Table of Contents 

FUSE GROUP HOLDING INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 

2024 

2023 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative 

Consulting 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Non-operating income (expenses) 

Interest expense 

Other income 

Total non-operating expenses, net 

Loss before income tax 

Income tax 

Net loss 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic loss per share 

retroactively reflect 1-for-5 reverse stock split effective on September 19, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-5

Table of Contents 

FUSE GROUP HOLDING INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Common Stock 

Additional 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

Paid-in Capital 

Deficit 

Total 

Balance at September 30, 2022 

Conversion of note into common shares 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion of note into common shares 

- 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

retroactively reflect 1-for-5 reverse stock split effective on September 19, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-6

Table of Contents 

FUSE GROUP HOLDING INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 

2024 

2023 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and Amortization 

Operating lease expense 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Other payables 

Accrued interest 

Payment of lease liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from convertible notes 

Repayment of loan payable 

Due to related party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 

Supplemental cash flow data: 

Income tax paid 

Interest paid 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities 

Conversion of note into common shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-7

Table of Contents 

FUSE GROUP HOLDING INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ownership of Fuse Trading Limited Trading for HKD1 ). Trading had no operations prior to the acquisition by Processing. Trading was seeking mining-related business opportunities in Asia. On April 22, 2022, Processing entered into a Share Transfer Agreement to transfer ownership of Trading to an unrelated party for HKD1. There was no gain or loss recognized from the ownership transfer of Trading. Trading did not have any assets or business operations as of the date of transfer. 

On May 3, 2018, the Company incorporated Fuse Technology Inc. in the State of Nevada, which changed its name to Fuse Biotech Inc. on November 30, 2020. Fuse Group is the sole shareholder of Fuse Biotech Inc. Fuse Biotech ). Fuse Biotech seeks business opportunities in the biotech area. 

On April 29, 2019, the Board of Directors of the Company approved an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation Amendment to change its name from Fuse Enterprises Inc. to Fuse Group Holding Inc. Also on April 29, 2019, stockholders holding a majority of the Company s outstanding capital stock approved the Amendment. The Amendment was filed with the Secretary of State for the State of Nevada on April 30, 2019 and became effective May 13, 2019. On May 29, 2019, the Company changed its trading symbol on OTC Markets from FNST to FUST. 

On February 9, 2021, Fuse Group and Processing entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Agreement with individuals who own Portafolio en Investigacion Ambiental S.A. de C.V., a Mexican company Portafolio ). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company agreed to issue (or pre-reverse split) shares of Company s common stock for all the shares of Portafolio they owned. Portafolio owns concessions rights to five mineral locations in Mexico. The five mines have not been explored and have no operations, no facilities or equipment, no existing contracts for the sale of output, and no permits or licenses to conduct mining operations other than five concessions to explore. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain the surface rights and permits that are necessary to extract the minerals from the areas covered by the concessions. The transfer of shares of Portafolio to Processing are subject to Mexican government approval, which has not happened yet. 

Stock certificates for 2,857,143 (or 14,285,715 pre-reverse split) shares were prepared for the closing of the Agreement which was entered into by the Company and Processing with the five individuals who own Portafolio on February 9, 2021. The stock certificates were prepared by the Company, but not delivered to the sellers. After reevaluation of the Agreement, the Company determined that the transaction was incorrectly recorded, as such stock certificates remained in the custody of the Company and not delivered (i.e. provided as consideration) to the sellers. On October 20, 2021, the Company cancelled these stock certificates. 

On March 11, 2021, Fuse Group and Fuse Biotech entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with E-Mo Biotech Holding Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Nevada (the E-Mo Biotech ), Qiyi Xie, a resident of California Xie ), Quan Qinghua, a citizen and resident of China Quan ), Jing Li, a citizen and resident of China Li and HWG Capital Sdn Bhd, a company incorporated under laws of Malaysia HWG and hereinafter collectively with Xie, Quan and Li, the Sellers ). Pursuant to the agreement, the Company agreed to issue the Sellers (or pre-reverse split) shares of Company s common stock (the Fuse Shares for all the issued and outstanding shares of E-Mo Biotech (the E-Mo Shares owned by the Sellers. E-Mo Biotech Holding Inc. is a start-up, development-stage company involving in vaccine, immunological treatment and diagnostic product research and development and has no commercial sales of vaccines, treatments, or diagnostic products. The acquisition was not completed and the Fuse Shares were not issued. On September 30, 2021, the Company and Fuse Biotech entered into a Termination Agreement with E-Mo Biotech, Qiyi Xie, Quan Qinghua, Jing Li and HWG Capital Sdn Bhd, effective on September 30, 2021. Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, the parties agreed to terminate the Share Exchange Agreement, which was originally entered into by and among the Company, Fuse Biotech, the Sellers and E-Mo Biotech on March 11, 2021. 

F-8

Table of Contents 

per share, at a ratio of 1-for-5, which become effective on September 19, 2024. The total number of shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance will then be reduced by a corresponding proportion from shares to shares of Common Stock. All share and per share amounts have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split for all periods presented. 

and in cash at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

F-9

Table of Contents 

F-10

Table of Contents 

accounts receivable on September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

years 	 	 	 	 	 Office furniture 	 	 	 years 	 	 	 	 	 Leasehold decoration and renovation 	 	 	 years 	 	 

F-11

Table of Contents 

consisted of hospitality industry consulting service revenue. 

F-12

Table of Contents 

F-13

Table of Contents 

at September 30, 2024, the Company incurred net loss of for the year ended September 30, 2024, and the Company had cash outflow from operating activities of for the year ended September 30, 2024. These raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a private or public offering, or by obtaining loans from banks or others. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional funds on reasonable terms and conditions, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering or loans from banks or others. 

The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

F-14

Table of Contents 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Computer equipment, net 

Office furniture 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Office furniture, net 

Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024, prepaid expense consisted of prepaid OTC listing fee of . As of September 30, 2023, prepaid expense mainly consisted of prepaid OTC listing fee of . 

Convertible notes non-current 

Accrued interest 

Total outstanding balance 

On June 30, 2023, the Company received a written notice from Liu Marketing (M) SDN BHD (the Lender ), pursuant to certain Convertible Promissory Notes made by the Company in favor of Lender on February 15, 2022, March 23, 2022, June 9, 2022, July 1, 2022, August 19, 2022, October 6, 2022, November 7, 2022, December 16, 2022, January 30, 2023, February 24, 2023, April 10, 2023 and May 29, 2023 (the Notes ), that the Lender elected to convert all of the Notes balances (including principal and interest of the Notes) of for (or pre-reverse split) shares of common stock of the Company (the Shares at the conversion price of (or pre-reverse split) per share. On July 7, 2023, the Shares were issued to the Lender pursuant to an exemption from registration under Regulation S, promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

On June 29, 2023, the Company entered into a Convertible Promissory Notes Purchase Agreement with Liu Marketing (M) SDN BHD, a company incorporated under the laws of Malaysia (the Purchaser ). Pursuant to the agreement, the Company sold a Convertible Promissory Note to the Purchaser for a principal amount of and the conversion price is (or pre-reverse split) per share. The Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, which is payable on June 29 of 2024 and 2025. The Note will mature on the date that is from the date that the purchase price of the Note is paid to the Company. Any outstanding principal and interest on the Note may be converted to shares of common stock of the Company at the holder s option at a conversion price of (or pre-reverse split) per share at any time until the total outstanding balance of the Note is paid. On May 15, 2024, the note holder notified the Company to convert all the principal and interest of the note to the shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price of 2.25 (or 0.45 pre-reverse split) per share. This note including principal of and accrued interest of was converted into (or pre-reverse split) shares of the Company s common stock on May 15, 2024. 

F-15

Table of Contents 

and , respectively. As of September 30, 2023, the Company had outstanding convertible notes and accrued interest of and , respectively. 

and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, other payables mainly consisted of salary payable of and payroll tax payable of . As of September 30, 2023, other payables mainly consisted of salary payable of , accrued professional fee of , and payroll tax payable of . 

from the Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL loan from the SBA after deducting Uniform Commercial Code UCC handling charge and filing fee. This is a low-interest federal disaster loan for working capital to small businesses and non-profit organizations of any size suffering substantial economic injury as a result of the Coronavirus (COVID-19), to help the businesses to meet financial obligations and operating expenses that could have been met had the disaster not occurred. This loan has annual interest of and is not forgivable. The maturity of the loan is years, installment payments including principal and interest of monthly will begin 12 months from the date of loan approval date. For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and interest expense for the EIDL loan, respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company made and (including principal and interest) repayment of the EIDL loan, respectively. 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total 

and from its CEO, respectively, for the Company s working capital needs. The advance from its CEO did not bear any interest and was payable upon demand. 

million and million for each of Federal and California state at September 30, 2024, respectively. No tax benefit was reported with respect to these NOL carry-forwards in the accompanying consolidated financial statements because the Company believes the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets for the NOL for both federal and California State of approximately million as of September 30, 2024, was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are fully offset by a full valuation allowance. 

F-16

Table of Contents 

Allowance for non-current prepaid expense 

Lease expense under ASU 842 

Less valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Income Tax Provision in the Statements of Operations 

State statutory income tax (benefit) rate, net of effect of state income tax deductible to federal income tax 

Change in valuation allowance on net operating loss carry-forwards 

Effective income tax rate 

and for the services provided, respectively. 

For the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company had one customer which accounted for of the Company s revenue. 

individuals who owned Portafolio. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company would issue, in lieu of cash payment, and deliver to the five sellers (or pre-reverse split) shares of common stock of the Company for all the outstanding shares of Portafolio (the Mexican Shares owned by these five sellers upon closing when the five sellers deliver all outstanding shares of Portafolio. Portafolio owns concessions rights to five mineral locations in Mexico. There are no business, no mining operations, no existing contracts for the sale of output, and no permits or licenses to conduct mining operations other than the concessions to explore the five mineral locations. The acquisition has not been completed yet as of September 30, 2024 as the Company was waiting for the completion of the transfer of Mexican Shares from the sellers to the Processing. The transfer of shares of Portafolio to Processing is subject to Mexican government approval, which has not happened yet. 

payable on the first day of each month, with a . The lease expired on November 30, 2021. On February 28, 2022, the Company renewed the lease for three more years, commencing on December 1, 2021. The new monthly base rent is payable on the first day of each month, with a . The lease expired on November 30, 2024. The Company is currently negotiating with the landlord for the renewal of the lease. 

F-17

Table of Contents 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Weighted Average Discount Rate 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 

Less: imputed interest 

Total lease liabilities 

Less: current portion 

Lease liabilities non-current portion 

Consulting and Service Agreements 

1) 	 	 	 On April 1, 2017, the Company entered into a strategic consulting agreement with a consulting company with a term of one year. The consulting company provides the Company the strategic advice on business development and marketing. The compensation to the consulting company is per year, payable in equal installments at the end of each month. The agreement was extended to March 31, 2023 with the same terms. On April 1, 2023, the Company and the consulting company mutually agreed to extend the consultancy agreement for another year to March 31, 2024 at no further cost. The agreement expired and terminated without renewal on March 31, 2024. 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 2) 	 	 	 Exploratory Drilling Agreement and Related Costs. On April 1, 2018, the Company entered into a contract with an individual owner of a mining concession in Mexico. The mine is located in Mexico, in the state of Sinaloa, Badiraguato municipality, Nocoriba village. The latitude is 25.2520000 and the longitude is -107.225500. The Company started drilling within the concession 10HAAS. For the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company spent on this mine. If the project is successful, the Company will receive equity in the mine (which percentage will be paid upon successful completion of exploration and drilling of the mine). The mine owner has been in discussion with a potential buyer to purchase this mine. The buyer has analyzed the report of the minerals of this mine, but the project was delayed during the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. The buyer wants more details of the minerals and will conduct more exploration itself to confirm the results of mineral analysis and reserves. The mine owner and Fuse Group have agreed to put Fuse s exploration on hold until this buyer completes its analysis in preparation for making the acquisition decision. 	 	 

F-18

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Fuse Group Holding Inc. 

By: 

/s/ Umesh Patel 

Umesh Patel 

Date: December 26, 2024 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(principal executive officer, principal financial officer and accounting officer) 

Name and Title 

Date 

/s/ Umesh Patel 

Umesh Patel 

December 26, 2024 

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

			 (principal executive officer, principal financial officer and accounting officer) 

/s/ Man Shek (Alex) Ng 

Man Shek (Alex) Ng 

December 26, 2024 

Director 

30

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex_753267.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

ex_753267.htm 

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Fuse Group Holding Inc. as of September 30, 2024 

Subsidiary Name 

Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Percentage Owned 

Fuse Processing, Inc. 

California, U.S. 

100 

Fuse Biotech Inc. 

Nevada, U.S. 

100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex_753265.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_753265.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION FOR FORM 10-K (CEO and CFO) CERTIFICATION 

I, Umesh Patel, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Fuse Group Holding Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the Company by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: December 26, 2024 

By: 

/s/ Umesh Patel 

Umesh Patel 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex_753266.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_753266.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION (CEO and CFO) 1350 

 FUSE GROUP HOLDING INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Fuse Group Holding Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Umesh Patel, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 26, 2024 

/s/ Umesh Patel 

Umesh Patel 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 fsnt-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 fsnt-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 fsnt-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 fsnt-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 fsnt-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

