<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-K_edgar_data_316253_0001213900-24-091798.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7602857</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>233443</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1656679</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1563612</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1967088</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1998881</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-091798.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029170455
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-091798
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		107
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENZO BIOCHEM INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000316253
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MEDICAL LABORATORIES [8071]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				132866202
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09974
		FILM NUMBER:		241406556

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		60 EXECUTIVE BLVD
		CITY:			FARMINGDALE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11735
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5167555500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ENZO BIOCHEM INC
		STREET 2:		60 EXECUTIVE BLVD
		CITY:			FARMINGDALE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11735

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-091798.txt : 20241029

10-K
 1
 ea0218602-10k_enzobio.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, DC 20549 

FORM 

(Mark one) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______________ to
______________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) . , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act of 1934). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting stock held
by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately as of January 31, 2024. 

The number of shares of the Company s common stock, .01 par
value, outstanding at October 25, 2024 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Description 
 
 Page 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 10 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 19 
 
 Item 1C. 
 
 Cybersecurity 
 
 20 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 21 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 22 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 24 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 25 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 25 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 25 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 31 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 31 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 31 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 31 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 32 
 
 Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 32 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 33 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 33 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 33 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 33 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 33 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 34 

List of Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statements Schedule 
 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (loss) 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

Schedule II - Valuation Accounts and Qualifying Accounts 
 
 S-1 

i 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

Enzo Biochem, Inc. (the Company , we , our 
or Enzo has operated as a life sciences company for over 45 years. The primary business of Enzo today is conducted through
its Life Sciences division Enzo Life Sciences ), which focuses on labeling and detection technologies from DNA to whole
cell analysis, including a comprehensive portfolio of thousands of high-quality products, including antibodies, genomic probes, assays,
biochemicals, and proteins. The Company s proprietary products and technologies play central roles in translational research
and drug development areas, including cell biology, genomics, assays, immunohistochemistry, and small molecule chemistry. The Company
monetizes its technology primarily via sales through our global distribution network and licensing. Enzo Life Sciences is operated through
the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary Enzo Life Sciences, Inc. and its wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries. 

Costs excluded from Enzo Life Sciences financial results consist of
corporate general and administrative costs and minimal therapeutic research and development expenses. These costs are reported within
the consolidated financial statements as the Corporate and Other segment. 

In prior years, the Company also had a clinical lab business, operated
as Enzo Clinical Labs, Inc. Clinical Labs ). In July 2023, we sold certain assets and assigned certain liabilities of Clinical
Labs to Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings for 113.25 million, pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement dated March 16, 2023,
as amended July 3, 2023 APA ). In accordance with the terms of the APA, Enzo ceased its Clinical Labs operations,
the results of which are reflected as discontinued operations for all consolidated financial statement periods presented. 

Our Strategy 

We are scientists, passionate about empowering other scientists to
achieve innovations in research, drug discovery and development, and diagnostic solutions. We are driven to help our customers be the
agents of change that make the world a healthier place. With a rich history in labeling and detection technologies, we are focused on
providing exceptional life science products and services, backed by expert scientific support, and delivered with an elevated customer
experience. In Enzo Life Sciences, we commercialize new products and maintain availability of our deep product portfolio via our global
marketing and sales distribution infrastructure. 

Our objective is to continue to develop and manufacture high value,
reliable life sciences products and services using our proprietary technologies to allow our customers to meet their discovery and development
needs. We leverage our years of innovation and technical expertise to support research, drug discovery and development, and diagnostic
solutions through our core technology platforms. With over 160,000 scientific publications, and GMP and ISO certification, our highly-sensitive,
quality products are tested, validated, and trusted, so that we can deliver consistent results, emphasizing sustainable, profitable revenue
growth, since our exit from the Clinical Labs business. 

Our global sales, marketing, manufacturing, product development and
distribution infrastructure is integrated and consolidated as a single global business. Enzo operates, under its own name, worldwide through
wholly owned subsidiaries in the U.S., Switzerland, Benelux, Germany, and the UK, with a branch office in France and a network of third-party
distributors in other significant markets worldwide. Our comprehensive product portfolio allows us to deliver integrated solutions to
basic researchers, drug developers and clinical researchers around the globe. Our research provides solutions in all key research areas,
including: Genomics, Cell Biology, Biomarker Detection, and in a multitude of applied research markets, including: Spatial Biology, Cell
and Gene Therapy, Bioprocess, Personal Care, Cancer Research, and Neuroscience. 

In addition, with in-house U.S. manufacturing, direct sales offices
in six countries, two logistics centers in US and Europe, and a network of over 45 distributors, Enzo is able to deliver our products
to our customers when they need them often shipping within 24 to 48 hours. We offer sales and technical support in local languages
across the globe to accelerate responsiveness to customer needs. 

1 

Markets 

Life Sciences Drug Discovery, Development and Diagnostics 

There is a large and growing global demand by biomedical and pharmaceutical
companies for research and diagnostic tools that both facilitate and accelerate the generation of biological information. This demand
can be met by gene and protein target-based diagnostics for which a variety of formats and tools have been developed that enable researchers
to study biological pathways. These tools can identify mutations in gene sequences and variations in gene expression levels that can lead
to disease, or they can quantify biomarkers that provide insight into disease and potential therapeutic solutions. These techniques use
instruments, such as DNA sequencing and genotyping equipment, microarrays, fluorescent microscopes, high content screening platforms,
flow cytometers and plate readers. Common among these instruments is the need for reagents that allow the identification, quantification
and characterization of interactions of specific genes or nucleic acid sequences, proteins, cells, and other cellular structures and organelles. 

We believe this global life sciences market will continue to grow as
a result of: 

long
term commitment to research spending by academic, government and private organizations to determine the function and clinical relevance
of the gene sequences and proteins that have been identified by genomics research, as well as investments in nucleic acid and protein
detection in various sample mediums; 

development
of commercial applications based on information derived from this research expansion into new methods of visualization and detection
including a multi-dimensional approach to visualize results such as spatial biology; and, 

on-going advancements in tools that accelerate these research and development activities. 

We are a global manufacturer of cost-effective, high-quality
solutions to enable drug discovery, development and translational research workflows supported by Good Manufacturing Practices GMP manufacturing. Enzo participates in this broad market that includes technology platforms and products used
by a wide array of customer types including: academic researchers, clinical researchers, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies
and diagnostic manufacturers. Our broad spectrum of products, such as labels, dyes, antibodies, genomic probes, immunoassays,
biochemicals, and proteins are used to label, detect and visualize a biological target of interest in drug discovery exploration and
drug development process development. Enzo leverages its differentiated capabilities in labeling and detection, assay
kitting and validations, and integrated manufacturing to serve as a one stop shop for thousands of reagents that are
critical to workflows across various technologies and applications, validated by over 160,000 scientific publications. 

Patents 

In the course of our research and development activities, we have built
a portfolio of intellectual property assets, along with extensive scientific know-how and enabling technologies. Some of this technology
portfolio supports and protects our products and our competitive position within the life sciences market. 

Since our inception, we have followed a strategy of creating a patent
position in the life sciences and therapeutics areas. During fiscal years 2024 and 2023, we were issued twenty-five patents and seven
patents, respectively. When developing technology and launching new product platforms, we consider patent protection for certain core
technology platforms, as well as for ancillary technologies that support these platforms. 

At the end of fiscal 2024, we owned a portfolio of patents relating
to products, methods and procedures resulting from our internal or sponsored research projects. There can be no assurance that patents
will be issued on pending applications or that any owned patents will not be challenged (see Item 3, Legal Proceedings), or that they
will have commercial benefit. We do not intend to rely on patent protection as the sole basis for protecting our proprietary technology.
 We also rely on our trade secrets and continuing technological innovation. We require each of our employees to sign a confidentiality
agreement that prohibits the employee from disclosing any confidential information about us, including our technology or trade secrets. 

2 

Our intellectual property portfolio can be divided into patents that
provide claims in primary categories, as described below: 

Dye Chemistry 

We have done extensive work in developing patents and proprietary technologies
for dyes useful in the detection of cellular organelles and dyes to detect the status of cells in terms of enzyme activity, oxidation
or health status. Enzo also has patents directed to proprietary dyes and quenchers that may be used to label and detect nucleic
acids. 

Core Technologies for Gene, Protein, Cell and Tissue Analysis 

We have developed a portfolio of patents and proprietary technologies
for a variety of research, diagnostic and therapeutic applications. Technology platforms and products are developed and offered for use
by our customers to label, detect and visualize their target of interest. 

Enzo has patent coverage for a unique highly sensitive method of making
probes to detect RNA transcripts in cells or tissue, which may be used to detect disease. We also have patent coverage for the
attachment of an oligo nucleic acid to a monoclonal antibody, which can further enhance detection of a specific target. 

Gene analysis technology 

All gene-based testing is premised on the knowledge that DNA forms
a double helix comprised of two complementary strands that match and bind to each other. If a complementary piece of DNA (a probe) is
introduced into a sample containing its matching DNA, it will bind to, or hybridize, to form a double helix with that DNA. 

Historically, we have swiftly and decisively responded to challenges
within the life sciences market. As the market demanded methods to specifically and accurately identify disease targets, we believe Enzo
has provided tools to meet such needs. Whether it was our various gene analysis solutions for HPV detection or broader platforms for the
labeling, detection, amplification and analysis of nucleic acids, Enzo has translated our technological know-how into market relevant
tools for solving customers technological challenges. 

We have recently expanded in this area with our AMPIVIEW 
 in situ hybridization technology, thereby creating potential opportunities with various drug development segments. 

Amplification 

In the early stages of infection, a pathogen may be present in very
small amounts and consequently may be difficult to detect. Using DNA amplification, samples can be treated to cause a pathogen s
DNA to be replicated, or amplified, to detectable levels. We have developed patents for an amplification process for multicopy production
of nucleic acids, as well as proprietary techniques for amplifying the signals of our probes to further improve sensitivity. Our amplification
technologies are particularly useful for the early detection of very small amounts of target DNA. 

Non-Radioactive Labeling and Detection for Gene Analysis 

Traditionally, nucleic acid probes were labeled with radioactive isotopes.
However, radioactively labeled probes have a number of shortcomings; they are unstable and consequently have a limited shelf life, and
they are potentially hazardous, resulting in restrictive licensing requirements and safety precautions for preparation, use and disposal.
Finally, radioactive components are expensive. Our technologies permit gene analysis and avoid the problems associated with radioactively
labeled probes and are adaptable to a wide variety of formats. 

Formats 

There are various processes, or formats, for performing probe-based
tests. In certain formats, the probe is introduced to a target sample affixed to a solid matrix; in others, the probe is combined with
the sample in solution (homogeneous assay). Solid matrix assays include: in situ assays in which the probe reaction takes place
directly on a microscope slide; dot blot assays in which the target DNA is fixed to a membrane; and microplate and microarray assays
in which the DNA is fixed on a solid surface, and the reaction can be quantified by instrumentation. 

3 

Research and Development 

Our principal research and development efforts are directed toward
developing innovative new research platforms and selective expansion of our research product lines, given our manufacturing and distribution
capability. We have developed our core research expertise in the life sciences field due to over 45 years of dedicated focus in this area.
We conduct our research and other product development efforts through internal research and collaborative relationships. 

In the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred
costs of approximately 2.6 million and 3.9 million, respectively, for research and development activities. 

We are focusing our research and development efforts to translate our
technological know-how into relevant products, including a continued focus on the development of detection systems for nucleic acid, protein,
cell and tissue analysis. 

Enzo is committed to delivering a robust line of products and services
that will provide relevant, high-quality solutions that are easily adaptable to the workflow of drug discovery, development and diagnostic
customers. 

Our professional staff, including individuals with doctoral degrees,
performs our internal research and development activities. Our product development programs incorporate various scientific areas of expertise,
including recombinant DNA, monoclonal antibody development, enzymology, microbiology, biochemistry, molecular biology, organic chemistry,
immunology, flow cytometry and fermentation. In addition, we continuously review in-licensing opportunities in connection with new technology. 

We have and continue to explore collaborative relationships with prominent
companies and leading-edge research institutions in order to maximize the application of our technology in areas where we believe such
relationship will benefit the development of our technology. 

In some instances, we may enter into royalty agreements with collaborating research parties in consideration for the commercial use by
us of the developments of their joint research. In other instances, the collaborating party may obtain a patent, but we receive the license
to use the patented subject matter. In such cases, we will seek to secure exclusive licenses. In other instances, we may have an obligation
to pay royalties to or reach a royalty arrangement with a third party in consideration of our use of developments of such third party. 

4 

Sales and Marketing 

Our sales and marketing strategy is to sell our life sciences products
through: (i) direct sales to end-users under the Enzo Life Sciences name, with direct recognition to our acquired brands; (ii) direct
sales to end users under the Axxora electronic market place name; (iii) supply agreements with manufacturers; and (iv) distributors in
major geographic markets. Axxora is a proven distribution platform for original manufacturers of innovative research reagents. Researchers
use our unique marketplace to connect with over 45 specialty manufacturers and gain access to over 200,000 products. We operate with an
understanding of local markets and a well-functioning distribution network system across the globe. We have a worldwide customer support
group operated by scientists to consult with our broad and deep customer base that is situated in dozens of countries around the globe.
Scientists around the world who recognize the brands Alexis, Assay Designs, Biomol, Enzo and Stressgen now receive products directly from
Enzo Life Sciences, and we believe we are recognized for innovative high quality products, supported directly by our qualified global
technical staff. Our direct marketing and sales network includes fully-owned subsidiaries in the U.S., Switzerland, Germany, Benelux,
and UK, a branch office in France and a network of third party distributors in most other significant markets worldwide. 

Distribution Arrangements 

We distribute our life science products internationally through a network
of distributors. Through these arrangements, we are able to leverage the established marketing and distribution infrastructure of these
companies in certain market places. 

Competition 

We compete with other life science and biotechnology companies, as
well as pharmaceutical, chemical and other companies. Competition in our industry is intense. Many of these companies are performing research
targeting the same technologies, applications and markets as we do. Many of these competitors are significantly larger than we are and
have more resources. The primary competitive factors in our industry are the ability to create scientifically advanced technology, offer
quality products at the forefront of technological development to targeted market segments, successfully develop and commercialize products
on a timely basis, establish and maintain intellectual property rights and attract and retain a breadth and depth of human resources. 

5 

REGULATIONS AFFECTING OUR PRODUCTS BUSINESS AND DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

Privacy and Data Security Regulations 

Privacy, security and breach notification requirements under the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA apply to the Company s continuing operations in a limited manner
due to Enzo providing a self-insured health plan to eligible employees. With respect to our discontinued operations, we also need to continuously
ensure that there are mechanisms in place to safeguard the privacy of protected health information PHI that is transmitted
or maintained in any format (e.g., oral, written, or electronic). We are required to maintain numerous policies and procedures in order
to comply with these requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in criminal and civil penalties. In addition,
to comply with the HIPAA security regulations in particular, we must ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of all electronic
PHI EPHI that we create, receive, maintain, or transmit. We have some flexibility to fashion our own security measures
to accomplish these goals. The security regulations strongly emphasize that we must periodically conduct an accurate and thorough assessment
of the potential risks and vulnerabilities to the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our EPHI and then document our response
to the various security regulations on the basis of that assessment. 

In April 2023, the Company experienced a ransomware attack that
impacted certain critical information technology systems, principally of the discontinued operation. In response, we promptly deployed
containment measures, including disconnecting our systems from the internet, launching an investigation with assistance from third-party
cybersecurity experts, and notifying law enforcement. We adhered to our disaster recovery plan, which enabled us to maintain operations
throughout the incident response process. The Company s facilities remained open, and the discontinued operation continued to provide
reference lab testing services to patients and partners. We later became aware that certain data, including names, test information, and
Social Security numbers, was accessed, and in some instances, exfiltrated from the Company s information technology systems as part
of this incident. The investigation identified unauthorized access to or acquisition of clinical test information of approximately 2,470,000
individuals. The Social Security numbers of approximately 600,000 of these individuals may also have been involved. Additionally, the
Company has determined that some employees information may have been involved. The Company has provided notice to the individuals
whose information may have been involved, as well as to regulatory authorities, in accordance with applicable law. There is related class
action litigation relating to this ransomware attack (see Item 3, Legal Proceedings). 

In the United States, various federal and state regulators, including
governmental agencies like the Federal Trade Commission FTC ), have adopted, or are considering adopting, laws and regulations
regarding the processing of personal information, privacy and/or data security. According to the FTC, failing to take appropriate steps
to keep consumers personal information secure or using or disclosing personal information in violation of a company s privacy
notice may constitute unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of the FTC Act. 

There are also state laws which require data owners to implement reasonable
security measures to protect the personal information collected from residents. Certain state laws may be more stringent or broader in
scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to personal information than federal, international or other state laws, and such
laws may differ from each other, all of which may complicate compliance efforts. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018,
which provides comprehensive consumer privacy rights for California residents and imposes obligations on companies that process their
personal information and meet certain revenue or volume processing thresholds, came into effect on January 1, 2020, and was further amended
by the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), effective January 1, 2023 (collectively, the CCPA ). The CCPA
is also subject to extensive regulations, which are still being finalized. Among other things, the CCPA requires covered companies to
provide certain disclosures to California residents and provide such residents consumer privacy rights, including the ability to opt-out
of certain sales of their personal information, as well as to be able to delete or access personal information. 

International laws, regulations and standards in many jurisdictions
apply to certain collection, use, retention, security, disclosure, transfer, marketing and other processing of personal information. For
example, the EU General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which became effective in May 2018, increased the jurisdictional
reach of data protection laws of the European Economic Area and introduced new requirements for handling personal data. EU member states
are tasked under the GDPR to enact, and have enacted, certain implementing legislation that adds to and/or further interprets the GDPR
requirements and potentially extends our obligations and potential liability for failing to meet such obligations. The GDPR, together
with national legislation, regulations and guidelines of the EU member states governing the processing of personal data, impose strict
obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, use, retain, protect, disclose, transfer and otherwise process personal data. 

Following the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union,
data privacy and security laws that are substantially similar to the GDPR are in effect in the United Kingdom, which carry similar risks
and authorize similar fines for certain violations. Certain legal regimes outside of the United States, including in the United Kingdom
and under the GDPR in the European Economic Area, restrict the transfer of personal data to the United States unless certain measures
are in place, including, for example, executing Standard Contractual Clauses through certification to the Data Privacy Framework. 

6 

We use third-party credit card processors to process payments from
our customers. Through our agreements with our third-party credit card processors, we are subject to payment card association operating
rules, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard PCI-DSS ), which governs a variety of areas, including
how consumers and customers may use their cards, the security features of cards, security standards for processing, data security and
allocation of liability for certain acts or omissions, including liability in the event of a data breach. 

Waste 

We are subject to licensing and regulation under federal, state and
local laws relating to the handling and disposal of hazardous waste, as well as to the safety and health of laboratory employees. Our
manufacturing facility is required to operate in accordance with applicable federal and state laws and regulations relating to disposal
of all hazardous waste. We use outside vendors to dispose of such waste. Although we believe that we comply in all respects with such
federal, state and local laws, our failure to comply with those laws could subject us to denial of the right to conduct business, fines,
criminal penalties and/or other enforcement actions. 

Occupational Safety 

In addition to its comprehensive regulation of safety in the workplace,
the U.S. Federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA has established extensive requirements relating to
workplace safety. We are subject to OSHA s requirement that employers using hazardous chemicals communicate the properties and hazards
presented by those chemicals to their employees. We believe that we are in compliance with these OSHA requirements. Our failure to comply
with those regulations and requirements could subject us to tort liability, civil fines, criminal penalties and/or other enforcement actions. 

Other Regulations 

Our business is and will continue to be subject to regulation under
various state and federal environmental, safety and health laws, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act, and the Atomic Energy Act or their state law analogs. These and other laws govern our use, handling and disposal of
various biological, chemical and radioactive substances used in our operations and wastes generated by our operations. We are required
to possess licenses under, or are otherwise subject to federal and state regulations pertaining to, the handling and disposal of hazardous
waste and radioactive materials. 

We believe that we are in compliance with applicable environmental,
safety and health laws in the United States and internationally and that our continued compliance with these laws will not have a material
adverse effect on our business. All of our laboratories are operated in accordance with applicable federal and state laws and regulations
relating to hazardous substances, and we use qualified third-party vendors to dispose of hazardous wastes. Although we believe that we
comply in all respects with such federal, state and local laws, our failure to comply with those laws could subject us to denial of the
right to conduct business, civil fines, criminal penalties and/or other enforcement actions. Environmental contamination resulting from
spills or disposal of hazardous substances generated by our operations, even if caused by a third-party contractor or occurring at a remote
location, could result in material liability for the Company. 

Regulation of Diagnostic Products 

We do not currently offer for sale any products or services intended
to provide clinical diagnostic or health assessment information in relation to individual patients, for use by those patients or their
healthcare providers in connection with treatment. We offer technology, products and services to a broad range of customers in the life
sciences industry. Our customers may themselves be directly regulated by The U.S. Food and Drug Administration the FDA or other regulatory authorities. 

Certain in vitro diagnostic IVD products can be marketed
without going through an FDA premarket review process if they are intended for use in the laboratory research phase of development and
not represented as an effective IVD (i.e., labeled for Research Use Only RUO )) or for use in product testing prior to full
commercial marketing (i.e. for Investigational Use Only IUO )). Because RUO and IUO-labeled products are exempt from most
regulatory requirements that would otherwise apply to medical devices, it is important that they are not distributed for clinical diagnostic
use. Mere placement of an RUO or IUO label on an IVD product does not render the device exempt from otherwise applicable regulatory requirements;
indeed, the FDA may determine that the device is intended for use in clinical diagnosis on the basis of other evidence, including how
the device is marketed. The FDA recommends that manufacturers assess the totality of the circumstances surrounding the distribution of
their RUO and IUO labeled products to ensure that they are not engaging in practices that conflict with their labeling. The FDA expressed
its intent to exercise heightened enforcement with respect to IUO and RUO devices improperly commercialized without FDA clearance, authorization
or approval in a 2013 final guidance document. 

7 

We have developed products that we currently distribute in the United
States on a RUO basis. There can be no assurance that the FDA would agree that our distribution of these products meets the requirements
for RUO distribution. Furthermore, our failure to comply with the regulatory limitations on the sale and distribution of RUO devices could
result in enforcement action by the FDA, including the imposition of restrictions on our distribution of these products. 

In so far as the products that we manufacture or distribute are subject
to regulation as medical devices, a host of additional regulatory requirements may apply beyond premarket review requirements, including
establishment registration, device listing, the Quality System Regulation (which requires manufacturers to follow elaborate design, testing,
control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures), the Medical Device Reporting regulation (which requires that manufacturers
report to the FDA certain types of adverse events involving their products), labeling regulations, and the FDA s general prohibition
against promoting products for unapproved or off label uses. Unanticipated changes in existing regulatory requirements or
adoption of new requirements could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are subject to inspection and market surveillance by the FDA to
determine compliance with regulatory requirements. If the FDA finds that we have failed to comply with applicable requirements, the agency
can institute a wide variety of enforcement actions, ranging from a public warning letter to more severe sanctions, such as fines, injunction,
civil penalties, recall or seizure of our products, operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production, and criminal
prosecution. 

The FDA also has the authority to request repair, replacement or refund
of the cost of any medical device manufactured or distributed by us. Our failure to comply with applicable requirements could lead to
an enforcement action that may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Unanticipated changes in existing regulatory requirements, our failure
to comply with such requirements or adoption of new requirements could have a material adverse effect on us. We have employees to expedite
the preparation and filing of documentation necessary for FDA clearances, authorizations, and approvals, as well as patent issuances
and licensing agreements. We cannot assure you that future clinical diagnostic products developed by us or our collaborators will not
be required to be reviewed by the FDA under the more expensive and time consuming pre-market approval process. 

Manufacturing and Research Facilities 

Our product development, manufacture and scientific efforts currently
take place primarily at two adjacent facilities in Farmingdale, New York. One facility is utilized entirely by Enzo as its global headquarters,
and also for research and manufacturing with special handling capabilities and clean rooms suitable for our operations. The second facility
includes the Enzo call center and warehouse space. The European logistics operations is based in Lausen, Switzerland. We also contract
with qualified third-party contractors to manufacture our products in cases where we deem it appropriate, for example, when it is not
cost-effective to produce a product ourselves or where we seek to leverage the expertise of another manufacturer in a certain area. 

Employees 

As of July 31, 2024, we employed 125 full-time and 11 part-time employees.
Of the full-time employees, approximately 80 were engaged in research, development, manufacturing, and marketing of research products.
Our scientific staff, including individuals with post graduate degrees, possesses a wide range of experience and expertise in the areas
of recombinant DNA, nucleic acid chemistry, molecular biology and immunology. We believe that we have established and currently maintain
good relationships with our employees. 

8 

Information Systems 

Information systems are used extensively in virtually all aspects of
our businesses. Our success depends, in part, on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our information technology systems. Computer
systems are vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, malicious human acts and
natural disasters. 

Moreover, despite network security measures, some of our servers are
potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptive problems. We have invested heavily
in the upgrade of our information and telecommunications systems to improve the quality, efficiency and security of our businesses. 

Despite the precautionary measures that we have taken to prevent unanticipated
problems that could affect our information technology systems, sustained or repeated system failures could adversely affect our reputation
and result in a loss of customers and net revenues. 

As noted above, in April 2023, the Company experienced a ransomware
attack that impacted certain critical information technology systems, principally of the discontinued operation. In response, we promptly
deployed containment measures, including disconnecting our systems from the internet, launched an investigation with assistance from third-party
cybersecurity experts, and notified law enforcement. We adhered to our disaster recovery plan, which enabled us to maintain operations
throughout the incident response process. During the disaster recovery, the discontinued operation s ability to perform clinical
reference testing was severely curtailed, and we were forced to outsource much of the testing to third parties, including Labcorp. This
negatively impacted the 2023 fiscal period s services revenue of the discontinued operations, and costs increased due to a higher
volume of outsourcing testing to third parties. The Company has incurred, and may continue to incur, certain expenses related to this
attack, including expenses to respond to, remediate and investigate this matter, as well as related litigation and regulatory inquiries
(see Item 3, Legal Proceedings). 

FORWARD - LOOKING AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, 
as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including,
without limitation, the statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may include the words believes, expects, 
 plans, intends, anticipates, continues or other similar expressions. These statements
are based on the Company s current expectations of future events and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may
cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Should one or more
of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from
those anticipated, estimated or projected. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any
reason, except as required by law. 

The Company files annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements
and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). These filings are available to the public via
the Internet at the SEC s website located at http://www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any document the Company files with
the SEC at the SEC s public reference room located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. For more information, please call
the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

The Company s website is located at www.enzo.com. The Company
makes available on its website a link to all filings that it makes with the SEC. You may request a copy of the Company s filings
with the SEC (excluding exhibits) at no cost by writing or telephoning us at the following address or telephone number: 

Enzo Biochem, Inc. 

21 Executive Blvd. 

Farmingdale, NY 11735 

Tel: (631) 755-5500 

Attn: Investor Relations 

9 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Business Risks 

Our operating results may vary from period to period. 

Our operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter
and from year to year, depending on a variety of factors, including: 

customer demand for our products due to changes in purchasing requirements and research needs; 

the introduction of new products by us or our competitors; 

the timing of our research and development, sales and marketing expenses; 

general worldwide economic conditions affecting funding of research; 

expenses associated with defending our intellectual property portfolio; 

foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

changes in tax laws, the results of tax audits or the measurement of tax uncertainties; and 

the success of identifying, acquiring and integrating businesses that complement our product offerings, add new technology or add presence in a market. 

Consequently, results for any interim or full year period may not necessarily
be indicative of results in subsequent periods. 

A significant proportion of our Products revenues are from academic
centers, funded by government grants in our major markets globally. 

Governments around the world have been reviewing long term public funding
of life science research in response to the problems arising from global financial pressures. As a result, the available funds for discretionary
purchases from market to market have been capped or reduced based on available national budgets. Reduced grants for researchers could
impact our business, in the amount, price and type of products bought and used by customers. 

A significant proportion of our Products revenues are from customers
in pharmaceutical and biotech companies. 

Globally, pharmaceutical companies are challenging internal budgets
and the return of investment from their R D spend. This could impact our business, in the amount, price and type of products bought
and used by customers. 

Our future success will depend in part upon our ability to enhance
existing products, develop and introduce new products and realize commercial acceptance of those products, in a rapidly changing technological
environment. 

The market for our products is characterized by rapidly changing technology,
evolving industry standards and new product introductions, which may make our existing products obsolete. Our future success will depend
in part upon our ability to enhance existing products, develop and introduce new products, and realize commercial acceptance of those
products. 

The development of new or enhanced products is a complex and uncertain
process requiring the accurate anticipation of technological and market trends, as well as precise technological execution. In addition,
the successful development of new products will depend on the development of new technologies. We will be required to undertake time-consuming
and costly development activities and may need to seek regulatory approval for these new products. We may experience difficulties that
could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction and marketing of these new products. Regulatory clearance or approval
of any new products may not be granted by the FDA, state-wide agency or foreign regulatory authorities on a timely basis, or at all, and
the new products may not be successfully commercialized. 

Our inability to carry out certain of our marketing and sales plans
may make it difficult for us to grow or maintain our business. 

Our marketing program is designed to more directly service its end
users, while simultaneously promoting the Enzo Life Sciences brand, with reference to our acquired brands. We will continue to reach out
to our customers using our direct field sales force, in-house business team, the on-going enhancement of our interactive websites, continued
attendance at top industry trade meetings, and publications to customers and in leading scientific journals. In addition to our direct
sales, we operate worldwide through wholly-owned subsidiaries in the U.S., Switzerland, Belgium, Germany, and the UK, a branch office
in France and a network of third-party distributors in most other significant markets. If we are unable to successfully continue these
programs, we may be unable to grow and our business could suffer. 

10 

We face significant competition, which could cause us to decrease
the prices for our products or render our products uneconomical or obsolete, any of which could reduce our revenues and limit our growth. 

Our competitors in the biotechnology industry in the United States
and abroad are numerous and include major pharmaceutical, energy, food and chemical companies, as well as specialized genetic engineering
firms. Many of our large competitors have substantially greater resources than us and have the capability of developing products which
compete directly with our products. Many of these companies are performing research in the same areas as we are. The markets for our products
are also subject to competitive risks because markets are highly price competitive. Our competitors have competed in the past by lowering
prices on certain products. 

These competitive conditions could, among other things: 

require us to reduce our prices to retain market share; 

require us to increase our marketing efforts, which could reduce our profit margins; 

increase our cost of labor to attract qualified personnel; 

render our biotechnology products uneconomical or obsolete; or 

reduce our revenue. 

We depend on distributors and contract manufacturers and suppliers
for materials, which could impair our ability to manufacture or distribute our products. 

We manufacture and distribute our own brand products and the products
of third party manufacturers and suppliers. Distributors also sell our branded products. To the extent we are unable to maintain or replace
a distributor in a reasonable time period, or on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, our operations could be disrupted. 

Outside distributors, suppliers and contract manufacturers provide
key finished goods, components and raw materials used in the sale and manufacture of our products. Although we believe that alternative
sources for components and raw materials are available, any supply interruption in a limited or sole source component or raw material
would harm our ability to manufacture our products until a new source of supply is identified and qualified. In addition, an uncorrected
defect or supplier s variation in a component or raw material, either unknown to us or incompatible with our manufacturing process,
could harm our ability to manufacture products. We might not be able to find a sufficient alternative supplier in a reasonable time period,
or on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If we fail to obtain a supplier for the components of our products, our operations could
be disrupted. 

We use hazardous materials in our business. Any claims relating
to improper handling, storage or disposal of these materials could be costly and time-consuming. 

Our manufacturing and research and development processes involve the
storage, use and disposal of hazardous substances, including hazardous chemicals, biological hazardous materials and radioactive compounds.
We are subject to governmental regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of materials and waste products.
Although we believe that our safety and environmental management practices and procedures for handling and disposing of these hazardous
materials are in accordance with good industry practice and comply with applicable laws, permits, licenses and regulations, the risk of
accidental environmental or human contamination or injury from the release or exposure of hazardous materials cannot be completely eliminated.
In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for any damages that result, including environmental clean-up or decontamination
costs, and any such liability could exceed the limits of, or fall outside the coverage of, our insurance. 

We may not be able to maintain insurance on acceptable terms, or at
all. We could be required to incur significant costs to comply with current or future environmental and public and workplace safety and
health laws and regulations. 

11 

Risks relating to our Intellectual Property and Regulatory Approval 

We are currently subject to, and may in the future become subject
to additional, U.S. state and federal, and non-U.S. laws and regulations, industry guidelines, and contracts, imposing obligations on
how we collect, store, use and process personal information. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm
our business. Ensuring compliance with such laws could also impair our efforts to maintain and expand our customer base, and thereby
decrease our revenue. 

We are, and may increasingly become, subject to various laws and regulations,
as well as contractual obligations and mandatory industry standards, relating to data privacy and security in the jurisdictions in which
we operate and/or offer our goods and/or services. The regulatory environment related to data privacy and security is increasingly rigorous,
with new and constantly changing requirements potentially applicable to our business, and some enforcement practices are likely to remain
uncertain for the foreseeable future. These laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied differently over time and from jurisdiction
to jurisdiction, and it is possible that they will be interpreted and applied in ways that may have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. As an example, the HIPAA privacy regulations govern the use and disclosure
of protected health information by covered healthcare providers, as well as health insurance plans. They also set forth certain rights
that an individual has with respect to his or her protected health information maintained by a covered plan, including the right to access
or amend certain records containing protected health information or to request restrictions on the use or disclosure of protected health
information. The HIPAA security regulations establish requirements for safeguarding the confidentiality, integrity and availability of
protected health information that is electronically transmitted or electronically stored. HIPAA violations are subject to civil and criminal
penalties. In the United States, various federal and state regulators, including governmental agencies like the FTC, have adopted, or
are considering adopting, laws and regulations regarding the processing of personal information, privacy and/or data security. According
to the FTC, failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers personal information secure or using or disclosing personal information
in violation of a company s privacy notice may constitute unfair or deceptive acts or practices, in or affecting commerce in violation
of the FTC Act. The FTC generally expects a company s data security measures to be reasonable and appropriate in light of the sensitivity
and volume of consumer information it holds, the size and complexity of its business and the cost of available tools to improve security
and reduce vulnerabilities. On the state specific level, several state laws generally require data owners to implement reasonable security
measures to protect the personal information collected from residents. These laws generally require a data owner to implement reasonable
security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information, and to protect the personal information from unauthorized
access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. As state laws are changing rapidly, we may also become subject to additional data
privacy and security laws and regulations in the future, and we anticipate that states and potentially, the federal government, could
enact new or amended legislation to strengthen data privacy and security standards, which may cause us to incur additional costs and
expenses to maintain compliance and could subject us to fines, penalties and negative publicity in the event of a breach or violation
under any such law or regulation. Certain state laws may be more stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with
respect to personal information than federal, international or other state laws, and such laws may differ from each other, all of which
may complicate compliance efforts. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, which provides comprehensive consumer privacy
rights for California residents and imposes obligations on companies that process their personal information and meet certain revenue
or volume processing thresholds, came into effect on January 1, 2020, and was further amended by the CPRA, effective January 1, 2023.
The CCPA is also subject to extensive regulations, which are still being finalized. Among other things, the CCPA requires covered companies
to provide certain disclosures to California residents and provide such residents consumer privacy rights, including the ability to opt-out
of certain sales of their personal information, as well as to be able to delete or access personal information. The CCPA provides for
civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for certain data breaches. This limited private right of action
may increase the likelihood of, and risks associated with, data breach litigation, including class action litigation. In addition, laws
in all 50 U.S. states require businesses to provide notice to individuals, and in some states, to regulators and consumer reporting agencies,
in the event of a data breach. Notification triggers and exceptions vary by state. Generally, all states with breach notification laws
require notice if the information breached includes a state resident s name in combination with: a Social Security number, state
ID or driver s license number, or financial account information. Some states include other types of personal information as a trigger,
such as health information, biometrics, login credentials, tax ID or date of birth. The majority of state data security breach notification
laws also provide a safe harbor from the laws notification requirements if the personal information affected by the security breach
was encrypted and the encryption key was not affected by the security breach. International laws, regulations and standards in many jurisdictions
apply to certain collection, use, retention, security, disclosure, transfer, marketing and other processing of personal information.
For example, the GDPR, which became effective in May 2018, increased the jurisdictional reach of data protection laws of the European
Economic Area and introduced new requirements for handling personal data. EU member states are tasked under the GDPR to enact, and have
enacted, certain implementing legislation that adds to and/or further interprets the GDPR requirements and potentially extends our obligations
and potential liability for failing to meet such obligations. The GDPR, together with national legislation, regulations and guidelines
of the EU member states governing the processing of personal data, impose strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect,
use, retain, protect, disclose, transfer and otherwise process personal data. In particular, the GDPR includes requirements to establish
a legal basis for processing, higher standards for obtaining consent from individuals to process certain types of personal data, more
robust disclosures to individuals, a strengthened individual data rights regime, requirements to implement safeguards to protect the
security and confidentiality of personal data, data breach notification obligations to appropriate data protection authorities or individuals,
limitations on retention and secondary uses of personal information, increased requirements pertaining to health data and other sensitive
types of personal data, and additional obligations when entities contract with third-party processors to process personal data, including
personal data transfer restrictions. The GDPR allows for fines for certain serious violations of up to 4 of global annual revenue or
 20 million, whichever is greater, and other administrative penalties. Following the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European
Union, data privacy and security laws that are substantially similar to the GDPR are in effect in the United Kingdom, which carry similar
risks and authorize similar fines for certain violations. Certain legal regimes outside of the United States, including in the United
Kingdom and under the GDPR in the European Economic Area, restrict the transfer of personal data to the United States unless certain
measures are in place, including, for example, executing Standard Contractual Clauses through certification to the Data Privacy Framework.
Due to evolving regulatory guidance, we are continuing to evaluate the validity of the data transfer mechanisms and we may need to invest
in additional technical, legal and organizational safeguards in the future to avoid disruptions to data flows within our business and
to and from our customers and service providers. We use third-party credit card processors to process payments from our customers. Through
our agreements with our third-party credit card processors, we are subject to payment card association operating rules, including the
PCI-DSS, which governs a variety of areas, including how consumers and customers may use their cards, the security features of cards,
security standards for processing, data security and allocation of liability for certain acts or omissions, including liability in the
event of a data breach. Any change in these rules or standards and related requirements could make it difficult or impossible for us
to comply. Additionally, any data breach or failure to hold certain information in accordance with PCI-DSS may have an adverse effect
on our business and its operations. All of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs, such as costs
related to organizational changes, implementing additional protection technologies, training employees and engaging consultants and legal
advisors, which are likely to increase over time. In addition, such requirements may require us to modify our data processing practices
and policies, utilize management s time or divert resources from other initiatives and projects, all of which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply
with any applicable federal, state or similar non-U.S. laws and regulations relating to data privacy and security could result in damage
to our reputation, as well as proceedings or litigation by governmental agencies or other third parties, including class action privacy
litigation in certain jurisdictions, which could subject us to significant fines, sanctions, awards, injunctions, penalties or judgments.
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

12 

Protecting our proprietary rights is difficult and costly. If we
fail to adequately protect or enforce our proprietary rights, we could lose potential revenue from licensing and royalties. 

Our potential revenue may be affected by our ability to obtain, maintain
and enforce our patents. In addition, our ability to commercialize any product successfully may depend on our ability to obtain and maintain
patents of sufficient scope to prevent third parties from developing similar or competitive products. In the absence of patent protection,
competitors may impact our business by developing and marketing substantially equivalent products and technology. 

Patent disputes are frequent and can preclude the commercialization
of products. We have in the past been, are currently, and may in the future be, involved in material patent litigation, such as the matters
discussed under Part I - Item 3. Legal Proceedings in this report. Patent protection litigation is time-consuming, and we
have incurred and anticipate continuing to incur significant legal costs. In addition, an adverse decision could force us to either obtain
third-party licenses at a material cost or cease using the technology or product in dispute. 

We have filed applications for United States and foreign patents covering
certain aspects of our technology, but there is no assurance that pending patents will issue or as to the degree of protection which any
owned patent might afford. 

Lawsuits, including claimed patent infringements, in the biotechnology
industry are not uncommon. If we become involved in any significant litigation, we would suffer as a result of the diversion of our management s
attention, the expense of litigation and any judgments against us. 

In addition to intellectual property litigation for infringement, other
substantial, complex or extended litigation could result in large expenditures by us and distraction of our management. Patent litigation
is time-consuming and costly in its own right and could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties. In addition, an adverse
decision could force us to either obtain third-party licenses at a material cost or cease using the technology or product in dispute.
In addition, lawsuits by employees, stockholders, collaborators or distributors could be very costly and substantially disrupt our business.
Disputes from time to time with companies or individuals are not uncommon in the biotechnology industry, and we cannot assure you that
we will always be able to resolve them out of court. 

We also utilize certain unpatented proprietary technology, and no assurance
can be given that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary technology, that such proprietary technology
will not be disclosed or that we can meaningfully protect our rights to such proprietary technology. 

We market certain of our products as Research Use Only, or RUO,
in the United States. Our RUO products support the research and development activities conducted by academic/research institutions and
biopharmaceutical companies of potential diagnostic and therapeutic products and services for which they may later pursue investigation
and clearance, authorization or approval from regulatory authorities, such as the FDA . 

RUO products belong to a separate regulatory classification under a
long-standing FDA regulation. From an FDA perspective, products that are intended for research use only and are labeled as RUO are not
regulated by the FDA as in vitro diagnostic devices for clinical use, and are therefore not subject to those specific regulatory requirements.
RUO products may be used or distributed for research use without first obtaining FDA clearance, authorization or approval. The products
must bear the statement: For Research Use Only. Not for Use in Diagnostic Procedures. RUO products cannot make any claims
related to safety, effectiveness or diagnostic utility, and they cannot be intended for human clinical diagnostic use. Accordingly, a
product labeled RUO, but intended or promoted for clinical diagnostic use, may be viewed by the FDA as adulterated and misbranded under
the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA and subject to FDA enforcement action. The FDA will consider the totality of the
circumstances surrounding distribution and use of an RUO product, including how the product is marketed and to whom, when determining
its intended use. If the FDA disagrees with our RUO status for our product, we may be subject to FDA enforcement activities, including,
without limitation, requiring us to seek clearance, authorization or approval for our products. 

If we are unable to meet regulatory quality and manufacturing requirements
and standards applicable to the products we manufacture, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 

As a manufacturer of products for the biopharmaceutical, research and
development, diagnostic manufacturing, and personal care industries, we are required to comply with certain quality and good manufacturing
practices requirements and standards. 

We maintain compliance with various quality management systems and
good manufacturing practices requirements and standards imposed by the FDA and international regulatory authorities, including ensuring
that we maintain documentation and standard operating procedures for quality control, quality assurance, and the manufacturing of our
products. We are also required to register our diagnostic manufacturing facilities and list our diagnostic products with the FDA. As such,
we are subject to review and inspections by regulators and our customers to assess our compliance with these requirements. Accordingly,
we must continue to spend time, money, and effort to ensure regulatory compliance. 

Any failure to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements or to meet
customer expectations may significantly and adversely affect our ability to commercialize and generate revenue from our products, and
the value of our business and our operating results may be adversely affected. 

13 

Financial Risks 

We have experienced significant losses in our continuing operations
in fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, and our losses have resulted in the use of cash in operations. If such losses and cash uses
continue, the value of your investment could decline significantly. 

We incurred net losses before income taxes from continuing operations
of 9.8 million and 25.0 million for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. If our revenues do not increase, or
if our operating expenses exceed expectations or cannot be reduced, we may continue to suffer substantial losses and use cash in operations,
which could have an adverse effect on our business and adversely affect your investment in our Company. We have an accumulated deficit
of 294.4 million as of July 31, 2024. For fiscal 2024, net cash used in operating activities of the continuing operations was 11.3 million,
which is net of approximately 15.0 million used in the discontinued operations. We may continue to generate net losses. We believe our
cash and cash equivalents at July 31, 2024 are sufficient for our operations and non-discretionary capital needs for at least twelve months
from the filing of this report. Failure to generate additional product revenues at higher margins, obtain additional capital or manage
discretionary spending could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity. 

Other risks relating to our business 

Our failure to establish and maintain effective internal controls
over financial reporting and information technology access could result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements,
our failure to meet our reporting obligations and cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which in turn
could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. 

Under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and rules
promulgated by the SEC, companies are required to conduct a comprehensive evaluation of their internal control over financial reporting.
As part of this process, we are required to document and test our internal control over financial reporting; and management is required
to assess and issue a report concerning our internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting may
not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or
overriding of controls, or fraud. 

Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control
system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be prevented or detected timely. Even effective internal controls over financial
reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements. 

The existence of a material weakness could result in errors in our
consolidated financial statements that could result in a restatement of consolidated financial statements, which could cause us to fail
to meet our reporting obligations, lead to a loss of investor confidence and have a negative impact on the trading price of our common
stock. 

In connection with our July 31, 2023 audited consolidated financial
statements, Enzo s management identified a deficiency, which it considered to be a material weakness, which could
have reasonably resulted in a material misstatement in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company has implemented
remediation measures. As of the year ended July 31, 2024, management believes that it has implemented measures sufficient to fully remediate
the deficiency that had resulted in the material weakness. 

Material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
could materially adversely affect our ability to timely and accurately report our results of operations and financial condition. The accuracy
of Enzo s financial reporting depends on the effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting. 

Internal controls over financial reporting can provide only reasonable
assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements and may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, or lapses in disclosure controls and procedures, could undermine
the ability to provide accurate disclosure (including with respect to financial information) on a timely basis, which could cause investors
to lose confidence in Enzo s disclosures (including with respect to financial information), require significant resources to remediate
the lapse or deficiency, and expose it to legal or regulatory proceedings. In connection with our July 31, 2023 audited consolidated financial
statements, Enzo s management identified a deficiency, which it considered to be a material weakness, which could
have reasonably resulted in a material misstatement in the Company s consolidated financial statements. As noted above, the Company
implemented remediation measures. As of our fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, management believes that it has implemented measures sufficient
to fully remediate the deficiency resulting in the material weakness. Management concluded that the internal controls over financial reporting
were effective as of July 31, 2024. 

14 

Cyber security risks and the failure to maintain the confidentiality,
integrity, and availability of our computer hardware, software, and Internet applications and related tools and functions could result
in damage to the Company s reputation and/or subject the Company to costs, fines, or lawsuits. 

The integrity and protection of our own data, and that of our customers
and employees, is critical to the Company s business. The regulatory environment governing information, security and privacy laws
is increasingly demanding and continues to evolve. Maintaining compliance with applicable security and privacy regulations may increase
the Company s operating costs and/or adversely impact the Company s ability to market its products and services to customers.
Although the Company s computer and communications hardware is protected through physical and software safeguards, it is still vulnerable
to fire, storm, flood, power loss, earthquakes, telecommunications failures, physical or software break-ins, software viruses, and similar
events. These events could lead to the unauthorized access, disclosure and use of non-public information. The techniques used by criminal
elements to attack computer systems are sophisticated, change frequently and may originate from less regulated and remote areas of the
world. As a result, the Company may not be able to address these techniques proactively or implement adequate preventative measures. If
the Company s computer systems are compromised, it could be subject to fines, damages, litigation, and enforcement actions, customers
could curtail or cease using its applications, and the Company could lose trade secrets, the occurrence of which could harm its business. 

We rely on network and information systems and other technology
whose failure or misuse could cause, and has caused, a disruption of services or loss or improper disclosure of personal data, business
information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information, resulting in increased costs, loss of revenue or other
harm to our business. 

Network and information systems and other technologies, including those
related to the Company s network management, are important to its business activities. The Company also relies on third party providers
for certain technology and cloud-based systems and services that support a variety of business operations. Network and information
systems-related events affecting the Company s systems, or those of third parties upon which the Company s business relies,
such as computer compromises, cyber threats and attacks, ransomware attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive
software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination
of the foregoing, as well as power outages, equipment failure, natural disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist activities, war,
human or technological error or malfeasance that may affect such systems, could result in disruption of the Company s business and/or
loss, corruption or improper disclosure of personal data, business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential
information. In addition, any design or manufacturing defects in, or the improper implementation of, hardware or software applications
the Company develops or procures from third parties could unexpectedly compromise information security. In recent years, there has been
a rise in the number of cyber-attacks and ransomware attacks on companies network and information systems, and such attacks have
become more sophisticated, targeted and difficult to detect and prevent. As a result, the risks associated with such an event continue
to increase, particularly as the Company s digital businesses expand. The Company s security measures and internal controls
that are designed to protect personal data, business information, including intellectual property, and other confidential information,
to prevent data loss, and to prevent or detect security breaches, have not always provided, and cannot provide, absolute security and
have at times failed and may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, particularly given that techniques used to access,
disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, and any network and information systems-related events have required
and could continue to require the Company to expend significant resources to remedy such event. Moreover, the development and maintenance
of these measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures
become more sophisticated. The Company s cyber risk insurance may not be sufficient to cover all losses from any future breaches
of our systems. 

A significant cyber attack, ransomware attack, failure, compromise,
breach or interruption of the Company s systems, or those of third parties upon which its business relies, could result in a disruption
of its operations, damage to its reputation or brands, regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, lawsuits, remediation costs,
a loss of customers, or revenues and other financial losses. If any such failure, interruption or similar event results in the improper
disclosure of information maintained in the Company s information systems and networks or those of its vendors, including financial,
personal, credit card, confidential and proprietary information relating to personnel, customers, vendors and the Company s business,
including its intellectual property, the Company could also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and
regulations protecting personal data and privacy. In addition, media or other reports of perceived security vulnerabilities to our systems
or those of third parties upon which the Company s business relies, even if nothing has actually been attempted or occurred, could
also adversely impact our brand and reputation and materially affect our business. 

15 

In April 2023, the Company experienced a ransomware attack that impacted
certain critical information technology systems, principally of the discontinued operation. The Company has incurred, and may continue
to incur, certain expenses related to this attack and remains subject to risks and uncertainties as a result of the incident. Additionally,
security and privacy incidents have led to, and may continue to lead to, additional regulatory scrutiny and class action litigation exposure.
This incident severely curtailed our ability to perform clinical reference testing, and we were forced to outsource much of the testing
to third parties, including Labcorp, which negatively impacted the 2023 fiscal period s services revenue and increased costs due
to a higher volume of outsourcing testing to third parties in the discontinued operations. See Item 3 Legal Proceedings for additional
information. 

If we fail to attract and retain key personnel, including our senior
management, our business could be adversely affected. 

Most of our products and services are highly technical in nature. In
general, only highly qualified and trained scientists and technician personnel have the necessary skills to develop proprietary technological
products and market our products and support our research and development programs. 

In addition, some of our manufacturing, quality control, safety and
compliance, information technology and e-commerce related positions are highly technical as well. Further, our sales personnel are highly
trained and are important to retaining and growing our businesses. Our success depends in large part upon our ability to identify, hire,
retain and motivate highly skilled professionals. 

We face intense competition for these professionals from our competitors,
customers, marketing partners and other companies throughout the industries in which we compete. Since our inception, we have successfully
recruited and hired qualified key employees. Any failure on our part to hire, train, and retain a sufficient number of qualified professionals
would seriously damage our business. 

We depend heavily on the services of our senior management. We believe
that our future success depends on the continued services of such management. Our business may be harmed by the loss of a significant
number of our senior management in a short period of time. 

The insurance we purchase to cover our potential business risk may
be inadequate. 

Although we believe that our present insurance coverage is sufficient
to cover our current estimated exposures, there can be no assurance that we will not incur losses or liabilities in excess of our policy
limits. In addition, although we believe that we will be able to continue to obtain adequate coverage, there can be no assurance that
we will be able to do so at acceptable costs. 

We are, and may become subject to, legal proceedings, arbitration
proceedings, investigations, and other claims or disputes, which are costly to defend and, if determined adversely to us, could require
us to pay fines or damages, undertake remedial measures, or prevent us from taking certain actions, any of which could adversely affect
our business. 

We are, and in the future may become, a party to legal proceedings,
arbitration proceedings, investigations, and other claims or disputes, which have related and may relate to subjects including our recent
ransomware attack and data breach, breach of fiduciary duties relating to our commercial transactions, intellectual property, securities,
employee relations, or compliance with applicable laws and regulations (see Part I - Item 3, Legal Proceedings). 

We face a significant risk due to ongoing litigation that has the potential
to result in future financial obligations, adversely impacting the company s business and profitability. The outcome of the present
legal proceedings may lead to financial liabilities, such as settlements or damages, posing a material threat to our financial condition
and cash flow. Moreover, adverse litigation outcomes may harm our reputation, affecting customer trust and investor confidence, thereby
influencing market share and brand value. While we are actively managing and addressing the litigation, uncertainties persist, emphasizing
the importance of transparency in communication with stakeholders and the implementation of effective risk mitigation strategies. 

16 

Risks relating to our international operations 

Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect
our business. 

Since we operate as a multinational corporation that sells and sources
products in many different countries, changes in exchange rates could in the future adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. 

Furthermore, reported sales and purchases made in non-U.S. currencies
by our international businesses, when translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes, fluctuate due to exchange rate movement.
Due to the number of currencies involved, the variability of currency exposures and the potential volatility of currency exchange rates,
we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on future sales and operating results. 

We are subject to economic, political and other risks associated
with our significant international business, which could adversely affect our financial results. 

We operate internationally primarily through wholly-owned subsidiaries
located in North America and Europe. Revenues outside the United States were approximately 39 of total revenues in fiscal year 2024.
Our sales and earnings could be adversely affected by a variety of factors resulting from our international operations, including 

future fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 

complex regulatory requirements and changes in those requirements; 

trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

multiple jurisdictions and differing tax laws, as well as changes in those laws; 

restrictions on our ability to repatriate investments and earnings from foreign operations; 

changes in the political or economic conditions in a country or region; 

changes in shipping costs; and 

difficulties in collecting on accounts receivable. 

If any of these risks materialize, we could face substantial increases
in costs, the reduction of profits and the inability to do business. 

With our commercialization activities outside of the United States,
we are subject to the risk of inadvertently conducting activities in a manner that violates the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and
similar laws. If that occurs, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 

We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ),
which prohibits corporations and individuals from paying, offering to pay, or authorizing the payment of anything of value to any foreign
government official, government staff member, political party, or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business or to
otherwise influence a person working in an official capacity. We are also subject to the UK Anti-Bribery Act, which prohibits both domestic
and international bribery, as well as bribery across both public and private sectors. 

In the course of establishing and expanding our commercial operations
and seeking regulatory approvals outside of the United States, we will need to establish and expand business relationships with various
third parties and we will interact more frequently with foreign officials, including regulatory authorities. Expanded programs to maintain
compliance with such laws will be costly and may not be effective. Any interactions with any such parties or individuals where compensation
is provided that are found to be in violation of such laws could result in substantial fines and penalties and could materially harm our
business. Furthermore, any finding of a violation under one country s laws may increase the likelihood that we will be prosecuted
and be found to have violated another country s laws. If our business practices outside the United States are found to be in violation
of the FCPA, UK Anti-Bribery Act or other similar law, we may be subject to significant civil and criminal penalties, which could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

17 

International political, compliance and business factors, including
the military conflict in Ukraine, the conflict in Gaza, and trade tensions between the U.S. and China, can negatively impact our operations
and financial results. 

We engage in business globally, with approximately 39 of our revenue
in fiscal 2024 coming from outside the U.S. Changes, potential changes or uncertainties in social, political, regulatory, and economic
conditions or laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, and development and investment in the territories and countries
where we or our customers operate, or governing the health care system, can adversely affect our business and financial results. Such
impacts could negatively impact certain markets we serve, resulting in an adverse impact on our sales revenue. 

Political and military conflicts may disrupt our business or negatively
impact global economic or business conditions. For example, Russia s military invasion of Ukraine, and the response by the US and
European countries to that invasion, have caused severe political, humanitarian and economic crises, not only in Europe but globally.
Restrictions on trade, particularly involving certain foods and energy supplies, have increased prices, led to widespread inflation and
otherwise aggravated economic challenges. While we have not historically had significant business in either Russia, Ukraine, or Israel,
the broader impact of the conflict could negatively impact our operations and financial results. 

The application of laws and regulations impacting global transactions
is often unclear and may at times conflict. Compliance with these laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes
in our business practices that result in reduced revenue and profitability. Non-compliance could also result in fines, damages, criminal
sanctions, prohibited business conduct, and damage to our reputation. We incur additional legal compliance costs associated with our global
operations and could become subject to legal penalties in foreign countries if we do not comply with local laws and regulations, which
may be substantially different from those in the U.S. 

Risks Relating to our Common Stock 

Our stock price has been volatile, which could result in substantial
losses for investors. 

Our common stock is quoted on the New York Stock Exchange, and there
has been historical volatility in the market price of our common stock. The trading price of our common stock has been, and is likely
to continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations due to a variety of factors, including: 

fluctuations in our quarterly operating and earnings per share results; 

the gain or loss of significant contracts; 

loss of key personnel; 

announcements of technological innovations or new products by us or our competitors; 

delays in the development and introduction of new products; 

legislative or regulatory changes; 

general trends in the industries in which we operate; 

recommendations and/or changes in estimates by equity and market research analysts; 

biological or medical discoveries; 

disputes and/or developments concerning intellectual property, including patents and litigation matters; 

public concern as to the safety of new technologies; 

sales of common stock of existing holders; 

securities class action or other litigation; 

developments in our relationships with current or future customers and suppliers; and 

general economic conditions, both in the United States and worldwide. 

18 

In addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price
and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of our common stock, as well as the stock of many companies in our industries.
Often, price fluctuations are unrelated to the operating performance of the specific companies whose stock is affected. 

In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of
a company s stock, securities class action litigation has often occurred against the issuing company. If we were subject to this
type of litigation in the future, we could incur substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources,
each of which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and earnings. Any adverse determination in this type of litigation
could also subject us to significant liabilities. 

It may be difficult for a third party to acquire us, which could
inhibit stockholders from realizing a premium on their stock price. 

Our certificate of incorporation, as amended, and by-laws contain provisions
that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company that stockholders may consider favorable
or beneficial due to a majority stockholder vote requirement. These provisions could discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult
for stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might
be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. These provisions include advance notice requirements for the submission
by stockholders of nominations for election to the board of directors and for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders
at a meeting. 

Future sales of shares of our common stock or the issuance of securities
senior to our common stock could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and our ability to raise funds in new equity offerings. 

We are not restricted from issuing additional common stock, preferred
stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for common stock. Future sales of a substantial number of our shares of common stock
or equity-related securities in the public market or privately, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect
prevailing trading prices of our common stock, and could impair our ability to raise capital through future offerings of equity or equity-related
securities. No prediction can be made as to the effect, if any, that future sales of shares of common stock or the availability of shares
of common stock for future sale will have on the trading price of our common stock. 

Our audit committee does not currently have three (3) independent
members. If we fail to appoint an independent director that meets the New York Stock Exchange listing requirements for audit committees,
the New York Stock Exchange could delist our common stock. 

Upon the resignation of Dr. Mary Tagliaferri from the Board, effective
as of August 6, 2024, our audit committee is composed of two independent directors, which is insufficient for purposes of Section 303A.07(a)
of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, which requires an audit committee of at least three independent directors (the Audit Committee
Requirements ). 

Although as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K we have
not regained compliance with the Audit Committee Requirements, we are in the process of searching for an independent director for appointment
to the Board who can serve on our audit committee in accordance with NYSE listing requirements. We intend to regain compliance with the
Audit Committee Requirements but cannot be sure that such compliance will be achieved. 

If we fail to satisfy the Audit Committee Requirements, the NYSE may
suspend from trading or delist our common stock. Such suspension or delisting would likely have a negative effect on the liquidity and
price of our common stock and would impair the ability of investors to sell or purchase our common stock. In the event of a delisting,
we can provide no assurance that any action taken by us to restore compliance with the Audit Committee Requirements would allow our common
stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our common stock, or prevent future non-compliance
with the NYSE s listing requirements. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None 

19 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity 

Risk Management and Strategy 

We have implemented and maintain various information
security processes and technologies designed to identify, assess and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats to our computer
networks, third party hosted services, communications systems, hardware and software, and our critical data, including intellectual property
and confidential information that is proprietary, strategic, or competitive in nature Information Systems and Data ). 

Our Senior VP of Global IT and System Operations,
IT Security Officer and the information security team, in conjunction with our legal team and third-party service providers, help identify,
assess and manage our cybersecurity threats and risks. Our Senior VP of Global IT and System Operations, IT Security Officer and the information
security team identify and assess risks from cybersecurity threats by continuously monitoring and evaluating our threat environment using
various methods, including, for example: conducting vulnerability assessments to identify vulnerabilities, conducting scans of corporate
devices and network infrastructure, analyzing reports of potential, known and identified threats and actors, using automated and manual
tools to monitor for, identify, or evaluate threats and risks, conducting audits and threat assessments, and utilize third party managed
detection and response (MDR) 24/7/365 cybersecurity vendor services that help identify cybersecurity threats, using third party threat
assessments and external intelligence feeds, and evaluating our company s and our industry s risk profile. 

We implement and maintain technical, physical,
and organizational measures, processes, and policies that are designed to manage and mitigate material risks from cybersecurity threats
to our Information Systems and Data, including, for example: dedicated cybersecurity staff, an incident response plan and policy, a vulnerability
management policy, risk assessment process, processes and policies to address access to systems and networks, physical security protocols,
processes for asset management, encryption of certain Company data, systems and networks, penetration testing, IT risk assessments and
employee training. We also maintain cybersecurity insurance. 

Our assessment and management of risks from cybersecurity
threats are integrated into our overall risk management processes. For example, cybersecurity risk is identified and addressed as a component
of our general risk management strategy. We have also established a cybersecurity committee consisting of our Senior VP of Global IT and
System Operations, IT Security Officer, information security team, and other senior leaders to oversee our cybersecurity risk management
process and strategies to mitigate cybersecurity threats. 

We use third-party service providers to assist
us from time to time to identify, assess, and manage risks from cybersecurity threats, including professional services firms, cybersecurity
consultants, managed cybersecurity service providers and penetration testing firms. 

We have a vendor management program to manage
cybersecurity risks associated with our use of certain service providers. The program includes, depending on the nature of the services
and the identity of the service provider, completion of security questionnaires, review of the service provider s written security
program, and imposition of cybersecurity-related contractual obligations on the provider. 

For a description
of the risks from cybersecurity threats that may materially affect us and how they may do so, see our risk factors under Item 1A. Risk
Factors of this Form 10-K, including Cybersecurity risks and the failure to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability
of our computer hardware, software and internet applications and related tools and functions could result in dam age to
the Company s reputation and/or subject the Company to costs, fines, or lawsuits , and We
rely on network and information systems and other technology whose failure or misuse could cause, and has caused, a disruption of services
or loss or improper disclosure of personal data, business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information,
resulting in increased costs, loss of revenue or other harm to our business. 

20 

Governance 

Our Board addresses the Company s cybersecurity
risk management as part of its general oversight function. The Board is responsible for overseeing our cybersecurity risk management processes,
including oversight of mitigation of risks from cybersecurity threats. 

Our cybersecurity risk assessment and management
processes are implemented and maintained by our Senior VP of Global IT and System Operations and IT Security Officer. 

Our Senior VP of Global IT and System Operations
in conjunction with the IT Security Officer implements programs and policy recommendations to integrate cybersecurity risk considerations
into our overall risk management strategy and works with the information security team to communicate key priorities. Our Senior VP of
Global IT and System Operations and IT Security Officer are responsible for helping to prepare the Company for cybersecurity incidents,
approving cybersecurity processes, and reviewing security assessments and other security-related reports. 

Our incident response plan is designed to escalate
certain cybersecurity incidents to members of our incident response team and members of management depending on the circumstances, including
executive management and the Board. Our Senior VP of Global IT and System Operations, IT Security Officer and information security team
work with our incident response team to help us mitigate and remediate cybersecurity incidents of which they are notified. In addition,
our incident response plan includes reporting to the Governance and Compliance Committee the Committee for certain cybersecurity
incidents. The Committee periodically evaluates overall business continuity, compliance, regulatory, quality and safety systems effectiveness.
The Committee includes, but is not limited to, the Company s IT Security Officer, Data Privacy Officer, Safety Officer, and Senior
VP of Global IT and System Operations. 

The Committee is updated during the quarterly
Committee meetings by the Senior VP of Global IT and System Operations and the IT Security Officer concerning the Company s significant
cybersecurity threats and risk and the processes we have implemented to address them. The Committee also receives reports, summaries or
presentations related to cybersecurity threats, risk and mitigation. The Company s Senior VP of Commercial Operations, General Counsel,
Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer may also participate in Committee meetings and will receive updates from the Committee
as appropriate. 

Item 2. Properties 

The following are the principal facilities of the Company as of July
31, 2024: 

Leased or 
 Square 
 
 Location 
 Primary use 
 Segments 
 Owned 
 footage 

Farmingdale, NY 
 Manufacturing, research, sales and administrative office 
 Products 
 Owned 
 22,000 

Farmingdale, NY 
 Manufacturing and administrative office 
 Products 
 Owned 
 36,000 

New York, NY (Note 1) 
 Administrative office 
 Corporate and Other 
 Leased 
 11,300 

Lausen, Switzerland (Note 2) 
 Operational headquarters in Europe, including sales and distribution 
 Products 
 Leased 
 9,626 

Note 1 
 In June 2017, the lease was extended through June 2028. In July 2022, we sublet 7,200 square feet of this space for the remaining term of the lease, expiring June 2028. 

Note 2 
 In June 2019, the lease was amended and extended through July 2020 and automatically renews for one year on each anniversary. 

21 

We believe the above facilities are suitable and adequate for the Company s
current operating needs for its Products and Corporate and Other segments and that the production capacity in various locations
is sufficient to manage services and product requirements. 

We also are in a related party lease for a building formerly used by
the clinical laboratory, which expires March 31, 2027. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Ransomware Attack 

In April 2023, the Company experienced a ransomware attack (the ransomware
attack that impacted certain critical information technology systems, principally of the discontinued operation. The Company later
became aware that certain data, including names, test information, and Social Security numbers, was accessed, and in some instances, exfiltrated
from the Company s information technology systems as part of this incident. The investigation identified unauthorized access to
or acquisition of clinical test information of approximately 2,470,000 individuals. The Social Security numbers of approximately 600,000
of these individuals may also have been involved. Additionally, the Company determined that some employees information may have
been involved. The Company provided notice to the individuals whose information may have been involved, as well as to regulatory authorities,
in accordance with applicable law. 

As a result of the ransomware attack, Enzo was subject to regulatory
inquiry from the New York Attorney General, a joint inquiry from the Connecticut and New Jersey Attorneys General and an inquiry from
the Utah Attorney General. All inquiries asked questions about the ransomware attack, as well as the corrective actions taken in response. 
The Company responded to all such inquiries, and there have been no further inquiries from the Utah Attorney General. The matters with
the New York, Connecticut and New Jersey Attorneys General are now closed, as they were resolved by agreements with each of the three
states signed on August 8, 2024 for New York, August 12, 2024 for Connecticut, and August 13, 2024 for New Jersey. A provision was recorded
in the consolidated financial statements as of July 31, 2024 based on the settlement terms of the agreements. 

Enzo was also subject to regulatory inquiries
from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights (the Office for Civil Rights regarding the
ransomware attack. The Company has responded to all requests. It is not known at this time whether the Office for Civil Rights will seek
a penalty against the Company. We are unable to evaluate the likelihood of an outcome, favorable or unfavorable, to the Company or to
estimate the amount or range of any potential liability, if any, at this time. 

There is also pending class action litigation: 

In re Enzo Biochem Data Breach Litigation ,
No. 2:23-cv-04282 (EDNY) 

In the Eastern District of New York EDNY ), twenty putative
class actions were consolidated alleging various harms stemming from the April 2023 data incident. Lead counsel was appointed and filed
a Consolidated Amended Complaint on November 13, 2023. The complaint sought to certify a federal class, as well as several state subclasses.
The Consolidated Amended Complaint brings various statutory and common law claims including negligence, negligence per se, breach of fiduciary
duty, breach of implied contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, violation of New York s General
Business Law 349, Invasion of Privacy, violations of the Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act, and violations of the New Jersey
Consumer Fraud Act. An agreement in principle to settle the case has been reached. We expect to have the agreement formalized before the
end of the 2024 calendar year. 

Maria Sgambati et al., v. Enzo Biochem,
Inc., et al ., Index No. 619511/2023 (N.Y. Sup. Ct.) 

This is a putative class action pending in state court alleging various
harms stemming from the April 2023 data incident. The complaint seeks to certify a class of New York residents. The complaint brings claims
of negligence; negligence per se ; breach of implied covenant and good faith and fair dealing; breach of duty; breach of implied
contract; and violations of New York s Deceptive Acts and Practices 349. The Company has filed a motion to stay this action
pending the resolution of the EDNY Federal Action, and the motion was granted by the court. The Company anticipates that the case will
be dismissed once the settlement in the federal case receives final approval from the court, likely sometime in 2025. 

22 

Louis v. Enzo Biochem, Inc. et al. ,
Index No. 653281/2023 (N.Y. Sup. Ct.) 

This is a putative class action pending in state court alleging various
harms stemming from the April 2023 data incident. The complaint seeks to certify a class of New York citizens. The complaint brings claims
of negligence; negligence per se ; breach of duty; breach of implied contract; breach of implied covenant of good faith and fair
dealing; and violations of New York s Deceptive Acts and Practices 349. The Company has filed a motion to stay this action
pending the resolution of the EDNY Federal Action and the motion remains pending. The Company anticipates that the case will be dismissed
once the settlement in the federal case receives final approval from the court, likely sometime in 2025. 

A provision was made in the consolidated financial statements as of
July 31, 2023 for the above class action litigation matters based on a reasonable estimate of loss and updated as of July 31, 2024; however,
the actual exposure may differ. 

Patent Matters 

The Company (as plaintiff) has brought cases in the United States District
Court for the District of Delaware the Court ), alleging patent infringement against various companies. At this time, all
of such cases have been resolved, except for one described below. 

There is currently one case that was originally brought by the Company
that is still pending in the Court. In that case, Enzo alleges patent infringement of the 197 patent against Becton Dickinson defendants.
The claims in that case are stayed. 

On September 2, 2021, the U.S. Patent
and Trademark Office PTO issued a non-final office action in an ex parte reexamination concerning the 197
Patent. In the office action, the PTO rejected certain claims of the 197 Patent under 35 U.S.C. 102 and 103, and for
nonstatutory double-patenting. Enzo responded to the office action on January 3, 2022, and the proceeding remains pending. Becton Dickinson
requested another ex parte reexamination concerning the 197 patent on July 26, 2022. On September 16, 2022, the PTO ordered
that ex parte reexamination as to certain claims of the 197 patent. Enzo filed a petition to terminate that second reexamination
proceeding on November 16, 2022 , which was denied on July 26, 2024. The PTO merged the ex
parte reexamination proceedings as of August 2, 2024. On September 17, 2024, the PTO issued an office action, rejecting the
claims subject to the merged reexamination proceedings. 

Arbitration with former executives 

The Company terminated the employment of Elazar Rabbani, Ph.D., the
Company s former Chief Executive Officer, effective April 21, 2022. Dr. Rabbani was a board director of the Company until
the Annual Meeting on January 31, 2024, when his term expired. Dr. Rabbani was a party to an employment agreement with the Company that
entitled him to certain termination benefits, including severance pay, acceleration of vesting of share-based compensation, and continuation
of benefits. Based on the terms of his employment agreement, the Company estimated and accrued a charge of 2.6 million in fiscal year
2022. The charge was partially offset by the reversal of bonus accruals. In May 2022, the Company paid Dr. Rabbani 2.123 million in severance
(the payment constituted taxable income, but the Company did not withhold taxes from the payment). In July 2022, the Company paid Dr.
Rabbani s income and other withholding taxes of 1.024 million related to that payment on Dr. Rabbani s behalf. On July 8,
2022, the Company filed a demand for arbitration with the American Arbitration Association (the AAA seeking, among other
things, a declaration that the Company had fully satisfied its contractual obligations to Dr. Rabbani and seeking the tax withholding
reimbursement referenced above. On August 4, 2022, Dr. Rabbani filed counterclaims in the arbitration seeking, among other things,
a bonus for fiscal year 2021 and additional severance that he asserted was owed to him. At the parties joint request, the arbitration
has been stayed while the parties work towards resolving the matter. A provision was made in the consolidated financial statements as
of July 31, 2023 based on a reasonable estimate of loss; however, the actual exposure may differ. 

On February 25, 2022, Barry Weiner, the Company s co-founder
and President, notified the Company that he was terminating his employment as President of the Company for Good Reason, 
as defined in his employment agreement. The Company accepted Mr. Weiner s termination, effective April 19, 2022, but disagreed with
Mr. Weiner s assertion regarding Good Reason. On October 24, 2023, the Company and Mr. Weiner reached an agreement
resolving the dispute, and a provision was made in the consolidated financial statements as of July 31, 2023 based on the settlement agreement.
The Company paid Mr. Weiner 3.6 million, less applicable withholding taxes, related to the agreement in November 2023. 

23 

Other Matters 

On or about March 2, 2023, a Verified Complaint was filed in the Supreme
Court of the State of New York, New York County captioned Elazar Rabbani (as plaintiff) v. Mary Tagliaferri, et al. (as defendants), Index
No. 651120/2023. The Verified Complaint purports to assert causes of action for breach of fiduciary duty and corporate waste under N.Y.B.C.L.
 720, and seeks an accounting and certain injunctive relief. On August 4, 2023, defendants moved to dismiss all the causes of action
asserted in the Verified Complaint. Plaintiff filed an amended complaint on or about October 4, 2023, adding, among other things,
an additional cause of action for violation of N.Y.B.C.L. 626. On October 23, 2023, defendants filed a reply in further support
of their motion to dismiss. On November 6, 2023, plaintiff filed an opposition to defendants motion to dismiss. On November 17,
2023, defendants filed a reply brief in further support of their motion to dismiss the amended complaint. On or about July 17, 2024, the
Court granted, in part, the defendants motion to dismiss the amended complaint. On or about August 16, 2024, plaintiff noticed
an appeal from the order granting that dismissal. On or about September 18, 2024, plaintiff filed a Verified Second Amended Complaint.
On October 11, 2024, the defendants filed a joint stipulation and letter requesting the court to extend the deadline to respond to the
Second Amended complaint from October 18, 2024 to November 18, 2024. We intend to file a motion to dismiss the Second Amended complaint
with prejudice. The Company cannot predict the outcome of this matter or estimate the amount or range of any potential liability, if any,
at this time. 

On or about September 26, 2023, James G. Wolf, individually and as
the trustee of the Wolf Family Charitable Foundation, Barbaranne R. Wolf, Stephen Paul Wolf, and Preston M. Wolf (collectively the Petitioners initiated an appraisal action against Enzo in the New York Supreme Court for Suffolk County. Petitioners seek an appraisal of the value
of their shares in the Company. The amount of damages sought by the Petitioners is unspecified. On or about August 21, 2024, the Court
dismissed the Company s Second and Third Affirmative Defenses. On or about September 19, 2024, the Court granted the Company permission
to move for leave to reargue the Court s dismissal decision. Motion papers were filed by the Company on October 16, 2024, opposition
papers are due November 18, 2024, and reply papers are due December 4, 2024. We do not anticipate a decision until sometime in the first
quarter of 2025. The Company intends to vigorously litigate both (i) Petitioners alleged entitlement to dissenting shareholder
appraisal rights and (ii) the correct valuation of Petitioners shares. 

In our discontinued Clinical Labs operations, third-party payers, including
government programs, may decide to deny payment or recoup payments for testing that they contend was improperly billed or not medically
necessary, against their coverage determinations, or for which they believe they have otherwise overpaid (including as a result of their
own error), and we may be required to refund payments that we received. In April 2024, the Company engaged in settlement negotiations
for a government payer and reached a verbal settlement. The settlement was finalized in a formal written settlement agreement on August
14, 2024. The settlement resolved allegations that Clinical Labs overbilled the Connecticut Medicaid
program for testing services. A provision is included in the consolidated financial statements based on the agreement, and the
settlement was paid in August 2024 for 1.7 million. 

Provisions for the above matters, based on a reasonable estimate of
loss, totaled approximately 11.3 million at July 31, 2023 and 15.2 million at July 31, 2024, for both continuing and discontinued operations,
including matters separately disclosed in Item 3 (Legal Proceedings) above. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

24 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The common stock of the Company is traded on the New York Stock Exchange
(Symbol: ENZ). 

As of October 25, 2024, the Company had approximately 685 stockholders
of record of its common stock. 

The Board of
Directors of the Company has declared a cash dividend of 0.10 per share on its common stock, payable on December 2, 2024 ,
to the holders of record as of the close of business on November 15 , 2024 . Prior
to the declaration of this dividend, the Company has not paid a cash dividend on its common stock. The Company reviews and considers
its dividend policy from time to time. No decision as to the payment of additional dividends has been made, and there is no assurance
that additional dividends will be declared and paid. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Not applicable, reserved. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

See in this Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024 Part
1. Item 1. Business , for Forward Looking Cautionary Statements. 

The Company has operated as a life sciences company for over 45 years.
The primary business of Enzo today is conducted through its Enzo Life Sciences division, which is our sole reportable segment, Products
(refer to Note 18 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further segment information). The Products segment focuses on
labeling and detection technologies from DNA to whole cell analysis, including a comprehensive portfolio of thousands of high-quality
products, including antibodies, genomic probes, assays, biochemicals, and proteins. The Company s proprietary products and technologies
play central roles in translational research and drug development areas, including cell biology, genomics, assays, immunohistochemistry,
and small molecule chemistry. Enzo strives to enable a healthier world using scientific innovation through drug discovery, development
and diagnostic solutions. During the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, the segment generated product revenues of 31.9 million
and 31.1 million, respectively. Enzo is a global company affected by different U.S. and global economic conditions, which are included
in Item 1A, Risk Factors. 

Costs excluded from the Products segment performance consist of corporate
general and administrative costs and minimal therapeutic research and development expenses. These costs are reported within the consolidated
financial statements as Corporate and Other (see Note 18 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further
segment information). 

Discontinued operations Labcorp Asset Purchase Agreement 

Effective July 24, 2023, we completed the sale of certain assets used
in the operation of Clinical Labs and the assignment of certain Clinical Labs liabilities for an aggregate purchase price of 113.25
million in cash, subject to customary closing adjustments. In accordance with the sale, we ceased our clinical services operations.
As a consequence of the sale, for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, we have classified as discontinued operations all income and expenses attributable
to the clinical services business, and in fiscal 2023, the gain from the sale of the clinical services assets, and the income tax expense
attributed to the sale of the clinical services assets. Excluded from the sale of the clinical services assets were its cash and accounts
receivable. 

Discontinued Operations Carve Out and Expense Allocations 

For fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, results from operations
for our clinical services business are classified as discontinued operations. For fiscal 2023, the carve out of the discontinued operations
was prepared in accordance with the SEC s carve out rules under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 205-20 Discontinued Operations
and are derived from identifying and carving out the specific assets, liabilities, operating expenses and interest expense associated
with the clinical services business s operations. Certain administrative and overhead expenses, including personnel expenses, which
were incurred by us and previously allocated to the discontinued operation (for which the discontinued operation benefited from such resources),
are reclassified out of the discontinued operations based upon the identification of those allocated expenses and to the continuing operations. 

25 

For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, we reclassified 2.1 million
of previously allocated selling, general and administrative expenses from the discontinued operations to the continuing operations in
the accompanying results of operations tables and explanations. 

Ransomware a ttack 

In April 2023, the Company experienced a ransomware attack that impacted
certain critical information technology systems, principally of the discontinued operation. In response, we promptly deployed containment
measures, including disconnecting our systems from the internet, launching an investigation with assistance from third-party cybersecurity
experts, and notifying law enforcement. We adhered to our disaster recovery plan, which enabled us to maintain operations throughout the
incident response process. The Company s facilities remained open, and we continued to provide services to patients and partners.
We later became aware that certain data, including names, test information, and Social Security numbers, was accessed, and in some instances,
exfiltrated from the Company s information technology systems as part of this incident. The investigation identified unauthorized
access to or acquisition of clinical test information of approximately 2,470,000 individuals. The Social Security numbers of approximately
600,000 of these individuals may also have been involved. Additionally, the Company determined that some employees information
may have been involved. The Company provided notice to the individuals whose information may have been involved, as well as to regulatory
authorities, in accordance with applicable law. The Company has incurred, and may continue to incur, related expenses. The Company s
cybersecurity insurance carrier covered up to 3 million of the remediation costs related to the incident and paid service providers from
the policy proceeds. 

The Company remains subject to risks and uncertainties as a result
of the incident, including as a result of the data that was accessed or exfiltrated from the Company s network as noted above. Additionally,
security and privacy incidents have led to, and may continue to lead to, additional regulatory scrutiny and class action litigation exposure.
See Item 3 Legal Proceedings of the consolidated financial statements for litigation in connection with this incident. 

Results of Operations from Continuing Operations 

Fiscal year ended July 31, 2024 compared
to July 31, 2023 
(in 000s) 

Comparative financial data from continuing operations for the fiscal
years ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 Favorable (Unfavorable) 
 Change 

Revenues 
 31,907 
 31,061 
 846 
 3 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenues 
 17,275 
 17,866 
 591 
 3 
 
 Cost of revenue inventory provision 
 
 1,629 
 1,629 
 100 
 
 Research and development 
 2,642 
 3,904 
 1,262 
 32 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 21,723 
 27,202 
 5,479 
 20 
 
 Legal and related expenses 
 2,632 
 5,196 
 2,564 
 49 
 
 Total operating costs and expenses 
 44,272 
 55,797 
 11,525 
 21 

Operating loss 
 (12,365 
 (24,736 
 12,371 
 50 

Other income (expense): 

Interest, net 
 3,341 
 (1,122 
 4,463 

Fair value adjustment 
 (1,095 
 (824 
 (271 
 (33 
 
 Other 
 494 
 380 
 114 
 30 
 
 Foreign exchange (loss) gain 
 (192 
 1,280 
 (1,472 
 (115 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (9,817 
 (25,022 
 15,205 
 61 

not meaningful 

26 

Consolidated Results: 

The 2024 period and the 2023 period refer
to the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023, respectively. 

Product revenues were 31.9 million in the 2024 period and 31.1 million
in the 2023 period, an increase of approximately 0.8 million or 3 . During the 2024 period, we experienced a 5 revenue increase in the
U.S. market and a 1 increase in the European market, and a 5 decrease in the Asia Pacific market. The increase in overall revenues was
driven by an increase in the marketing effort in drug development and cell and gene therapy markets. 

The cost of Product revenues was 17.3 million in the 2024 period and
 17.9 million in the 2023 period, a decrease of 0.6 million or 3 . The gross profit margin for Products was approximately 46 in the
2024 period and 42 in the 2023 period. The 2024 period gross profit was positively impacted by the more profitable mix of the types of
products sold, higher revenues sourced from the US market, and lower input costs. The 2023 period was negatively impacted by the impact
of inflation on materials cost and market adjustment salary increases. 

The cost of Product revenues inventory provision was 1.6 million
for finished goods of high throughput machines we intended to sell to Product customers, which we fully reserved in the 2023 period. This
expense represented 5.2 of the period s Products revenues. 

Research and development expenses were 2.6 million in the 2024 period
and 3.9 million in the 2023 period, a decrease of 1.3. million or 32 . As of the start of the 2024 period, we had ended our research
and development activities into translation products due to our exit from the clinical reference laboratory business. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses were 21.7 million during
the 2024 period versus 27.2 million during the 2023 period, a decrease of 5.5 million or 20 . The Corporate and Other segment expense
decreased 5.8 million during the 2024 period primarily due to the consulting and other professional fees incurred in the 2023 period
related to the Asset Purchase Agreement, a revolving credit facility, and the ransomware attack; there were also lower salaries and share
based compensation for our senior officers in the 2024 period. The Products segment expense in the 2024 period increased approximately
 0.3 million compared to the 2023 period due to investments in information technology and sales and marketing. 

Legal and related expenses were 2.6 million during the 2024 period
and 5.2 million in the 2023 period, a decrease of 2.6 million or 49 . During the 2023 period, we required significant legal expertise
and assistance associated with matters related to the Asset Purchase Agreement, a credit facility, the ransomware attack, the convertible
debentures, and matters relating to arbitrations with two former senior executives, one of which was settled during the 2024 period and
one of which is ongoing. The 2023 period expense is net of a reimbursement of 0.8 million under our directors and officers 
insurance policy. 

Interest income, net was 3.3 million in the 2024 period. Interest
expense, net was 1.1 million in the 2023 period, a favorable variance of 4.5 million. The 2024 period s interest income was earned
on the net proceeds from the Asset Purchase Agreement, which are on deposit in a money market fund. During most of the 2024 period, we
incurred interest expense on the 10 Debentures, which partially offset some of the interest income. In the 2023 period, we earned some
interest in a money market fund, which was fully offset by interest expense, primarily on a mortgage, a revolving credit facility and
the Debentures, and set up fees and penalties. 

During the 2024 period, we recorded a fair value adjustment charge
of approximately 1.1 million for the Debentures based on their fair value when they were due and fully repaid in May 2024. During the
2023 period, the fair value adjustment charge was 0.8 million based on their fair value as of July 31, 2023. 

Other income in both periods is primarily from the subletting of a
portion of our office space in New York, NY. 

The foreign exchange loss recognized by the Products segment during
the 2024 period was approximately 0.2) million compared to gain of 1.3 million in the 2023 period, an unfavorable variance of 1.5
million. The foreign exchange revaluation loss in the 2024 period was primarily due to the slight appreciation of the U.S. dollar versus
the Swiss franc and Euro as at the end of the period compared to its start and the negative impact that had occurred when the Swiss operating
entity s U.S. dollar liabilities and Euro assets were revalued into Swiss francs. The gain during the 2023 period was due to the
significant depreciation of the U.S. dollar versus the British pound and Swiss franc as of the end of that period compared to its start
and the positive impact from revaluing certain British pound denominated assets and the Swiss operating entity s U.S. dollar liabilities
into U.S. dollars. 

27 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our aggregate cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash as of July
31, 2024 and 2023 was 52.4 million and 83.4 million, respectively. Our working capital was 45.2 million and 58.5 million as of July
31, 2024 and July 31, 2023, respectively. The decrease of 31.0 million in our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash balance as
of July 31, 2024 was primarily due to the period net loss and by cash used to pay down the convertible Debentures, accounts payable -
trade, and accrued liabilities, particularly those of the discontinued operations. Based on the current available working capital, management
believes the Company has sufficient funds to meet its operating requirements for at least the next twelve months from the date of the
filing of this report. 

Net cash used in operating activities during the 2024 period was 26.3
million, compared to 37.0 million during the 2023 period, a favorable variance of 10.7 million, due to the smaller net loss from continuing
operations in the 2024 period. 

Net cash used in investing activities during the 2024 period was approximately
 0.5 million and represents capital expenditures. Net cash provided by investing activities during the 2023 period was approximately 99.0
million and is primarily the net proceeds from the sale of the discontinued operations. 

Net cash used in financing activities in the 2024 period amounted to
 4.2 million and primarily represents repayment of the convertible Debentures which were due May 2024. Net cash used in financing activities
in the 2023 period amounted to 1.1 million and primarily represents early repayment of a mortgage and repayments of convertible Debentures,
partially offset by the proceeds from the convertible Debentures. 

Labcorp Asset Purchase Agreement and Cash in Escrow 

We have indemnification obligations to Labcorp under the Asset Purchase
Agreement that may require us to make future payments to Labcorp and other related persons for any damages incurred by Labcorp or such
related persons as a result of any breaches of our representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in the Asset Purchase
Agreement, or arising from the Retained Liabilities (as such term is defined in the Asset Purchase Agreement) or certain third-party claims
specified in the Asset Purchase Agreement. Generally, our representations and warranties survive for a period of 15 months from the closing
date, which was July 24, 2023, other than certain fundamental representations, which survive until the expiration of the applicable statute
of limitations. There is an indemnification cap with respect to a majority of the Company s indemnification obligations under the
Asset Purchase Agreement with the exception of claims for actual fraud, the breach of any fundamental representations and certain other
items, which are subject to a higher indemnification cap (up to the purchase price). 

Pursuant to the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, we, Labcorp,
and an escrow agent entered into an Escrow Agreement at closing, pursuant to which Labcorp deposited 5 million of the aggregate purchase
price of the clinical service business into an escrow account established with the Escrow Agent in order to satisfy, in whole or in part,
certain of our indemnity obligations, if any, that arise under the Asset Purchase Agreement. If, on the 15-month anniversary of the closing
date, there are funds remaining in the escrow account, the Escrow Agent will release any funds remaining in the escrow account to us minus
any amounts being reserved for escrow claims asserted by Labcorp prior to such date. Upon the resolution of any pending escrow claims,
the Escrow Agent will, within two business days of receipt of joint instructions or a final order from a court (as described in the Escrow
Agreement) disburse such reserved amount to the parties entitled to such funds. We have agreed in principle that there are no material
charges against the escrow funds, which are expected to be released in the first quarter of our fiscal year 2025. 

28 

General 

The Company is a defendant in a number of legal matters. We face a
significant risk due to ongoing litigation that has the potential to result in future financial obligations, adversely impacting the Company s
business and profitability. See Item 3 Legal Proceedings. 

Management is not aware of any other trends, events or uncertainties
that have or are reasonably likely to have a material negative impact upon our (i) short-term or long-term liquidity, or (ii) net sales
or income from continuing operations. Our business is subject to seasonal variations thereby impacting our liquidity and working capital
during the course of our fiscal year. To the extent that we do not generate sufficient cash from operations, our cash balances will decline.
We may also use our cash to explore and/or acquire new product technologies, applications, product line extensions, or other new business
opportunities. In the event that our available cash is insufficient to support such initiatives, we may need to incur indebtedness or
issue Common Stock to finance plans for growth. Volatility in the credit markets and the liquidity of major financial institutions may
have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our business strategy through borrowings, under either existing or newly created instruments
in the public or private markets on terms that we believe to be reasonable, if at all. 

Effect of New Accounting Pronouncements 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2020-06 Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s
Own Equity (Subtopic 470-20). The amendments in the ASU simplify the settlement assessment by removing requirements to (1) consider
whether the contract would be settled in registered shares, (2) consider whether collateral is required to be posted, and (3) assess shareholder
rights. The amendments require instruments that are required to be classified as an asset or liability to be measured subsequently at
fair value, with changes reported in earnings and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements. The amendments improve the consistency
of EPS calculations by amending the guidance to align the diluted EPS calculation for convertible instruments by requiring that an entity
use the if-converted method rather than the treasury stock method. The amendments also require that the effect of potential share settlement
be included in the diluted EPS calculation when an instrument may be settled in cash or shares. Until the issuance of the Debentures (see
Note 9), the Company had no instruments affected by ASU 2020-06. We adopted the amendments in this ASU effective with the issuance of
the Debentures in the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2023, which did not have a material impact on our financial position or results of
operations. 

In June 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13 Financial Instruments
 Credit Losses (Topic 326). This standard changes the impairment model for most financial instruments, including trade receivables,
from an incurred loss method to a new forward-looking approach, based on expected losses. The estimate of expected credit losses requires
entities to incorporate considerations of historical information, current information and reasonable and supportable forecasts. We adopted
this standard for our interim period beginning August 1, 2023 using a modified retrospective transition approach. The impact of the adoption
of this standard on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows was not material. 

Pronouncements Issued but Not Yet Adopted 

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes(Topic
740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures . The amended guidance enhances income tax disclosures primarily related to the effective
tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid information. This guidance requires disclosure of specific categories in the effective
tax rate reconciliation and further information on reconciling items meeting a quantitative threshold. In addition, the amended guidance
requires disaggregating income taxes paid (net of refunds received) by federal, state, and foreign taxes. It also requires disaggregating
individual jurisdictions in which income taxes paid (net of refunds received) is equal to or greater than 5 percent of total income taxes
paid (net of refunds received). The amended guidance will be effective for our fiscal year beginning August 1, 2025. The guidance can
be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact this amended guidance may
have on the footnotes to our consolidated financial statements. 

In November 2023, FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting
(Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures (ASU 2023-07), which requires an enhanced disclosure of significant
segment expenses on an annual and interim basis. This guidance will be effective for our annual period ending July 31, 2026 and our interim
periods beginning August 1, 2025. Early adoption is permitted. Upon adoption, we expect the guidance will be applied retrospectively to
all prior periods presented in the consolidated financial statements. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material
impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

We reviewed all other recently issued accounting pronouncements and
have concluded they are not applicable or not expected to be significant to the accounting for our operations. 

29 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

General 

The Company s discussion and analysis of its financial condition
and results of operations are based upon Enzo Biochem, Inc. s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires
the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. These estimates
and judgments also affect related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. 

On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related
to, allowance for current expected credit losses, income taxes, inventory, and long-lived assets. The Company bases its estimates on experience
and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Contingencies 

Contingencies are evaluated and a liability is recorded when the matter
is both probable and reasonably estimable. Gain contingencies are evaluated and not recognized until the gain is realizable or realized. 

Product revenues 

Products revenues consist of the sale of single-use products used in
the identification of genomic information and are recognized at a point in time following the transfer of control of such products to
the customer, which generally occurs upon shipment. Payment terms for shipments to end-user and distributor customers may range from 30
to 90 days. Any claims for credit or return of goods may be made generally within 30 days of receipt. Revenues are reduced to reflect
estimated credits and returns, although historically these adjustments have not been material. Taxes collected from customers relating
to product sales and remitted to governmental authorities are excluded from revenue. Amounts billed to customers for shipping and handling
are included in revenue, while the related shipping and handling costs are reflected in cost of products. 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable are reported at realizable value, net of allowances
for current expected credit losses, which is estimated and recorded in the period of the related revenue. 

As of July 31, 2024 and 2023, Products accounts receivable, net were
 3,988 and 4,808, respectively. As of July 31, 2024 and 2023, these totals include foreign receivables, net of 1,185 and 1,277, respectively.
As of July 31, 2022, Products accounts receivable, net were 4,762, and include foreign receivables, net of approximately 1,142. 

Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes under the liability method of
accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax
bases. The liability method requires that any tax benefits recognized for net operating loss carry forwards and other items be reduced
by a valuation allowance where it is not more likely than not the benefits will be realized in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
are expected to be recovered or settled. Under the liability method, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in
tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. It is the Company s policy to provide for uncertain
tax positions, if any, and the related interest and penalties based upon management s assessment of whether a tax benefit is more
likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. To the extent the Company prevails in matters for which a liability
for an unrecognized tax benefit is established or is required to pay amounts in excess of the liability, the Company s effective
tax rate in a given financial statement period may be affected. 

30 

Inventory 

The Company values inventory at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out)
or net realizable value. Work-in-process and finished goods inventories consist of material, labor, and manufacturing overhead. Write
downs of inventories to net realizable value are based on a review of inventory quantities on hand and estimated sales forecasts based
on sales history and anticipated future demand. Unanticipated changes in demand could have a significant impact on the value of our inventory
and require additional write downs of inventory, which would impact our results of operations. 

Long-Lived Assets 

The Company reviews the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived
depreciable assets of an asset or asset group for impairment if indicators of potential impairment exist. Should indicators of impairment
exist, the carrying values of the depreciable assets are evaluated in relation to the operating performance and future undiscounted cash
flows of an asset or asset group. The net book value of the depreciable long lived asset is adjusted to fair value if its expected future
undiscounted cash flow is less than its book value. During fiscal years 2024 and 2023, there was no impairment of depreciable long-lived
assets used in continuing operations. 

Item 7A. 

Not applicable. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The response to this item is submitted in a separate section of this
report. See Item 15(a) (1) and (2). 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

1. Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures Disclosure Controls within the meaning of Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
or the Exchange Act. Our Disclosure Controls are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we
file or submit under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Our Disclosure Controls are also designed
to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our Disclosure
Controls, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily applied its judgment in evaluating and implementing
possible controls and procedures. 

As of the end of the period covered by this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our Disclosure Controls, which was done under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer. Based on the
evaluation of our Disclosure Controls, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of July
31, 2024, our Disclosure Controls were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

31 

2. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended July 31, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting except as noted below. 

3. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, a company s principal executive
and principal financial officers and effected by the company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our
consolidated financial statements. 

There are inherent limitations on the effectiveness
of any system of internal controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the
controls and procedures. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate.
Accordingly, even effective internal controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 

We previously identified and disclosed on Form
8-K s dated April 13, 2023 and May 30, 2023, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, and in our
Form 10-Q s for each quarter during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, that the Company experienced a ransomware attack that impacted
certain critical information technology systems. As a result of the ransomware attack and the subsequent investigation, the Company determined
a material weakness existed that impaired the Company s ability to assure that standard systems and accounting processes could operate
effectively. 

In the current fiscal year, we implemented changes
to our processes and controls in response to the identified material weakness. As a result, we believe the material weakness has been
sufficiently remediated. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2024. In making this assessment, management used the criteria established in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 
Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of July 31, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

Remediation of Material Weaknesses 

As of the year ended July 31, 2024, management
believes that it has implemented measures sufficient to fully remediate the deficiency that had resulted in the material weakness. Specific
remedial actions undertaken by management have included, without limitation: 

enhanced
 integration of multiple gating and monitoring tools to our global infrastructure since April
 2023, including vulnerability alert system, password monitoring and end point detection;
 and 

added
 control testing for network security monitoring and anti-virus / malware protection. 

4. Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm 

Not applicable. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections 

None 

32 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required under this item will be set forth in the Company s
proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before November 29, 2024 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required under this item will be set forth in the Company s
proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before November 29, 2024 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required under this item will be set forth in the Company s
proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before November 29, 2024 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
Director Independence 

The information required under this item will be set forth in the Company s
proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before November 29, 2024 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required under this item will be set forth in the Company s
proxy statement expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before November 29, 2024 and is incorporated herein
by reference. 

33 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 (1) 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets - July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations - Years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) - Years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity - Years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedule 

Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 S-1 

All other schedules have been omitted because the required information
is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto or because they are not required. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

The following documents are filed as Exhibits to this Annual Report
on Form 10-K: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3(a) 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation (1) 

3(b) 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (15) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Capital Stock 

10 (a) 
 
 Lease agreement with Pari Management (2) 

10 (b) 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Elazar Rabbani (3) 

10 (c) 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Barry Weiner (3) 

10 (d) 
 
 Amendment of Lease with Pari Management (4) 

10 (e) 
 
 Settlement Release Agreement between the Company and Roche Diagnostics GmbH and Roche Molecular Systems Inc. (5) 

10 (f) 
 
 Settlement Release Agreement between the Company and Hologic, Inc., Grifolds, S.A. and Grifolds Diagnostic Solutions Inc. (6) 

10 (g) 
 
 Fee and Leasehold Mortgage and Security Agreement from the Town of Babylon Industrial Development Agency and Enzo Realty II, LLC, to Citibank, N.A. (7) 

10 (h) 
 
 Amended and Restated 2011 Incentive Plan (8) 

10 (i) 
 
 Cooperation agreement by and among Enzo Biochem, Inc. and the Radoff Parties (9) 

10 (j) 
 
 First Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Enzo Biochem, Inc. and Kara Cannon, effective as of October 20, 2022 (10) 

34 

10 (k) 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Enzo Biochem, Inc. and Hamid Erfanian, effective as of October 20, 2022 (10) 

10 (l) 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 16, 2023, by and among Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings, Enzo Clinical Labs, Inc. and Enzo Biochem, Inc. (11) 

10 (m) 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2023, by and among Enzo Clinical Labs, Inc., Enzo Life Sciences, Inc., Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL, Enzo Biochem, Inc. and certain other parties thereto. (12) 

10 (n) 
 
 Form of Debenture (13) 

10 (o) 
 
 Form of Warrant (13) 

10 (p) 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated May 19, 2023, by and among Enzo Biochem, Inc., the purchasers named therein, and JGB Collateral, LLC. (13) 

10 (q) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 19, 2023, by and among Enzo Biochem, Inc. and the purchasers named therein. (13) 

10 (r) 
 
 Security Agreement, dated May 19, 2023, by and among Enzo Biochem, Inc., each of Enzo Biochem, Inc. s specified subsidiaries named therein, the purchasers named therein and JGB Collateral, LLC. (13) 

10 (s) 
 
 Form of Subsidiary Guarantee (13) 

10 (t) 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2023, by and among Enzo Biochem, Inc., Enzo Clinical Labs, Inc., and Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings. (14) 

10 (u) 
 
 Sublease agreement between Enzo Biochem, Inc. and Siemens Corporation (16) 

10
 (v) 
 
 Amendment
 Agreement by and among JGB Capital, LP, JGB (Cayman) Sussex Ltd., Enzo Biochem, Inc. and JGB Collateral LLC (17) 

10
 (w) 
 
 Separation
 Agreement and General Release between Hamid Erfanian and Enzo Biochem, Inc. (17) 

10 (x) 
 
 Settlement
 Agreement between Barry Weiner, Shahla Weiner, Roya Weiner, and Jonathan Weiner and Enzo Biochem, Inc., Mary Tagliaferri, Ian Walters,
 Brad Radoff, and Hamid Erfanian (17) 

14 (a) 
 
 Code of Ethics (10) 

21 
 
 List of subsidiaries of the Company 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31 (a) 
 
 Certification of CEO Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31 (b) 
 
 Certification of CFO Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 (a) 
 
 Certification of CEO Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 (b) 
 
 Certification of CFO Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

97.1 
 
 Clawback Policy (17) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

35 

Notes to exhibits 

Filed herewith 

XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is being furnished and not filed for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

(1) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on April 27, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

(2) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2005 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

(3) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on January 10, 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

(4) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2015 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

(5) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on February 11, 2019 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

(6) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on April 22, 2019 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

(7) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form
8-K on December 3, 2018 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

(8) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2021. 

(9) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on January 4, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

(10) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form
8-K on November 4, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

(11) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on March 16, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

(12) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on April 5, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

(13) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on May 22, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

(14) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on July 10, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

(15) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on October 30, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

(16) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

(17) 
 This exhibit was filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

36 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

Date: October 29, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Kara Cannon 

Kara Cannon 

Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

Know all persons by these presents, that each individual whose signature
appears below constitutes and appoints Kara Cannon, our Chief Executive Officer, as a true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with
full power of substitution and re-substitution, for her and in her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to (i) act on, sign
and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any and all amendments to this Annual Report together with all schedules and exhibits
thereto, (ii) act on, sign and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any and all exhibits to this Annual Report and any and
all exhibits and schedules thereto, (iii) act on, sign and file any and all such certificates, notices, communications, reports, instruments,
agreements and other documents as may be necessary or appropriate in connection therewith and (iv) take any and all such actions which
may be necessary or appropriate in connection therewith, granting unto such agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact, full power and authority
to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary or appropriate to be done, as fully for all intents and purposes as she might
or could do in person, and hereby approving, ratifying and confirming all that such agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact, or any of her or
their substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: 
 /s/ Kara Cannon 
 
 October 29, 2024 

Kara Cannon 

Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ Patricia Eckert 
 
 October 29, 2024 

Patricia Eckert, 

Chief Financial Officer, 

Principal Accounting Officer 

By: 
 /s/ Bradley L. Radoff 
 
 October 29, 2024 

Bradley Radoff, Director 

By: 
 /s/ Steven J. Pully 
 
 October 29, 2024 

Steven J. Pully, Chairman of the Board 

37 

FORM 10-K, ITEM 15(a) (1) and (2) 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

LIST OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND 

FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 

The following consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedule of Enzo Biochem, Inc. are included in Item 15(a): 

List of Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statements Schedule F-1 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets - July 31, 2024 and 2023 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations - Years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) - Years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity - Years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts As of and for the Years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 S-1 

All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting
regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore
have been omitted. 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Enzo Biochem, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Enzo Biochem, Inc. (the Company as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related
notes and the financial statement schedule identified in Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company
as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years then ended,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on
the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Contingencies 

As discussed in Note 17 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company is subject to legal claims, lawsuits, and regulatory inquires. The amounts to settle any liabilities that might
arise from the claims and lawsuits could result in adverse consequences to the Company. Contingencies are evaluated and a liability is
recorded when the matter is both probable and reasonably estimable. Where the reasonable estimate of the probable loss is a range, management
records the most likely estimate of the loss, or the low end of the range if there is no one best estimate. Management either discloses
the amount of a possible loss or range of loss in excess of established accruals if estimable and appropriate, or states that such an
estimate cannot be made. Management discloses significant legal proceedings even where a liability is not probable or the amount of the
liability is not estimable, or both, if management believes there is at least a reasonable possibility that a loss may be incurred. Amounts
estimated and accrued for both continuing and discontinued operations at July 31, 2024, totaled approximately 15.2 million. 

We identified the assessment of loss contingencies
relating to pending legal claims, lawsuits, and regulatory inquires as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgements required
by management in assessing the likelihood of a loss being incurred and in estimating the loss or range of loss for each matter. As such,
there is a high degree of auditor judgement and subjectivity, and significant audit effort was required, in selecting and performing procedures
to evaluate management s assessment of contingencies. 

Addressing the critical audit matter involved
performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. These
procedures included among others; (i) obtaining an understanding of and evaluating the design and implementation of controls related to
the assessment and valuation of loss contingencies related to pending legal claims, lawsuits, and regulatory inquires; (ii) obtaining
and evaluating the letters of audit inquiry with internal and external legal counsel; (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of management s
assessment regarding whether an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible or probable and reasonably estimable, and management s
estimate of the amount of possible loss to be accrued; and (iv) evaluating the sufficiency of the Company s disclosures related
to legal proceedings. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2013. 

EISNERAMPER LLP 

October 29, 2024 

F- 2 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 

July
31, 
2024 
 July
31, 
2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash in escrow 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets, including restricted cash at July 31, 2023

Total current assets 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets 

Other assets, including cash in escrow at July 31, 2023

Non-current assets of discontinued operations, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable trade 

Accrued liabilities 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Convertible debentures 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations, net 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

Long term debt, net 

Non-current liabilities of discontinued operations, net 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies see Notes 16 and 17 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred Stock, par value; authorized shares; no shares issued or outstanding 

Common Stock, par value; authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding: at July 31, 2024 and at July 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Years ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenues 

Operating costs, expenses and legal settlements, net: 

Cost of revenues 

Cost of revenue inventory provision 

Research and development 

Selling, general, and administrative 

Legal and related expenses 

Total costs and expenses, net 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of convertible debentures 

Other 

Foreign exchange (loss) gain 

Loss before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

Gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax 

Net (loss) income 

Net (loss) income per common share basic and diluted: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Total net (loss) income per basic and diluted common share 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(LOSS) 

(in thousands) 

Years ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net (loss) income 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

Years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 

(in thousands, except share data) 

Common Stock Shares Issued 
 Common Stock Amount 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Total Stockholders Equity 
 
 Balance at July 31, 2022 

Net income for the year ended July 31, 2023 

Vesting of restricted stock 

Vesting of performance stock 

Exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock (net of expenses of 

Share-based compensation charges 

Issuance of common stock for employee 401(k) plan match 

Issuance of warrants 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Balance at July 31, 2023 

Net loss for the year ended July 31, 2024 

Vesting of restricted and performance stock issued 

Common stock issued for Asset Purchase Agreement bonus payment 

Share-based compensation charges 

Issuance of common stock for employee 401(k) plan match 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Balance at July 31, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(in thousands) 

Year ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating
activities: 

Gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax 

Change in fair value of convertible debentures 

Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment 

Share-based compensation charges 

Share-based 401(k) employer match expense 

Foreign exchange loss (gain) 

Provision for inventories 

(Gain) loss on lease termination or impairments of other
 assets 

Impairment of right-of-use asset discontinued
 operations 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable trade 

Accrued liabilities, other current liabilities and other liabilities 

Total adjustments 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Net proceeds from sale of discontinued operations 

Capital expenditures 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Cash payments for taxes related to net share settlements of equity compensation and awards 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock through ATM 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible debentures and warrants 

Repayments of convertible debentures 

Cost of issuance of convertible debentures and warrants 

Proceeds from borrowings under revolving credit agreement 

Repayments under revolving credit agreement 

Repayments under mortgage agreement and capital leases 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash - beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash - end of year 

Composition of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash is as follows: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

million in cash, subject to customary closing adjustments. In accordance with the sale, we ceased our clinical
services operations. As a consequence of the sale, for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, we have classified as discontinued operations all income
and expenses attributable to the clinical services business, the gain from the sale of the clinical services assets, and the income tax
expense attributed to the sale of the clinical services assets. Excluded from the sale of the clinical services assets were its cash and
accounts receivable. 

Closing and transaction costs 

Consideration from sale of the Clinical Labs business net 

Net book value of assets sold or abandoned 

Gain on sale of the Clinical Labs business before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Gain on the sale of the Clinical Labs business after income taxes 

Proceeds due on sale of assets, cash held in escrow 

Net cash proceeds from sale 

We incurred in closing and transaction costs associated with
the sale of the Clinical Labs business, which were comprised of (i) transaction fees and related closing costs of and (ii) performance
bonuses to certain employees associated with the sale of the business of . The compensation committee of our board of directors
approved these compensation arrangements. 

F- 8 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

Cost of revenues 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

Legal and related expenses 

Other expense (a) 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Gain on sale of business before taxes 

Income tax refund (expense) on gain 

(Loss) income from discontinued operations 

for the leased building formerly used by the discontinued
operations. Other expense also includes legal settlements and accruals of and for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. See
Note 17 Contingencies. 

Prepaid and other current 

Total current assets 

Carrying amounts of major current liabilities included as part of discontinued operations: 

Accrued liabilities and trade payables 

Operating lease liabilities and other 

Total current liabilities 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations, net 

Carrying amount of major non-current assets included as part of discontinued operations: 

Right-of-use assets 

Other 

Total non- current assets 

Carrying amount of major non-current liabilities included as part of discontinued operations: 

Operating lease liabilities and other 

Non-current (liabilities) assets of discontinued operations, net 

During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024, the cash used in operating
activities and in investing activities of the discontinued operation was and , respectively. During the fiscal year ended July
31, 2023, the cash used in operating activities of the discontinued operations was , and the cash provided by investing activities
was . 

F- 9 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

F- 10 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

and , respectively. 

of the Products segment s total purchases. 

and , respectively. As of July 31, 2024 and 2023, these totals include foreign
receivables, net of and , respectively. As of July 31, 2022, Products accounts receivable, net were , which includes
 of foreign receivables, net. 

million was fully reserved at July 31, 2023, which was reflected in a separate line item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations
as Cost of revenues-inventory provision. The machines were sold to a liquidator in fiscal 2024 resulting in immaterial proceeds. Write
downs of inventories to net realizable value are based on a review of inventory quantities on hand and estimated sales forecasts based
on sales history and anticipated future demand. Unanticipated changes in demand could have a significant impact on the value of our inventory
and require additional write downs of inventory, which would impact our results of operations. 

F- 11 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

- 
years; laboratory machinery and equipment, office furniture and computer equipment: - years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over
the term of the related leases or estimated useful lives of the assets, whichever is shorter. 

and for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. 

F- 12 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

and , respectively, of outstanding out of the money options to purchase common shares were excluded from
the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding because their effect would be anti-dilutive. For the years ended July 31,
2024 and 2023, the effect of approximately and , respectively, of outstanding restricted stock units were excluded from
the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding because their effect would be anti-dilutive. During the years ended July
31, 2024 and 2023, the effect of approximately and , respectively, of outstanding warrants were excluded from the calculation
of diluted weighted average shares outstanding because their effect would be anti-dilutive. During the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023,
the effect of approximately and , respectively, of shares related to the assumed conversion of the Debentures were excluded
from the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding because their effect would be anti-dilutive. The convertible Debentures
were fully repaid by July 31, 2024. 

Net (loss) income from discontinued operations 

Net (loss) income 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic 

Net (loss) income per common share basic and diluted: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Total net (loss) income per basic and diluted common share 

F- 13 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

and , respectively (see
Note 14). No excess tax benefits were recognized for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Selling, general and administrative 

F- 14 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

Europe 

Asia Pacific 

Products revenue 

F- 15 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

. In the year ended July 31, 2023, interest paid by the Company, including penalties and fees, approximated . 

For the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, the net reductions in the
measurement of right-of-use assets and liabilities included in cash flows from operating activities was approximately and , respectively.
The changes are included in changes in accrued liabilities, other current liabilities, and other liabilities in the consolidated statements
of cash flows. 

In connection with the completed sale of certain assets used in the
operation of Enzo Clinical Labs at the end of fiscal 2023, of escrowed proceeds are included in cash in escrow as of July 31, 2024
and in other assets as of July 31, 2023. 

During the year ended July 31, 2024, state taxes paid on the gain on
the sale of the Enzo Clinical Labs business was . For the year ended July 31, 2023, tax on capital paid by the Company was . 

During the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company issued common
stock in connection with its share-based 401(k) employer match in the amount of and , respectively. 

During fiscal 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock
in settlement of Asset Purchase Agreement bonuses totaling to an officer and a former officer. 

Work in process 

Finished products 

Machinery and equipment 

Office furniture and computer equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Land and land improvements 

At July 31, 2023, building and building improvements included construction
in progress of approximately . 

F- 16 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

Provision for uncollectible accounts receivable 

State and local tax carry forward losses 

Stock compensation 

Depreciation 

Research and development and other tax credit carryforwards 

Lease liabilities 

Foreign tax carryforward losses 

Intangibles and goodwill 

Inventory 

Accrued expenses 

Other, net 

Deferred tax assets 

Right-of-use assets 

Prepaid expenses 

Other, net 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

The Company recorded a valuation allowance during the years ended July
31, 2024 and 2023 equal to domestic and foreign net deferred tax assets. The Company believes that the valuation allowance is necessary
as it is not more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized in the foreseeable future based on positive and negative
evidence available at this time. This conclusion was reached because of uncertainties relating to future taxable income, in terms of both
its timing and its sufficiency, which would enable the Company to realize the deferred tax assets. For fiscal years 2024 and 2023, the
change in the valuation allowance was and ), respectively. 

As of July 31, 2024, the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss
carryforwards of approximately of which , and which do not
expire. The Company has State and local net operating loss carryforwards of and , respectively, which expire through 2044.
Utilization is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income prior to expiration of the tax loss carryforwards. 

In addition, the Company has research and development tax credit carryforwards
of approximately as of July 31, 2024, which expire between and . As of July 31, 2024, the Company had foreign loss carryforwards
of approximately , which with few exceptions do not expire. 

International operations 

Loss before taxes 

F- 17 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

Compensation and other expenses not deductible for income tax return purposes 

Change in valuation allowance, net 

Because there are no undistributed earnings at the Company s
foreign subsidiaries at July 31, 2024, no U.S. federal income taxes have been provided. As of July 31, 2024, the Company has no liabilities
for uncertain tax positions. It is the Company s policy to record tax-related interest and penalties as a component of tax expense.
The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. Federal jurisdiction, various U.S. state jurisdictions and several foreign jurisdictions.
With few exceptions, the fiscal years that remain subject to examination are July 31, 2021 through July 31, 2024. 

Original Issue Discount Secured Convertible Debentures (the Debentures with an aggregate principal amount of 
and (ii) warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common
Stock ), for an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustments as set forth in the Warrants, for a total purchase price
of . The Purchase Agreement contained customary representations, warranties and covenants. 

The transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement were consummated
in May 2023. Pursuant to ASC 825, Fair Value Option , the Company made an irrevocable election at the time of issuance to report
the Debentures at fair value with changes in fair value recorded through the Company s consolidated statements of operations as
other income (expense) in each reporting period. 

Debentures 

The Debentures bore interest at a rate of per annum. The Debentures
were convertible, at any time after their issuance date at the option of the Purchasers, into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price
equal to per share (the Conversion Price ), subject to adjustment as set forth in the Debentures. Following the July
24, 2023 consummation of the Company s sale of certain assets and assignment of certain liabilities of Enzo Clinical Labs, Inc.,
to Labcorp pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement dated March 16, 2023, the Company prepaid of the outstanding principal amount
prior to July 31, 2023. In May 2024, the Company repaid in full the remaining principal balance of . 

Issuance of convertible Debentures and warrants at fair value 

Allocation of warrants to additional paid in capital based on relative fair value 

Change in fair value of convertible Debentures 

Repayment 

Fair value, July 31 

F- 18 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

from May 19, 2023, at an
exercise price of per share, subject, with certain exceptions, to adjustments in the event of stock splits, dividends, subsequent
dilutive offerings and certain fundamental transactions, as more fully described in the Warrant. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

In connection with the Purchase Agreement, on May 19, 2023, the Company
and the Purchasers entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, pursuant to which the Company was obligated to register the shares of
Company Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Debentures and the Warrants. The Company registered the shares effective July 18, 2023.
With the full payoff of the Debentures, there is no longer a right to a conversion of the Debentures into shares. 

Other 

In March 2023, the Company entered into a Revolving Loan and Security
Agreement with Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL as lender specializing in direct lending to middle-market companies
in the healthcare sector. The credit facility provided for a maximum revolving line of credit based on the Company s eligible
accounts receivable. The annual interest rate was equal to the 90 day term SOFR rate plus . The line of credit would terminate one
year from closing and unused line fees and early prepayment penalties would apply. We repaid this loan in July 2023 using proceeds from
the Labcorp transaction and paid a prepayment penalty recorded to interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

for a term of years, bore a fixed interest rate of per annum and required monthly mortgage payments
of principal and interest of . The Company s obligations under the mortgage agreement were secured by the building and by a 
cash collateral deposit with the mortgagee as additional security. In July 2023, we repaid in full the mortgage balance of without
prepayment penalty. The cash collateral deposit was released in August 2023 and was included in prepaid and other assets as of
July 31, 2023. 

In April 2020, our subsidiary in Switzerland received a loan of CHF
 (or , based on the foreign exchange rate as of July 31, 2020) from the Swiss government under the Corona Krise emergency
loan program in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. This loan is uncollateralized and bears interest. In January 2022, the bank agent
of the Swiss government informed our subsidiary that the loan had to be fully amortized within a maximum of eight years and that the first
of semiannual amortization payments of CHF would begin in March 2022. In March 2022, the subsidiary made its first semi-annual principal
repayment of CHF (or based on exchange rates). Based on this amortization schedule, the loan will be repaid by September 2027.
The current portion of this loan is included in other current liabilities and the long term portion in long term debt net as of
July 31, 2024 and 2023. 

F- 19 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total principal payments 

Less: current portion, included in other current liabilities 

Long term debt net 

year to years. The Company s lease
terms may include renewal options that are reasonably certain to be exercised and termination options that are reasonably certain not
to be exercised. 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities 

Current: 

Operating 
 Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Non-current: 

Operating 
 Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

Total lease liabilities 

(a) Net of and sublease income for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

F- 20 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest (a) 

Present value of lease liabilities 

years years Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases 

See Note 5 for cash flow information on cash paid for amounts included
in the measurement of lease liabilities for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Professional fees 

Legal 

Other 

Self-Insured Medical Plan 

The Company self-funds medical insurance coverage for certain of its
U.S. based employees. The risk to the Company is believed to be limited through the use of individual and aggregate stop loss insurance.
As of July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had established reserves of and , respectively, which are included in accrued liabilities
for payroll, benefits and commissions, for claims that have been reported but not paid and for claims that have been incurred but not
reported. The reserve is based upon the Company s historical payment trends, claim history and current estimates. 

F- 21 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

and , respectively. 

per share, Shares having an aggregate offering price of up to million. The Company pays Riley a commission of of the aggregate gross proceeds received
under the Sale Agreement. The Company is not obligated to make any sales of Shares under the Sales Agreement. The offering of Shares pursuant
to the Sales Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (a) the sale of all of the Shares subject to the Sales Agreement or (b) the
termination of the Sales Agreement by Riley or the Company, as permitted therein. In May 2023, the Company filed with the SEC a shelf 
registration and sales agreement prospectus covering the Sales Agreement. A total of million of securities, including those covered
by the Sales Agreement, may be sold under the shelf registration, which was declared effective in July 2023. During the fourth quarter
of the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, the Company sold shares for net proceeds of . There was no activity during the fiscal
year ended July 31, 2024. 

Common stock issuances 

In fiscal 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant
to its employees 401(k) matching contribution obligation of . In fiscal 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock
pursuant to its employees 401(k) matching contribution obligation of . During fiscal 2024, the Company issued shares
of common stock in settlement of Asset Purchase Agreement bonuses totaling to an officer and former officer. 

Incentive stock plans 

In January 2011, the Company s stockholders approved the adoption
of the 2011 Incentive Plan (the 2011 Plan for the issuance of equity awards, including, among others, options, restricted
stock, restricted stock units and performance stock units for up to shares of common stock. In January 2018, the Company s
stockholders approved the amendment and restatement of the 2011 Plan (the Amended and Restated 2011 Plan to increase the
number of shares of common stock available for grant under the 2011 Plan by shares of common stock bringing the total number
of shares available for grant to shares of common stock. On October 7, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved
the amendment and restatement of the Amended and Restated 2011 Plan, with an effective date of October 7, 2020 and subject to approval
by the Company s stockholders at the 2020 annual meeting of stockholders of the Company. The amendment and restatement of the Amended
and Restated 2011 Plan was for purposes of, among other things, (i) increasing the shares of common stock available for grant under the
Amended and Restated 2011 Plan by an additional shares of common stock bringing the total number of shares available for grant
to shares of common stock and (ii) extending the term of the Amended and Restated 2011 Plan until October 7, 2030. In January
2021, the Company s stockholders approved the amendment and restatement of the Amended and Restated 2011 Plan. 

The exercise price of options granted under the Amended and Restated
2011 Plan is equal to or greater than fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant. The Amended and Restated 2011 Plan will
terminate at the earliest of (a) such time as no shares of common stock remain available for issuance under the plan, (b) termination
of the plan by the Company s Board of Directors, or (c) October 7, 2030. Awards outstanding upon expiration of the Amended and Restated
2011 Plan will remain in effect until they have been exercised or terminated, or have expired. As of July 31, 2024, there were approximately
 shares of common stock available for grant under the Amended and Restated 2011 Plan. 

F- 22 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

New Grants 

Exercised 

Expired or forfeited 

Outstanding at end of year 

Exercisable at end of year 

Weighted average fair value of options granted during year 

The intrinsic value of stock option awards represents the value of
the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the fiscal year in excess of the exercise price multiplied by the number
of options that are outstanding. Total intrinsic value of outstanding options that were exercisable at July 31, 2024 and 2023 was .
The intrinsic value of options outstanding at July 31, 2024 and 2023 was . The intrinsic value of the options exercised in fiscal 2023
was . 

2023 

F- 23 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

- - - 

- - - 

Restricted Stock Units 

During fiscal year 2024, the Company awarded to its three independent
directors RSUs, which vest over and had a fair market value of at the time of grant, and to its CEO RSUs,
which vest over and had a fair market value of at the time of grant. One director resigned, thereby forfeiting 
RSU s. During fiscal year 2024, the Company recognized share based compensation expense, net of for these RSUs. 

During fiscal year 2023, the Company awarded to its former CEO 
RSUs, which were to cliff vest annually over three years and had a fair market value of at the time of grant. In November 2021, 
non-plan RSUs were awarded to the former CEO, which were to vest over on the anniversary of his hiring. The fair market value
of those RSUs at the date of grant was . During the fiscal year 2024, the vesting of the remaining RSUs from the November
2021 award was accelerated and the RSUs from his fiscal year 2023 award were cancelled as a result of his termination. In fiscal
year 2024, the Company recognized share based compensation expense, net of for these RSUs. 

During fiscal year 2023, the Company awarded to its three independent
directors RSUs, which vest over and had a fair market value of at the time of grant. During fiscal years 2024 and
2023, the Company recognized share based compensation expense of for these RSUs. 

F- 24 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

years Granted Vested Cancelled Outstanding at end of period years Expected to vest at end of period years 

Certain directors had not taken their vested RSU shares, totaling ,
as of July 31, 2023. These shares were issued during fiscal 2024. As of July 31, 2024, there was of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to non-vested share-based payment arrangements granted under the Amended and Restated 2011 Plan, which will be recognized
over a weighted average remaining life of approximately one and a half years. 

Performance Stock Units 

In fiscal 2024, the Company recognized no share based compensation
for Performance Stock Units PSUs because no PSUs were outstanding during the period, and issued shares of stock,
net of taxes to a senior executive who had previously vested in the shares. In fiscal 2023, the Company recognized net of share based
compensation for PSUs and issued shares for awards made in fiscal year 2019 and vested at the end of fiscal 2022. 

of the employees contribution, payable in Enzo
Biochem, Inc. common stock. 

The share-based 401(k) employer expense was approximately and
 in fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company accrued a total of and , respectively,
in 401(k) matching contribution obligations within the accrued liabilities account. 

The Company s Swiss operation provides a Pillar 2 government
sponsored defined benefit pension plan under the Swiss government s social security system for Swiss employees (the Swiss
Plan ). Under the Swiss Plan, the Company and its employees are obligated to pay agreed upon amounts into the Swiss Plan at the
same time. During the fiscal years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company contributed and , respectively to the Swiss Plan. 

Under Pillar 2 plans, the accumulated benefit balance of a former
employee is transferred to their new employer or a government retirement account and the sponsoring company s liability regarding
its former employee is thereby released. The contract for the Company s Swiss Plan automatically renews on its annual anniversary
unless notice of termination is provided three months prior. The current contract will automatically renew on December 31, 2024. Currently,
the Company has no plans to change the current funding or plan design. No events have occurred that would impact the Swiss Plan status. 

F- 25 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

.
In addition to the minimum annual rentals of space, the lease is subject to annual increases, based on the consumer price index. Annual
increases are limited to per year. Rent expense for this lease, inclusive of real estate taxes, approximated and during
fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. The minimum payments under this related party lease as of July 31, 2024 are , and
 for fiscal years ending July 31, 2025, July 31, 2026 and July 31, 2027, respectively. 

individuals. The Social Security numbers of approximately
 of these individuals may also have been involved. Additionally, the Company determined that some employees information
may have been involved. The Company provided notice to the individuals whose information may have been involved, as well as to regulatory
authorities, in accordance with applicable law. 

As a result of the ransomware attack, Enzo was subject to regulatory
inquiry from the New York Attorney General, a joint inquiry from the Connecticut and New Jersey Attorneys General and an inquiry from
the Utah Attorney General. All inquiries asked questions about the ransomware attack, as well as the corrective actions taken in response. 
The Company responded to all such inquiries, and there have been no further inquiries from the Utah Attorney General. The matters with
the New York, Connecticut and New Jersey Attorneys General are now closed, as they were resolved by agreements with each of the three
states signed on August 8, 2024 for New York, August 12, 2024 for Connecticut, and August 13, 2024 for New Jersey. A provision was recorded
in the consolidated financial statements as of July 31, 2024 based on the settlement terms of the agreements. 

Enzo was also subject to regulatory inquiries
from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights (the Office for Civil Rights regarding the
ransomware attack. The Company has responded to all requests. It is not known at this time whether the Office for Civil Rights will seek
a penalty against the Company. We are unable to evaluate the likelihood of an outcome, favorable or unfavorable, to the Company or to
estimate the amount or range of any potential liability, if any, at this time. 

There is also pending class action litigation: 

In re Enzo Biochem Data Breach Litigation ,
No. 2:23-cv-04282 (EDNY) 

In the Eastern District of New York EDNY ), twenty putative
class actions were consolidated alleging various harms stemming from the April 2023 data incident. Lead counsel was appointed and filed
a Consolidated Amended Complaint on November 13, 2023. The complaint sought to certify a federal class as well as several state subclasses.
The Consolidated Amended Complaint brings various statutory and common law claims, including negligence, negligence per se, breach of
fiduciary duty, breach of implied contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, violation of the New York s
General Business Law 349, Invasion of Privacy, violations of the Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act, and violations of the
New Jersey Consumer Fraud Act. An agreement in principle to settle the case has been reached. The Company expects to have the agreement
formalized before the end of the 2024 calendar year. 

F- 26 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

F- 27 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

in fiscal year 2022.
The charge was partially offset by the reversal of bonus accruals. In May 2022, the Company paid Dr. Rabbani in severance (the
payment constituted taxable income, but the Company did not withhold taxes from the payment). In July 2022, the Company paid Dr. Rabbani s
income and other withholding taxes of related to that payment on Dr. Rabbani s behalf. On July 8, 2022, the Company filed
a demand for arbitration with the American Arbitration Association (the AAA seeking, among other things, a declaration
that the Company had fully satisfied its contractual obligations to Dr. Rabbani and seeking the tax withholding reimbursement referenced
above. On August 4, 2022, Dr. Rabbani filed counterclaims in the arbitration seeking, among other things, a bonus for fiscal year
2021 and additional severance that he asserted was owed to him. At the parties joint request, the arbitration has been stayed
while the parties work towards resolving the matter. A provision was made in the consolidated financial statements as of July 31, 2023
based on a reasonable estimate of loss; however, the actual exposure may differ. 

On February 25, 2022, Barry Weiner, the Company s co-founder
and President, notified the Company that he was terminating his employment as President of the Company for Good Reason, 
as defined in his employment agreement. The Company accepted Mr. Weiner s termination, effective April 19, 2022, but disagreed with
Mr. Weiner s assertion regarding Good Reason. On October 24, 2023, the Company and Mr. Weiner reached an agreement
resolving the dispute, and a provision was made in the financial consolidated statements as of July 31, 2023 based on the settlement agreement.
The Company paid Mr. Weiner , less applicable withholding taxes, related to the agreement in November 2023. 

Other Matters 

On or about March 2, 2023, a Verified Complaint was filed in the Supreme
Court of the State of New York, New York County captioned Elazar Rabbani (as plaintiff) v. Mary Tagliaferri, et al. (as defendants), Index
No. 651120/2023. The Verified Complaint purports to assert causes of action for breach of fiduciary duty and corporate waste under N.Y.B.C.L.
 720, and seeks an accounting and certain injunctive relief. On August 4, 2023, defendants moved to dismiss all the causes of action
asserted in the Verified Complaint. Plaintiff filed an amended complaint on or about October 4, 2023, adding, among other things,
an additional cause of action for violation of N.Y.B.C.L. 626. On October 23, 2023, defendants filed a reply in further support
of their motion to dismiss. On November 6, 2023, plaintiff filed an opposition to defendants motion to dismiss. On November 17,
2023, defendants filed a reply brief in further support of their motion to dismiss the amended complaint. On or about July 17, 2024, the
Court granted, in part, the defendants motion to dismiss the amended complaint. On or about August 16, 2024, plaintiff noticed
an appeal from the order granting that dismissal. On or about September 18, 2024, plaintiff filed a Verified Second Amended Complaint.
On October 11, 2024, the defendants filed a joint stipulation and letter requesting the court to extend the deadline to respond to the
Second Amended complaint from October 18, 2024 to November 18, 2024. We intend to file a motion to dismiss the Second Amended complaint
with prejudice. The Company cannot predict the outcome of this matter or estimate the amount or range of any potential liability, if any,
at this time. 

On or about September 26, 2023, James G. Wolf, individually and as
the trustee of the Wolf Family Charitable Foundation, Barbaranne R. Wolf, Stephen Paul Wolf, and Preston M. Wolf (collectively the Petitioners initiated an appraisal action against Enzo in the New York Supreme Court for Suffolk County. Petitioners seek an appraisal of the value
of their shares in the Company. The amount of damages sought by the Petitioners is unspecified. On or about August 21, 2024, the Court
dismissed the Company s Second and Third Affirmative Defenses. On or about September 19, 2024, the Court granted the Company permission
to move for leave to reargue the Court s dismissal decision. Motion papers were filed on October 16, 2024, opposition papers are
due November 18, 2024, and reply papers are due December 4, 2024. We do not anticipate a decision until sometime in the first quarter
of 2025. The Company intends to vigorously litigate both (i) Petitioners alleged entitlement to dissenting shareholder appraisal
rights and (ii) the correct valuation of Petitioners shares. 

In our discontinued Clinical Labs operations, third-party payers,
including government programs, may decide to deny payment or recoup payments for testing that they contend was improperly billed or
not medically necessary, against their coverage determinations, or for which they believe they have otherwise overpaid (including as
a result of their own error), and we may be required to refund payments that we received. In April 2024, the Company engaged in
settlement negotiations for a government payer and reached a verbal settlement. The settlement was finalized in a formal written
settlement agreement on August 14, 2024. The settlement resolved allegations that Enzo
Clinical Labs, Inc. overbilled the Connecticut Medicaid program for testing services. A provision is included in the
consolidated financial statements based on the agreement, and the settlement was paid in August 2024 for . 

Provisions for the above matters, based on a reasonable estimate of
loss, totaled approximately at July 31, 2023 and at July 31, 2024, for both continuing and discontinued operations, including
matters separately disclosed in Note 17 above. 

F- 28 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

reportable segment, Products, which focuses on
labeling and detection technologies from DNA to whole cell analysis, including a comprehensive portfolio of thousands of high-quality
products, including antibodies, genomic probes, assays, biochemicals, and proteins. The Company s proprietary products and technologies
play central roles in translational research and drug development areas, including cell biology, genomics, assays, immunohistochemistry,
and small molecule chemistry. The Company evaluates segment performance based on segment income (loss) before taxes. Costs excluded from
segment income (loss) before taxes and reported as Corporate Other consist of corporate general and administrative
costs, which are not allocable to the Products segment. 

Legal and related expenses incurred to defend the Company s intellectual
property, which may result in settlements recognized in another segment, and other general corporate matters are considered a component
of the Corporate Other segment. Legal and related expenses specific to the Products segment s activities are allocated
to that segment. 

The accounting policies of the reportable
segment are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. 

Year ended July 31, 2024 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenues 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Legal and related expenses 

Total operating costs and expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense) 

Interest 

Other, net 

Fair value adjustment 

Foreign exchange loss 

Loss before taxes 

Depreciation and amortization included above 

Share-based compensation included above: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Cost of sales 

Total 

Capital expenditures 

F- 29 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

July 31, 2024 

(Dollars in thousands except share data) 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenues 

Costs of revenues inventory provision 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Legal and related expenses 

Total operating costs and expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense) 

Interest 

Change in fair value of convertible debentures 

Other 

Foreign exchange gain 

Loss before taxes 

Depreciation and amortization included above 

Share-based compensation included above: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Cost of sales 

Total 

Capital expenditures 

, subject to standard
payroll deductions and withholdings; (ii) a lump-sum payment of , representing his annual bonus; (iii) a grant of restricted shares
of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ), in an amount equal to with 
of the restricted Common Stock granted as soon as reasonably practicable after September 13, 2023, and the remaining granted on the
earlier of July 24, 2024 or a Change in Control of the Company (as defined in Mr. Erfanian s employment agreement with the Company);
and (iv) the immediate vesting on the Separation Date of the remainder of a restricted stock unit award of shares of Common Stock
and option to purchase shares of Common Stock that were previously granted to Mr. Erfanian upon his employment outside of the
Company s 2011 Plan. The foregoing are subject to continued compliance with existing restrictive covenants under Mr. Erfanian s
employment agreement with the Company and his reaffirmation. 

The severance benefits with respect to salary and bonus were accrued
during the first quarter of fiscal 2024. The share-based charges related to the immediate vesting of the remainder of the restricted stock
unit award and options granted upon employment were also recognized during the first quarter of fiscal 2024. 

per share on its common stock, payable on December 2, 2024 ,
to the holders of record as of the close of business on November 15 , 2024. 

F- 30 

ENZO BIOCHEM, INC 
SCHEDULE II 
VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
As of and for the Years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 
(in thousands) 

(103) (1) 

2023 
 Allowance for expected credit losses 

2024 
 Deferred tax valuation allowance 

2023 
 Deferred tax valuation allowance 

(1) 

S- 1 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ea021860201ex4-1_enzobio.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 

General Matters 

Pursuant to our Certificate
of Incorporation, as amended, the total amount of our authorized capital stock is 100,000,000 shares, which consists of 75,000,000 shares
of authorized common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and 25,000,000 shares of authorized preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. 

As of October 25, 2024, we
had outstanding 52,244,074 shares of common stock and no shares of preferred stock. As of October 25, 2024 we had approximately 685 holders
of record of our common stock. 

The following summary of our
capital stock does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by, our Certificate of Incorporation, as
amended, and our Amended and Restated By-laws. 

Common Stock 

The holders of shares of common
stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. All shares of our
common stock are entitled to share equally in any dividends our board of directors may declare from legally available sources. Our common
stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ENZ . The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock
is Equiniti. 

Preferred Stock 

Our
board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series
and to fix and determine the following terms of the preferred stock by resolution: variations in the designations, preferences, and relative,
participating, optional or other special rights (including, without limitation, special voting rights, of conversion in common stock or
other securities, redemption provisions or sinking fund provisions) as between series and between the preferred stock and any series thereof
and the common stock, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such rights, all as shall be stated in a resolution of the
board of directors. Shares of preferred stock or any series thereof may have full or limited voting powers, or be without voting powers,
all as shall be stated in a resolution of the board of directors. 

Any
or all of these rights may be greater than the rights of our common stock. Currently there is no issued and outstanding preferred stock. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21>
 3
 ea021860201ex21_enzobio.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit 21 

List of subsidiaries of the Company 

Enzo Clinical Labs, Inc., a New York Corporation 

Enzo Life Sciences, Inc., a New York Corporation 

Enzo Life Sciences (ELS) AG, in Lausen, Switzerland, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Enzo Life Sciences, Inc. 

Enzo Therapeutics, Inc., a New York Corporation 

Enzo Realty LLC, a New York Corporation 

Enzo Realty II, LLC, a New York Corporation 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ea021860201ex23-1_enzobio.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statements of Enzo Biochem, Inc. on Form S-3 (No. 333-272727) and Form S-8 (Nos 333-260894 and 333-252159)
of our report dated October 29, 2024, on our audits of the financial statements and financial statement schedule as of July 31, 2024 and
2023 and for each of the years then ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed on or about October
29, 2024. 

/s/ EisnerAmper LLP 

EISNERAMPER LLP 

 West Palm Beach, Florida 

 October 29, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.A>
 5
 ea021860201ex31a_enzobio.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31 (a) 

CERTIFICATIONS 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enzo Biochem,
Inc. the Company for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof, I, Kara Cannon, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enzo Biochem,
Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee
of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 29, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Kara Cannon 

Kara Cannon 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 6
 ea021860201ex31b_enzobio.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31 (b) 

CERTIFICATIONS 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enzo Biochem,
Inc. the Company for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof, I, Patricia Eckert, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 
1350, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enzo Biochem,
Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee
of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 29, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Patricia Eckert 

Patricia Eckert 

Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32.A>
 7
 ea021860201ex32a_enzobio.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32
(a) 

CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Enzo Biochem, Inc., and Subsidiaries the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kara Cannon, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: October 29, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Kara Cannon 

Kara Cannon 

Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906,
or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic
version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Act Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.A>

<EX-32.B>
 8
 ea021860201ex32b_enzobio.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32
(b) 

CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Enzo Biochem, Inc., and Subsidiaries the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Patricia Eckert, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 29, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Patricia Eckert 

Patricia Eckert 

Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906,
or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic
version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Act Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.B>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 enz-20240731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 enz-20240731_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 enz-20240731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 enz-20240731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 enz-20240731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

