<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241010_10-K_edgar_data_1350156_0001262463-24-000089.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2514467</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>86218</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>650828</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>555891</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>531480</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>636685</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001262463-24-000089.hdr.sgml : 20241010
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241010152809
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001262463-24-000089
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241010
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241010

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PREAXIA HEALTH CARE PAYMENT SYSTEMS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001350156
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-HOME FURNITURE, FURNISHINGS & EQUIPMENT STORES [5700]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				204395271
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52365
		FILM NUMBER:		241365060

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		#207, 1410 ? 11TH AVENUE SW
		CITY:			CALGARY
		STATE:			A0
		ZIP:			T3C 0M8
		BUSINESS PHONE:		306-653-5080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O LIZ?E GAUTHIER CGA
		STREET 2:		202 ? 3550 TAYLOR STREET E
		CITY:			SASKATOON
		STATE:			A9
		ZIP:			S7H 5H9

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUN WORLD PARTNERS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060119

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001262463-24-000089.txt : 20241010

10-K
 1
 paxh5312024k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended , 2024 

 or 

 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from ________________
to________________ 

 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 Identification No.) 

, , , 

 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including
area code 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 None 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: 

(Title of class) 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes [ ] [X] 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 
 [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 [ X ] No [ ] 

1 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer [ ] 
 
 Accelerated filer [ ] 
 
 [X] 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
Yes [ ] No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

State the aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average
bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal
quarter. Approximately on November 30, 2023. 

(APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS) 

 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 

shares of common stock as of October 10, 2024 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Not Applicable. 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 3 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. 
 3 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 3 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 7 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 7 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 7 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 7 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 7 

PART II 
 7 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 7 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 8 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 8 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 11 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 11 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 12 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 12 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 12 

PART III 
 13 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 13 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 16 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 18 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 18 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 19 

PART IV 
 20 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 20 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 20 

SIGNATURES 
 21 

3 

PART I 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. 

 This annual report contains forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements are projections in respect of future events or our future financial performance. In some cases,
you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, intend, expect, ,
 plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, 
or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve
known and unknown risks, including uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels
of activity or performance to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity or performance expressed or implied
by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include: a continued downturn in international economic conditions;
any adverse occurrence with respect to the development or marketing of our product; any adverse occurrence with respect to any of our
licensing agreements; our ability to successfully bring products to market; product development or other initiatives by our competitors;
fluctuations in the availability and cost of materials required to produce our products; any adverse occurrence with respect to distribution
of our products; potential negative financial impact from claims, lawsuits and other legal proceedings or challenges; and other factors
beyond our control. 

 Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity or performance. Except as required
by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements
to conform these statements to actual results. 

 As used in this annual report, the terms we, 
 us, our, the Corporation, and PreAxia mean PreAxia Health Care Payment Systems
Inc. and our and its wholly owned subsidiaries (i) PreAxia Health Care Payment Systems Inc., incorporated pursuant to the laws of the
Province of Alberta on January 28, 2008 (ii) PreAxia Canada Inc., incorporated pursuant to the laws of the Province of Alberta on January
28, 2008 and (iii) PreAxia Health Care Payment Ltd., incorporated pursuant to the laws of the Province of Alberta on November 26, 2015
(collectively, the Subsidiaries ), unless the context clearly requires otherwise. Unless otherwise stated, 
refers to United States dollars. 

 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

 Corporate Overview 

 PreAxia Health Care Payment Systems Inc. (the
 Company or PreAxia was incorporated on April 3, 2000 in the State of Nevada. 

 The Company primarily undertakes its operations
through its wholly owned subsidiary, PreAxia Health Care Payment Limited PreAxia Payment ). PreAxia Payment was incorporated
pursuant to the laws of the Province of Alberta on November 26, 2015. 

 General Overview 

PreAxia Payment is a company which intends
to deliver a comprehensive suite of solutions and services directed at the emerging health payment market, specifically the opportunities
tied to the growth of health spending accounts HSA ). There is a rapid shift in healthcare traditional payment models to
consumer-directed healthcare that is creating significant opportunities for financial services and insurance industries to deliver new
dynamic products to this emerging market. 

 Spawned by the need to address escalating health
care costs, changes in the regulatory environment and the growing consumer desire for greater participation in the management of their
health benefits, the boundaries between health care and the financial services industries are becoming increasingly blurred. With the
trend towards self-directed health payment solutions and the growing demand for faster, easier and more convenient benefit services, the
insurance and benefits industries are banking on HSA medical payments being their next big growth conduit. Studies suggest that HSAs in
the US reached 123.3 billion in assets in 2023 and 34.7 million consumers in 2023, an increase of more than 18 of assets over the prior
year. This coupled with the continued growth of the Canadian group insurance industry illustrates the emerging opportunity for innovative
health payment services. We intend to initially launch our products in Canada. We believe that Canadian businesses are embracing a new
healthcare financing vehicle to provide greater value to employees, increase profitability and get more return from their investment.
We intend to provide them with services to capture this market opportunity. 

 Description of Health Spending Account HSA 

An HSA is a uniquely designed account established
exclusively and specifically for the purpose of health care spending. An employer deposits funds into a special account for the employee.
These funds can be used to pay for eligible medical and related health care expenses for the employee and their dependents. HSAs provide
employers and employees with greater control in both the amount of funds invested and how these funds are used. 

4 

Services and infrastructure provided by PreAxia enable
organizations and individuals to eliminate all paper involved in the management of these accounts and benefit through savings in time
and money. 

The PreAxia platform for processing and managing accounts,
including cardholder and customer account management, reconciliation and financial settlement, and customer reporting is fully operational. 

Over time, the Company will evaluate opportunities
for forms of virtual banking and PayPal-type services. One opportunity seen as particularly relevant to the health care market is to offer
instant issuing services that enable corporations to issue and fund Pre-Paid Interac or credit card services to beneficiaries in real
time. If implemented, the beneficiary will most likely select a personal identification number PIN using a PIN and card
activation terminal, thus gaining instant access to funds that can be reloaded. This consideration would require development of software
systems for the issuing of health payment cards and financial transaction processing services that would be fully managed by a data center. 

Matching of consumers in need of health care
products or services with providers is another area PreAxia intends to evaluate. Consumers managing their health care dollars through
an online system will find convenience in seeking out health care professionals and services through the same system . 

 Distribution Methods and Marketing Strategy 

 PreAxia operates on a Cloud Computing Platform
that makes it accessible to anyone with a personal computer and Internet access. The preliminary market for PreAxia s HSA Management
Solution is small and medium sized companies that are not currently well served by the current group benefits model. The financial benefits
of the PreAxia business model, however, are also relevant to larger employers and we believe that these larger employers will migrate
to the PreAxia product over time. 

 PreAxia s marketing strategy is to promote
its existing platform direct to consumers and businesses, and to the groups that most need access to its independent brokers, financial
advisors and small to medium sized businesses. Brokers should see PreAxia as a superior method of promoting and supporting HSAs that allow
them to earn above average commission rates on invested funds. Financial advisors should see PreAxia in a similar way as brokers except
that there is the additional benefit of tax reduction. Small to medium sized businesses, which are expected to drive the growth in business,
should see PreAxia as offering financial savings to the company and to employees by offering personal health care benefits through an
HSA, along with the same conveniences they have come to expect from other services they currently utilize over the Internet. It is expected
that the group benefits market will subsequently follow as they too realize the advantages of PreAxia over their current HSA offerings.
PreAxia has begun and will continue to seek opportunities with lead customers and alliance partners to establish reference-able, high-profile
implementations and market-leading, early-adopter firms for further developing innovative products and services. The Company intends to
design solutions targeted towards corporate financial management, financial risk, audit management and cash management while targeting
product/service management as a support to financial management. 

 We anticipate that the prime target for services
will be small to medium sized organizations that are not adequately served by the current insurance and group benefits offerings. These
organizations should realize significant benefits in both cost and time savings by utilization of PreAxia technology while providing their
employees with an increased level of benefits. 

 PreAxia intends to achieve service volume and
the associated economies of scale through marketing directly to select target customers that provide the necessary transaction volumes,
through market specific channel partners and through an education based public relations strategy geared to the small to mid-sized employers
including the brokers and financial advisors utilized by these businesses. The channel strategy is supported in the solution design, as
multiple channel partners may require custom pricing and compensation. 

 It is our Company s intention that brokers
and financial advisors will aggressively promote their PreAxia supported HSA offerings due to the quality of product, higher margins and
because of the non-competitive relationship with PreAxia. 

 PreAxia has identified the following channels 
through which it will target prime end market customers: 

Independent brokers that sell, or desire to sell, Health Spending Accounts 

Financial advisors who manage funds and advise on tax saving strategies for individuals and corporations 

Accountants and bookkeepers who regularly advise businesses on financial and operational matters 

Benefits managers/adjudicators, including insurance, health or outsourced government benefits processors that manage benefits disbursement 

Issuer banks, including partner banks that enable the issuance of Health Cards and/or sell insurance products 

Application providers, including software manufacturers selling into the target vertical markets 

Professional services, including consulting, development and implementation companies serving the target vertical markets 

5 

PreAxia intends to establish several key
customer reference accounts, channel marketing partners and technology alliances. These corporate relationships are relevant to advancing
our company s goals in 2025 and beyond for achieving a prime position in the Canadian marketplace and establishing a solid service
foundation. 

Competitive Business Conditions and our Company s
Competitive Position in the Industry and Methods of Competition 

PreAxia intends to offer a combination of products
and services in its solution. However, there are other providers of components or versions of the Health Spending Accounts in the marketplace.
Our approach is to provide a high value added and robust capability within specific target markets, rather than the one size fits
all and mass volume approach of the larger companies in the Canadian and international market. This is consistent with the PreAxia
platform which has been designed for expansion in the United States and internationally. The following are some of the leading providers
of products and services that are or may be potential competitors in PreAxia s target markets: 

Benecaid has become a leading provider of Health Spending Accounts in Canada by offering an easy-to-understand
product through brokers and also directly through the company. 

Olympia Benefits has become a leading provider of Health Spending Accounts in Canada by offering a Cost
Plus version of HSAs that has become popular in the marketplace. 

QuickCard is a provider of Health Spending Accounts and group insurance products. They are partially
differentiated from competitors by virtue of a credit type card that is used to pay for qualified health products and services.

League, which operates in Canada and the US, offers a range of health benefit services including
Health Spending Accounts. 

Most major insurance companies offer some version of HSAs to their customers. 

Many brokers have created HSA products for their clients. 

Many accounting and financial services firms have created their own HSA products to offer to their clients. 

US and International Markets 

HealthEquity, a publicly listed company offering HSAs in the USA, manages over 22 billion in deposits.
It is one of the largest dedicated health account custodians in the USA and serves more than 12 million accounts owned by individuals
at more than 24,000 companies across the country. 

HSA Bank, a division of Webster Bank, offers Health Spending Accounts and related offerings to the consumer-directed
healthcare industry. 

Fidelity Investments offers a Health Spending Account to businesses as a means of controlling costs
while providing employee health benefits. 

Intellectual Property and Patent Protection 

At present, PreAxia does not have any pending or registered
patents or any trademarks. 

Research and Development 

For the year ended May 31, 2024 and 2023, we incurred
 5,632 and 6,528 in research and development expenses. 

Employees 

PreAxia has one full-time consultant, our President,
Mr. Tom Zapatinas effective September 1, 2011. We anticipate that we will hire additional key staff throughout 2024 and 2025 in areas
of administration/accounting, business development, operations, sales/marketing and research/development. 

6 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

 Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 Not applicable. 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

 Although much of the research and development
and the building of our system have been completed, our Calgary office closed during the 2017 fiscal year, and we presently operate out
of remote employment sites. 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 We know of no material, active or pending legal
proceedings against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings
in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material
interest adverse to our interest. 

 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 Not applicable. 

 PART II 

 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 Market Information 

 Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets Pink Sheets under
the symbol PAXH. 

 Following is a report of high and low bid prices for each quarterly
period for the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Quarter Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 05/31/2024 
 0.057 
 0.057 
 
 02/28/2024 
 0.057 
 0.057 
 
 11/30/2023 
 0.057 
 0.057 
 
 08/31/2023 
 0.057 
 0.0565 
 
 05/31/2023 
 0.0565 
 0.0565 
 
 02/28/2023 
 0.45 
 0.0565 
 
 11/30/2022 
 0.0565 
 0.0565 
 
 08/31/2022 
 0.25 
 0.0565 

Holders of Our Common Stock 

 As of October 10, 2024, there were 83 holders of record of our
common stock and 19,767,698 shares of common stock outstanding. 

 There is currently only one class of common stock with one vote
per share. 

Pacific Stock Transfer Company of 6725 Via Austin Parkway, Suite
300, Las Vegas, Nevada 89119, is the registrar and transfer agent for our common shares. 

 Dividends 

 We have not declared or paid dividends on shares
of our common stock and we do not expect to declare or pay dividends on shares of our common stock for the foreseeable future. We intend
to retain earnings, if any, to finance the development and expansion of our business. Our future dividend policy will be subject to the
discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our future earnings, if any, our financial condition, and other factors deemed
relevant by the board. 

7 

Equity Compensation Plans 

We adopted and approved our current stock option plan on January
28, 2010. The following table provides a summary of the number of options granted under our stock option plan, the weighted average exercise
price and the number of options remaining available for issuance all as of May 31, 2024. 

Number of securities to 
be issued upon exercise 
of outstanding options, 
warrants and rights 
 
Weighted-average 
exercise price of 
outstanding options, 
warrants and rights 
 Number of securities 
remaining available for 
future issuance under 
equity compensation 
plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 None 
 N/A 
 2,000,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 None 
 N/A 
 None 
 
 Total 
 None 
 N/A 
 2,000,000 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We have not sold any equity securities that were not
registered under the Securities Act of 1933 that were not previously reported in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or in a current report
on Form 8-K during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2024. 

 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated
Purchasers 

 We did not purchase any of our shares of common
stock or other securities during our fiscal years ended May 31, 2024 or 2023. 

 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

 Not Applicable. 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

General Overview 

Corporate Overview 

 PreAxia Health Care Payment Systems Inc. (the
 Company or PreAxia was incorporated on April 3, 2000 in the State of Nevada. 

 The Company primarily undertakes its operations
through its wholly owned subsidiary, PreAxia Health Care Payment Limited PreAxia Payment ). PreAxia Payment was incorporated
pursuant to the laws of the Province of Alberta on November 26, 2015. 

 General Overview 

PreAxia Payment is a company which intends
to deliver a comprehensive suite of solutions and services directed at the emerging health payment market, specifically the opportunities
tied to the growth of health spending accounts HSA ). There is a rapid shift in healthcare traditional payment models to
consumer-directed healthcare that is creating significant opportunities for financial services and insurance industries to deliver new
dynamic products to this emerging market. 

 Spawned by the need to address escalating
health care costs, changes in the regulatory environment and the growing consumer desire for greater participation in the management
of their health benefits, the boundaries between health care and the financial services industries are becoming increasingly blurred.
With the trend towards self-directed health payment solutions and the growing demand for faster, easier and more convenient benefit services,
the insurance and benefits industries are banking on HSA medical payments being their next big growth conduit. Studies suggest that HSAs
in the US reached 123.3 billion in assets in 2023 and 37.4 million consumers in 2023, an increase of more than 18 of assets over the
prior year. This coupled with the continued growth of the Canadian group insurance industry illustrates the emerging opportunity for
innovative health payment services. We intend to initially launch our products in Canada. We believe that Canadian businesses are embracing
a new healthcare financing vehicle to provide greater value to employees, increase profitability and get more return from their investment.
We intend to provide them with services to capture this market opportunity. 

8 

Plan of Operation 

 Over the next twelve months, we plan to: 

(a) 
 Raise additional capital to execute our business plans; 

(b) 
 Penetrate the health care processing markets in Canada, the United States and worldwide, by continuing to develop innovative health care processing products and services; 

(c) 
 Build up a network of strategic alliances with several types of health insurance companies, governments and other alliances in various vertical markets, and; 

(d) 
 Fill the positions of senior management sales, administrative and engineering positions. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of May 31, 2024, PreAxia s cash balance was
 14 compared to 6 as of May 31, 2023. Our Company will be required to raise capital to fund our operations. PreAxia
had a working capital deficit of 2,396,179 as of May 31, 2024, compared with a working capital deficit of 2,296,730 as of May 31, 2023. 

Our ability to meet our financial liabilities and
commitments is primarily dependent upon the continued issuance of equity to new stockholders and our ability to achieve and maintain profitable
operations. PreAxia's cash and cash equivalents will not be sufficient to meet its working capital requirements for the next
twelve-month period. We will not initially have any cash flow from operating activities as we are in the startup stage. We
project that we will require an estimated 1,000,000 over the next twelve-month period to pay our arms-length creditors approximately
 300,000 plus an additional 700,000 to complete our business plan. The Company plans to raise the capital required to satisfy our
immediate short-term needs and additional capital required to meet our estimated funding requirements for the next twelve months primarily
through the private placement of our equity securities or by way of loans or such other means as PreAxia may determine. 

There are no assurances that we will be able to obtain
the funds required for our continued operations. There can be no assurance that additional financing will be available to us
when needed or, if available, that it can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. If we are not able to obtain the additional
financing on a timely basis, we will not be able to meet our other obligations as they become due, and we will be forced to scale down
or perhaps even cease the operation of our business. 

There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern as the continuation of our business is dependent upon obtaining further long-term financing, successful and sufficient
market acceptance of our products and achieving a profitable level of operations. The Company hopes to be able to attract suitable
investors for our business plan, which will not require us to use our cash. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful
in this situation. The issuance of additional equity securities by us could result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of
our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans would be available, will increase our liabilities
and future cash commitments. 

Our working capital (deficit) as of May 31, 2024 and
2023 is summarized as follows: 

9 

Working Capital 

May 31, 2024 
 May 31, 2023 

Current Assets 
 14 
 6 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 (2,396,193 
 (2,296,736 
 
 Working Capital (Deficit) 
 (2,396,179 
 (2,296,730 

The increase in our working capital deficit of 99,449
was primarily due to increases in accrued liabilities related party of 60,000 and loans payable - shareholders of 18,263. 

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have
or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses,
results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders. 

Results of Operations Years ended May
31, 2024 and 2023 

For the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 

Our operating results for the years ended May 31,
2024 compared to the years ended May 31, 2023 are described below: 

Revenue 

During the years ended May 31, 2024 and
2023, the Company had revenue of 0 and 0, respectively. The Company earns a 10 commission on amounts reimbursed for eligible expenses. 

 Expenses 

Our total expenses for the year ended May 31, 2024
were 99,449 compared to 156,266 for the year ended May 31, 2023. The decrease in total expenses of 56,817 for the year ending May 31,
2024 is due to a decrease in consulting fees of 60,442, increase in professional fees of 3,150, an increase of 1,371 in office and
administration fees, and a decrease in research and development of 896. 

Consulting Fees 

During each of the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023,
Tom Zapatinas, the Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company, earned 60,000 and 120,000, respectively, for consulting services
provided to the Company, which is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities related party. During the period from
December 1, 2023 to May 31, 2024, the Company did not accrue compensation to Tom Zapatinas. 

Research and Development 

Research and development expenses during the year
ended May 31, 2024 decreased by 896 to 5,632, as compared to 6,528 during the year ended May 31, 2023. The decrease is due to a decrease
in software lease expenses from Microsoft. 

Wages and Benefits 

There were no wages and benefits during the years
ended May 31, 2024 and 2023. 

Office and Administration 

Office and administration expenses increased by 1,371 for
the year ended May 31, 2024 due to an increase in office supply expense and filing fees. 

10 

Professional Fees 

Professional fees during the year ended May 31, 2024
increased by 3,150 to 18,654, as compared to 15,504 during the year ended May 31, 2023. Professional fees increased due to an increase
in costs related to accounting assistance. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense is 0 for the years ended May 31,
2024 and 2023 because accounts payable and accrued liabilities related party, convertible note payable related party and
loans payable shareholders are non-interest bearing. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

We have identified certain accounting policies, described
below, that are the most important to the portrayal of our current financial condition and results of operations. Please refer to Note
2 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a full and complete disclosure of our accounting policies. 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

 Not applicable. 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Public Accounting Firm (ID 
 F-1 

Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-11 

11 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Preaxia
Healthcare Payment Systems Inc. 

 Calgary, Alberta CA 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Preaxia Healthcare Payment Systems Inc. (the Company) as of May 31, 2024
and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for
the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of May 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Considerations 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has suffered
recurring losses since inception, has a working capital deficit, and has not achieved profitable operations, which raises substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 2.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 1 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

PCAOB
 ID Number 6580 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. 

October 10, 2024 

F- 2 

PREAXIA
 HEALTHCARE PAYMENT SYSTEMS INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

May
 31, 2024 
 May
 31, 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Total current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES 

Current liabilities 

Bank indebtedness 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities - related
 party 

Advances - related party 

Loans payable - shareholders 

Liability for unissued shares 

Promissory note - related party 

Convertible note payable - related
 party 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Common Stock, par value, shares authorized shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 3 

PREAXIA
 HEALTHCARE PAYMENT SYSTEMS INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Years
 ended 

May
 31, 2024 
 May
 31, 2023 

Revenue 

Operating expenses 

Consulting 

Professional 

Office and administration 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding
 - basic and diluted 

See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 4 

PREAXIA HEALTHCARE PAYMENT SYSTEMS INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
 STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Common Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, May 31, 2023 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 

Balance, May 31, 2024 

Common Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, May 31, 2022 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 

Balance, May 31, 2023 

See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 5 

PREAXIA
 HEALTHCARE PAYMENT SYSTEMS INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year
 ended 

May
 31, 2024 
 May
 31, 2023 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Change in operating assets and liabilities 

Increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 - related party 

Increase (decrease) in accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities 

Cash flows used in operating
 activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Bank indebtedness 

Advances - loans payable - shareholders 

Advances - related party 

Repayment of advances - related
 party 

Net cash provided by financing
 activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental Disclosure: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

See Accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 6 

PREAXIA HEALTH CARE PAYMENT SYSTEMS INC. 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
May 31, 2024 and 2023 

shares of the common stock of the Company with a par value
of . The Company had no operations prior to the date of the aforementioned acquisition. 

The business objective of the Company is the development,
distribution, marketing and sale of health care payment processing services and products. The Company has realized only nominal revenues
from its planned operations. 

The operations of the Company are expected to be primarily
undertaken by its wholly owned subsidiary, PreAxia Health Care Payment Ltd. PreAxia Payment ), incorporated pursuant to
the laws of the Province of Alberta on November 26, 2015. 

PreAxia Payment is in the process of developing an
online access system creating a health spending account that will facilitate card payment and processing services to third-party administrators,
insurance companies and others. 

and used
cash in operating activities of , and as of May 31, 2024, had a stockholders deficit of and an accumulated deficit
of . These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within
one year of the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. The Company s consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

The Company s ability to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon its ability to develop additional sources of capital and to ultimately achieve profitable operations. Currently,
the Company does not have significant cash or other material assets, nor does it have operations or a source of revenue sufficient to
cover its operating costs and allow it to continue as a going concern. The Company s officers or principal shareholders are committed
to making advances or loans to pay for certain legal, accounting, and administrative costs. 

The Company hopes to be able to attract suitable investors
for our business plan, which will not require us to use our cash. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in this
situation. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case
of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in the case of equity financing. 

US Dollar = Canadian Dollars (May 31, 2024), USD Dollar= GBP, and US Dollar= Canadian
Dollars (May 31, 2023), USD Dollar= GBP; 

ii) income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the year
ended May 31, 2024 of US Dollar = Canadian Dollars and US Dollar = Canadian Dollars (May 31, 2023); 

iii) all resulting exchange differences are recognized as other comprehensive
income, a separate component of equity. The exchange differences during the year ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 were insignificant and no
amounts have been recorded. 

and , respectively, in research and development expenses. 

Website development costs are capitalized under the
same criteria as our marketed software. 

and , respectively. The Company earns a 10 commission on amounts reimbursed for eligible expenses. 

shares and 
shares, respectively, as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

and , respectively. During the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023, Tom Zapatinas, earned and , respectively, for
consulting services provided to the Company. 

Advances Related Party 

As of May 31, 2024 and 2023, advances payable due
to Tom Zapatinas totaled and , respectively. Advances are non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable on demand. During
the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023, Tom Zapatinas, the Chief Executive Officer and a Director of the Company, advanced the Company
 and , respectively, in cash and was repaid and , respectively, in cash. 

Loans Payable Shareholders 

As of May 31, 2024 and 2023, loans payable - shareholders
are and , respectively. Loans payable shareholders are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. During
the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company advanced and , respectively, in cash, and was repaid and , respectively,
in cash. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

As of May 31, 2024 and 2023, promissory note - related
party of and , respectively, is due to Tom Zapatinas, the Chief Executive Officer and a Director of the Company. The
Note is non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable on demand. 

Convertible Note Payable Related Party 

As of May 31, 2024 and 2023, convertible note payable
- related party of is due to Tom Zapatinas, the Chief Executive Officer and a Director of the Company. The Note is non-interest
bearing, unsecured, payable on demand and convertible in whole or in part into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price
of per share, which equates to shares. 

The Company has
incurred substantial net operating losses of approximately since January 28, 2008 (Date of Inception). 

Net operating losses (21 tax rate) 

Accrued management compensation 

Total 

The Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities consist primarily of the following: 

Deferred taxes U.S. Parent 

Net operating losses Canadian subsidiary: 

Amount carried forward from prior years 

Net operating losses 

Deferred taxes Canadian subsidiary 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Total net deferred tax assets 

During the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023, the
change in valuation allowance was an increase of in 2024 and an increase of in 2023. 

 The Company has no tax positions on May 31,
2024 and 2023 for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility.
The Company recognizes interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating expenses.
No such interest or penalties were recognized during the period presented. The Company had no accruals for interest and penalties on May
31, 2024 and 2023. 

per share;
 shares authorized: shares issued and outstanding on May 31, 2024 and 2023. Holders of Common Stock have one vote
per share of Common Stock held. 

F- 11 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

 Management, evaluated the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined under Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive
Officer concluded that, as of May 31, 2024, the disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. The ineffectiveness of our Company s
disclosure controls and procedures was due to the existence of material weaknesses identified below. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are the
controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Company s Exchange Act
reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities Exchange Commission s
rules and forms. 

 Management s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

 Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined under Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 14d-14(f). Our internal
control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

 All internal control systems, no matter how
well designed, have inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial reporting reliability and financial statement preparation and presentation.
In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls become inadequate because
of changes in conditions and that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 Management assessed the effectiveness of our
company s internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2024. In making the assessment, management used the criteria issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO - 2013) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework .
Based on its assessment, management concluded that, as of May 31, 2024, our Company s internal control over financial reporting
was not effective. 

 Management has identified the following material
weaknesses: 

We do not have accounting staff
with sufficient technical accounting knowledge relating to accounting for U.S. income taxes and complex US GAAP matters; and 

We failed to file our corporate
tax returns for 2008 through 2024. 

 We intend to take appropriate and reasonable
steps to make the necessary improvements to remediate these material weaknesses. In particular, we intend to hire staff with U.S. GAAP
expertise if we can obtain additional financing and hire professionals to prepare and complete the filing of our corporate tax returns. 

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

 There have been no changes in our internal
controls over financial reporting that occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

During the
quarter ended May 31, 2024, no director or Section 16 officer or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements
or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements. 

12 

PART III 

 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 Directors and Executive Officers 

 The following individual serves as the director
and executive officers of our Company. All directors of our Company hold office until the next annual meeting of our shareholders or until
their successors have been elected and qualified. The executive officers of our Company are appointed by our board of directors and hold
office until their death, resignation or removal from office. 

Name 
 Position 
 Age 
 Date First Elected or Appointed 
 
 Tom Zapatinas 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director 
 66 
 Director since January 9, 2007 
Officer since January 25, 2008 
 
 Paul Verberne 
 Director 
 59 
 Director since June 1, 2018 

Significant Employees 

 There are no family relationships between or among our directors
or executive officers. 

Business Experience 

 Tom Zapatinas, President, Secretary, Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer and a director 

Tom Zapatinas has been a director of our Company
since January 9, 2007 and the president, secretary, chief executive officer and chief financial officer of our company since January 25,
2008. Mr. Zapatinas has been a self-employed business consultant since August 1997. In June of 1998, Mr. Zapatinas founded Prolific Smart
Card Software Systems Inc. which became a reporting issuer on the TSX Venture Exchange in Canada. Mr. Zapatinas resigned from Prolific
on May 29, 2001, to go back to his consulting practice. He brings experience in financing, corporate development and mergers and acquisitions. 

 Mr. Zapatinas is not an officer or director
of any other reporting company that files annual, quarterly or periodic reports with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

 We believe Mr. Zapatinas is qualified to serve
on our board of directors because of his knowledge of our company s history and current operations, which he gained from working
for our company as described above, in addition to his business experiences as described above. 

 Paul Verberne, member
of the Board of Directors 

Mr. Verberne has been involved
in the Healthcare Spending Account (HSA) industry since 2004, when he became counsel for HSA Bank (a division of Webster Bank). He provided
legal and business expertise focused on tax favoured benefit accounts, helping HSA Bank grow from 8 million in HSA deposits to over 800
million in six years. HSA Bank is now a leading HSA provider in the USA with over 5 billion in assets. Mr. Verberne was also general
counsel to the American Banker's Association HSA Council and Tango Health, a leading benefits optimization solutions provider. He is currently
a principal in HSA Consulting Services, LLC, which provides training and expertise to the HSA industry, and a partner in Verberne 
Maldonado LLP in Houston, a law firm concentrating in business law. He received his B.A. in Liberal Arts Hi(Economics/Psychology) from
the University of Texas (Austin) and a Juris Doctorate from University of Houston Law Center. Mr. Verberne will be providing strategic
advice and guidance to PreAxia as it develops, rolls out and expands its HSA Management Solution throughout Canada and the USA. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

 Our directors or executive officers have not
been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 

3. 
 being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or 

4. 
 being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

5. 
 being the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: (i) any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation; or (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease- and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

6. 
 being the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a) (26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a) (29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Audit Committee 

The Corporation is a venture issuer 
as defined in National Instrument 52-110 and is relying on the exemption contained in Section 6.1 of National Instrument 52-110, which
exempts the Corporation from the requirements of Part 3 (Composition of the Audit Committee) and Part 5 (Reporting Obligations) of National
Instrument 52-110. 

13 

The Audit Committee s Charter 

Mandate 

The primary function of the audit committee (the
"Committee") is to assist the Board of Directors in fulfilling its financial oversight responsibilities by reviewing the
financial reports and other financial information provided by the Corporation to regulatory authorities and shareholders, the
Corporation s systems of internal controls regarding finance and accounting and the Corporation s auditing, accounting
and financial reporting processes. Consistent with this function, the Committee will encourage continuous improvement of, and should
foster adherence to, the Corporation s policies, procedures and practices at all levels. The Committee s primary duties
and responsibilities are to: 

Serve as an independent and objective party to monitor the Corporation s financial reporting and internal control system and review the Corporation s financial statements. 

Review and appraise the performance of the Corporation s external auditors. 

Provide an open avenue of communication among the Corporation s auditors, financial and senior management and the Board of Directors. 

Composition 

The Committee shall be comprised of two directors
as determined by the Board of Directors, whom shall be free from any relationship that, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, would
interfere with the exercise of his or her independent judgment as a member of the Committee. 

The members of the Committee shall be elected by the
Board of Directors at its first meeting following the annual shareholders meeting. Unless a Chair is elected by the full Board
of Directors, the members of the Committee may designate a Chair by a majority vote of the full Committee membership. 

Meetings 

The Committee shall meet annually, or more frequently
as circumstances dictate. As part of its job to foster open communication, the Committee will meet at least annually with the Chief Financial
Officer and the external auditors. 

Responsibilities and Duties 

To fulfill its responsibilities and duties, the Committee shall: 

Documents/Reports Review 

(a) 
 Review and update this Charter annually. 

(b) 
 Review the Corporation s financial statements, MD A and any reports or other financial information (including quarterly financial statements), which are submitted to any governmental body, or to the public, including any certification, report, opinion, or review rendered by the external auditors. 

External Auditors 

(a) 
 Review annually, the performance of the external auditors who shall be ultimately accountable to the Board of Directors and the Committee as representatives of the shareholders of the Corporation. 

(b) 
 Obtain annually, a formal written statement of the external auditors setting forth all relationships between the external auditors and the Corporation, consistent with PCAOB Rule 3526. 

(c) 
 Review and discuss with the external auditors any disclosed relationships or services that may impact the objectivity and independence of the external auditors. 

(d) 
 Take, or recommend that the full Board of Directors take, appropriate action to oversee the independence of the external auditors. 

(e) 
 Recommend to the Board of Directors the selection and, where applicable, the replacement of the external auditors nominated annually for shareholder approval. 

(f) 
 At each meeting, consult with the external auditors, without the presence of management, about the quality of the Corporation s accounting principles, internal controls and the completeness and accuracy of the Corporation s financial statements. 

(g) 
 Review with management and the external auditors the audit plan for the year-end financial statements and intended template for such statements. 

(h) 
 Review and pre-approve all audit and audit related services and the fees and other compensation related thereto, and any non-audit services, provided by the Corporation s external auditors. The pre-approval requirement is waived with respect to the provision of non-audit services if: 

14 

(i) 
 the aggregate amount of all such non-audit services provided to the Corporation constitutes not more than five percent of the total amount of revenues paid by the Corporation to its external auditors during the fiscal year in which the non-audit services are provided; 

(ii) 
 such services were not recognized by the Corporation at the time of the engagement to be non-audit services; and 

(iii) 
 such services are promptly brought to the attention of the Committee by the Corporation and approved prior to the completion of the audit by the Committee or by one or more members of the Committee who are members of the Board of Directors to whom authority to grant such approvals have been delegated by the Committee. 

Provided the pre-approval of the non-audit services
is presented to the Committee's first scheduled meeting following such approval such authority may be delegated by the Committee to one
or more independent members of the Committee. 

Financial Reporting Processes 

(a) 
 In consultation with the external auditors, review with management the integrity of the Corporation s financial reporting process, both internal and external. 

(b) 
 Consider the external auditors judgments about the quality and appropriateness of the Corporation s accounting principles as applied in its financial reporting. 

(c) 
 Consider and approve, if appropriate, changes to the Corporation s auditing and accounting principles and practices as suggested by the external auditors and management. 

(d) 
 Review significant judgments made by management in the preparation of financial statements and the view of the external auditors as to the appropriateness of such judgments. 

(e) 
 Following completion of the annual audit, review separately with management and the external auditors any significant difficulties encountered during the course of the audit, including any restrictions on the scope of work or access to required information. 

(f) 
 Review any significant disagreement among management and the external auditors in connection with the preparation of the financial statements. 

(g) 
 Review with the external auditors and management the extent to which changes and improvements in financial or accounting practices have been implemented. 

(h) 
 Review any complaints or concerns about questionable accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters. 

(i) 
 Review certification process. 

Other 

Review any related-party transactions. 

Members of the Audit Committee 

Member 
 Independence 
 Financially Literate 

Tom Zapatinas 
 Paul Verberne 
 
 Not Independent 
 Not Independent 
 
 Not Financially literate 
 Not Financially literate 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Corporate Governance relates to the activities of
the Board of Directors. National Policy 58-201 establishes corporate governance guidelines which apply to all public companies. The Corporation
has reviewed its own corporate governance practices in light of these guidelines. In certain cases, the Corporation s practices
comply with the guidelines, however, the Board considers that some of the guidelines are not suitable for the Corporation at its current
stage of development and therefore these guidelines have not been adopted. National Policy 58-201 mandates disclosure of corporate governance
practices which disclosure is set out below. The Board is committed to sound corporate governance practices in the interest of its shareholders
and contribute to effective and efficient decision making. The Corporation will continue to review and implement corporate governance
guidelines as the business of the Corporation progresses. 

Independence of Members of Board 

The Corporation s Board consists of two directors,
Paul Verberne and Tom Zapatinas. Of which Tom Zapatinas is not independent as he is the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation. 

15 

Management Supervision by Board 

The size of the Corporation is such that all of the
Corporation s operations are conducted by a small management team which is also represented on the Board. The Board considers that
management is effectively supervised by the director on an informal basis as the director is actively and regularly involved in reviewing
the operations of the Corporation and has regular and full access to management. 

Other Directorships 

Paul Verberne or Tom Zapatinas is not a director of
any other reporting issuers. 

Orientation and Continuing Education 

 The Board does not have a formal orientation
or education program for its members. New Board members are provided with information respecting the functioning of the Board of Directors,
audit committee, access to all of the publicly filed documents of the Corporation and complete access to management and the Corporation s
professional advisors. 

 Board members are encouraged to communicate
with management and the auditors, to keep themselves current with industry trends and developments and changes in legislation with the
Corporation s assistance, to attend industry seminars and to visit the Corporation s operations. Board members have full access
to the Corporation s records and legal counsel. 

 Ethical Business Conduct 

 The Board believes good corporate governance
in an integral component to the success of the Corporation and to meet responsibilities to shareholders. 

 At present the Board has not adopted guidelines
or stipulations or a code to encourage and promote a culture of ethical business conduct due to the size of its Board and its limited
activities. The Corporation does promote ethical business conduct through the nomination of Board members it considers ethical. 

 Nomination of Directors 

 The Board has responsibility for identifying
and assessing potential Board candidates. Recruitment of new directors has generally resulted from recommendations made by directors,
management and shareholders. The Board assesses potential Board candidates to fill perceived needs on the Board for required skills, expertise,
independence and other factors. 

 Compensation of Directors and the CEO 

 The directors decide as a Board the compensation
for the Corporation s directors and officers. Compensation payable is determined by considering compensation paid for directors
and CEOs of companies of similar size and stage of development in the health care payment industry and determining appropriate compensation
reflecting the need to provide incentive and compensation for the time and effort expended by the directors and senior management while
taking into account the financial and other resources of the Corporation. In setting the compensation, the performance of the CEO is reviewed
in light of the Corporation s objectives and other factors that may have impacted the success of the Corporation. 

 Board Committees 

 The Corporation has an Audit Committee (see
section entitled Audit Committee ). 

 The Board is of the view that the size of the
Corporation s operations does not warrant additional committees at this stage of the Corporation s development. 

 Assessments 

 The Board does not consider that formal assessments
would be useful at this stage of the Corporation s development. 

 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock, to file reports regarding ownership
of, and transactions in, our securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission and to provide us with copies of those filings. Based
solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe
that during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2024 all filing requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than
10 percent beneficial owners were complied with. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth all compensation received
during the two years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 by our principal executive officer and principal financial officer and each of the other
most highly compensated executive officers whose total compensation exceeded 100,000 in such fiscal year. These officers are referred
to as the Named Executive Officers in this report. 

 Summary Compensation 

16 

The following table provides a summary of the compensation received by
the persons set out therein for each of our last two fiscal years: 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and 
Principal 
Position 

Year 

Salary ) 

Bonus ) 
 
 Stock 
Awards ) 
 
 Option 
Awards ) 
 
 Non-Equity 
Incentive Plan 
Compensation ) 
 
 Change in 
Pension 
Value and 
Nonqualified 
Deferred 
Compensa- 
tion Earnings ) 
 
 All Other 
Compensa 
-tion ) 

Total ) 

Tom Zapatinas, 
President, CEO and 
Director 

2024 
2023 

60,000 
 120,000 

Nil 
Nil 

Nil 
Nil 

Nil 
Nil 

Nil 
Nil 

Nil 
Nil 

Nil 
Nil 

60,000 
 120,000 

Employment Agreements 

There are currently no employment agreements in effect. 

Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide
pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We adopted and approved our current stock option plan on
January 28, 2010, pursuant to which we may grant stock options to acquire up to 2,000,000 shares of our common stock. Our directors and
executive officers may receive stock options at the discretion of our board of directors in the future. We do not have any material bonus
or profit-sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except
that stock options may be granted at the discretion of our board of directors from time to time. 

Termination of Employment and Change in Control
Arrangements 

We have no plans or arrangements in respect of remuneration
received or that may be received by our executive officers to compensate such officers in the event of termination of employment (as a
result of resignation, retirement, change of control) or a change of responsibilities following a change of control. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table sets forth for each named executive
officer certain information concerning the outstanding equity awards as of May 31, 2024. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 
 
 OPTION AWARDS 
 STOCK AWARDS 

Name 

Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options 
(#) 
Exercisable 

Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options 
(#) 
Unexercisable 

Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Awards: 
Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Unearned 
Options 
(#) 

Option 
Exercise 
Price ) 

Option 
Expiration 
Date 

Number 
of 
Shares 
or Units 
of Stock 
That 
Have 
Not 
Vested 
(#) 

Market 
Value 
of 
Shares 
or 
Units of 
Stock 
That 
Have 
Not 
Vested ) 

Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Awards: 
Number 
of 
Unearned 
Shares, 
Units 
or Other 
Rights 
That 
Have Not 
Vested 
(#) 
 Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Awards: 
Market or 
Payout 
Value 
of 
Unearned 
Shares, 
Units 
or Other 
Rights 
That 
Have Not 
Vested 
(#) 
 
 Tom Zapatinas 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 
 None 

17 

Aggregated Option Exercises 

There were no options granted or exercised by any
executive officer or director of our company during the twelve-month period ended May 31, 2024. 

Directors Compensation 

We reimburse our directors for expenses incurred in
connection with attending board meetings but did not pay director s fees or other cash compensation for services rendered as a director
in the year ended May 31, 2024. We have no present formal plan for compensating our directors for their service in their capacity as directors,
although in the future, such directors are expected to receive compensation and options to purchase shares of common stock as awarded
by our board of directors or (as to future options) a compensation committee which may be established in the future. Directors are entitled
to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our board
of directors. The board of directors may award special remuneration to any director undertaking any special services on behalf of our
company other than services ordinarily required of a director. Other than indicated in this annual report, no director received and/or
accrued any compensation for his or her services as a director, including committee participation and/or special assignments. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Security ownership of certain beneficial owners 

 The following table sets forth, as of September
26, 2024, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by our current directors and executive officers
as a group. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock they hold, except as otherwise
indicated. Beneficial ownership consists of a direct interest in the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. As of September
26, 2024, there were no shareholders known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock except as set forth in
the following table. 

 Security ownership of management 

Title of Class 
 
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of 
Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percentage 
of Class (2) 
 
 Common Stock 
 Tom Zapatinas 
 9,100,000 
 Direct 
 46.03 

3212 14 Avenue SW 

Calgary, AB T3C 0X3 

Common Stock 
 
 Paul Verberne 
 3212 14 Avenue SW 
 Calgary, AB T3C 0X3 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Common Stock 
 All officers and directors as a group (2 persons) 
 9,100,000 
 
 46.03 

1 Except
as otherwise indicated, we believe that the beneficial owners of the common stock listed above, based on information furnished by such
owners, have sole investment and voting power with respect to such shares, subject to community property laws where applicable. Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment
power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject to options or warrants currently exercisable, or exercisable within 60
days, are deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such option or warrants, but are
not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

 2 Based upon 19,767,698 issued and outstanding shares of common stock
as of October 10, 2024. 

 Changes in Control 

We are unaware of any contract or other arrangement
the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of our company. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 Other than as listed below, no director, officer,
principal shareholder holding at least 5 of our common shares, or any family member thereof, had any material interest, direct or indirect,
in any transaction, or proposed transaction, since the beginning of our fiscal year ended May 31, 2024, in which the amount involved
in the transaction exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last
two completed fiscal years. 

18 

1. 
 During the year ended May 31, 2024, the Company s president, Tom Zapatinas, invoiced 60,000 for management services rendered to the Company, advanced 13,893 in cash and received repayments of 1,658 in cash. As of May 31, 2024, Accounts payable related party and Advances related party includes a total of 377,187 due and payable to Mr. Zapatinas. The balance as of May 31, 2023 was 304,952. 
 
 2. 
 
 As of May 31, 2024 and 2023, loans payable - shareholders
 are 191,330 and 173,067, respectively. Loans payable shareholders are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand or due
 within one year after the issuance date. During the years ended May 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company was advanced 18,263 and 4,992, respectively,
 in cash, and was repaid 0 and 0, respectively, in cash. 

3. 
 
 As of May 31, 2024 and 2023, convertible note payable
 - related party of 1,058,760 is due to Tom Zapatinas, the Chief Executive Officer and a Director of the Company. The Note is non-interest
 bearing, unsecured, payable on demand and convertible in whole or in part into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price
 of 0.10 per share, which equates to 10,587,600 shares. 

Director Independence 

We do not currently have any directors that would
fit the independence requirements of Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit fees 

 The aggregate fees billed by
GreenGrowthCPAs for the completed fiscal periods ended May 31, 2024 and 2023 for professional services rendered for the audit of our
annual financial statements, quarterly reviews of our interim financial statements and services normally provided by the independent
accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: 

Year Ended May 31, 2024 
 Year Ended May 31, 2023 
 
 Audit Fees and Audit Related Fees 
 10,000 
 10,000 
 
 Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 10,000 
 10,000 

In the above tables, audit fees are
fees billed by our company s external auditor for services provided in auditing our company s annual financial statements
for the subject year. Audit-related fees are fees not included in audit fees that are billed by the auditor for assurance
and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit and review of our company s financial statements.
 Tax fees are fees billed by the auditor for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning.
 All other fees are fees billed by the auditor for products and services not included in the foregoing categories. 

Policy on Pre-Approval by Audit Committee of Services Performed by
Independent Auditors 

The board of directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent
auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the board of directors before the respective services were
rendered. 

19 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit Number 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits filed with the Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on March 16, 2006) 
 
 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits filed with Schedule 14C on November 14, 2008) 
 
 3.3 
 Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits filed with the Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on March 16, 2006) 
 
 3.4 
 Amended Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits filed with the Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on March 16, 2006) 
 
 10.1 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated May 31, 2005 between Kimberley Coonfer, Caribbean Overseas Investments Ltd., Sun World Partners Inc. and Tiempo De Mexico Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits filed with the Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on March 16, 2006) 
 
 10.2 
 Letter of Intent dated February 22, 2008 between Sun World Partners Inc. and H Pay Card Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits filed with the Form 8-K on March 5, 2008) 
 
 10.3 
 Acquisition Agreement dated April 22, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits filed with the Form 8-K on May 19, 2008) 
 
 10.4 
 Promissory note dated June 1, 2011 issued to Macleod Projects Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits filed with the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2011 filed with the SEC on October 21, 2011) 
 
 10.5 
 Promissory note dated August 5, 2011 issued to Macleod Projects Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits filed with the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2011 filed with the SEC on October 21, 2011 

10.6 
 Promissory
 note dated August 31, 2017 issued to 2001033 Alberta Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits filed with the annual report
on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2018 filed with the SEC on September 13, 2018) 
 
 10.7 
 Promissory note dated May
 31, 2018 issued to 1378655 Alberta Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits filed with the annual report
on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2018 filed with the SEC on September 13, 2018) 
 
 31.1 
 Section 302 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 
 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT 
 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA 
 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE 
 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE 
 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE 
 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE 

Filed Herewith. 

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. None 

20 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

 PREAXIA HEALTH CARE PAYMENT SYSTEMS INC. 

 /s/ Tom Zapatinas 
By: Tom Zapatinas, President and Director 
(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Director) 
Dated: October 10, 2024 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

 /s/ Tom Zapatinas 
By: Tom Zapatinas, President and Director 
(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Director) 
Dated: October 10, 2024 

 /s/ Paul Verberne 
By: Paul Verberne, Director 
Dated: October 10, 2024 

21 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

EXHIBIT 31.1 

RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 

I, Tom Zapatinas, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10- K for the year ended May 31, 2024 of PreAxia Health Care Payment Systems Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

October 10, 2024 

/s/ Tom Zapatinas 

Tom Zapatinas, Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Director 

1 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of PreAxia Health
Care Payment Systems Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), I, Tom Zapatinas, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SS. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to SS. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the
Company. 

October 10,
 2024 
 /s/ Tom Zapatinas 

Tom Zapatinas, Principal Executive Officer, Chief Financial
 Officer and Director 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

1 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 paxh-20240531.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 paxh-20240531_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 paxh-20240531_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 paxh-20240531_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

