<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241004_10-K_edgar_data_1469115_0001683168-24-006929.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1987332</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>99970</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>505442</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>381283</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>446197</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>510193</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-006929.hdr.sgml : 20241004
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241004144827
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-006929
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		33
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241004
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241004

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ridgedale Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001469115
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE OPERATORS (NO DEVELOPERS) & LESSORS [6510]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				270155619
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54334
		FILM NUMBER:		241354529

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2030 POWERS FERRY RD, SE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 212
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339
		BUSINESS PHONE:		404-816-8240

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2030 POWERS FERRY RD, SE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 212
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UAN Power Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111129

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gulf Shores Investments, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090727

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-006929.txt : 20241004

10-K
 1
 ridgedale_i10k-063024.htm
 FORM 10-K

RIDGEDALE HOLDINGS INC. 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2024 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________ to ________ 

COMMISSION FILE NO. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 

6770 

 (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code
Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

(Address and telephone number of registrant s
executive office) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: Common Stock 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for shorter period that the registrant as required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.
Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive- based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The aggregate
market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on December 31, 2023 was - -
based on a -0- average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most
recently completed second fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2023. 

As of October 4, 2024 the
Registrant had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

RIDGEDALE HOLDINGS INC. 

 FORM 10-K 

 ANNUAL REPORT 

 For the Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2024, and
June 30, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 3 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 11 
 
 Item 1C. 
 
 Cybersecurity 
 
 11 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 11 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 11 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 11 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 12 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 12 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations 
 
 12 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 14 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 15 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 15 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 16 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 
 17 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 20 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 21 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 22 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 22 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 23 

i 

PART I 

ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

As used in this annual report, the terms we ,
 us , our , the Company , mean Ridgedale Holdings Inc. unless otherwise indicated. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This annual report contains forward-looking statements.
These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. These statements often can be identified by the use of terms
such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, 
 approximate or continue, or the negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject
to the safe harbors for such statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements,
which speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management s best judgment as to what may occur in
the future. However, forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and important factors beyond our control that could
cause actual results and events to differ materially from historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated
or projected. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the date of such statement or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

The results anticipated by any or all of these
forward-looking statements might not occur. Important factors, uncertainties, and risks that may cause actual results to differ materially
from these forward-looking statements include those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors. We undertake no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as the result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

Description of Business 

Ridgedale Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation, Ridgedale Holdings , we," "us," or our is a publicly quoted shell company seeking to
create value for its shareholders by merging with another entity with experienced management and opportunities for growth in return for
shares of our common stock. 

No potential merger candidate has been identified
at this time. 

Our Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada
on May 8, 2009, as Gulf Shore Investments, Inc. We completed a reincorporation of our company in Delaware under the name UAN Power Corp.
on November 14, 2011. 

Effective September 4, 2014, we filed with the
Delaware Secretary of State a Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, wherein we have increased our authorized share
capital to 420,000,000 shares of stock which include 400,000,000 shares of common stock, having a par value of 0.00001 per share and
20,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, having a par value of 0.00001 per share. 

Kuan-Yin Cheng resigned as President and Director
on October 26, 2020. Erik Nelson was appointed as President of the Company and a member of the Board of Directors of the Company on October
26, 2020. He is currently the sole director. Yin-Chieh Cheng was appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Company on November 18, 2020. 

On November 20, 2020, we filed a Certificate of
Designation, Preferences, and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock with the State of Delaware. 

Our fiscal year ends on June 30 th . 

1 

On June 24, 2022, the Company filed a Definitive
Information Statement to: 

To authorize
a reverse split of the common stock issued and outstanding on a one new share for five hundred thousand (500,000) old shares basis as
of July 24, 2022. 

To
 authorize a forward split of the common stock issued and outstanding as of July 24, 2022. Subsequent to the 1/500,000 reverse split
 described above, each share of post reverse split-adjusted issued and outstanding Common Stock shall be forward split on a one for
 five hundred (500) basis such that each post reverse split old share represents 500 new shares. 

To authorize
the Board of Directors to change the name of the corporation to Ridgedale Holdings, Inc. 

All of these actions require the approval of the
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and have not yet been approved as of the date of this filing. 

The Company s year-end is June 30th. 

Competition and Market Conditions 

We will face substantial competition in our efforts
to identify and pursue a business venture. The primary source of competition is expected to be from other companies organized and funded
for similar purposes, including small venture capital firms, blank check companies, and wealthy investors, many of which may have substantially
greater financial and other resources than we do. In light of our limited financial and human resources, we are at a competitive disadvantage
compared to many of our competitors in our efforts to obtain an operating business or assets necessary to commence our operations in a
new field. Additionally, with the economic downturn caused by the coronavirus pandemic, many venture capital firms and similar firms and
individuals have been seeking to acquire businesses at discounted rates, and we therefore currently face additional competition and resultant
difficulty obtaining a business. We expect these conditions to persist at least until the economy recovers. Further, even if we are successful
in obtaining a business or assets for new operations, we expect there to be enhanced barriers to entry in the marketplace in which we
decide to operate as a result of reduced demand and/or increased raw material costs caused by the pandemic and other economic forces that
are beyond our control. 

Regulation 

As of the date of this Report, we are required
to file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC by Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(the Exchange Act ). 

Depending on the direction management decides
to take and a business or businesses we may acquire in the future, we may become subject to other laws or regulations that require us
to make material expenditures on compliance including the increasing state-level regulation of privacy. Any such requirements could require
us to divert significant human and capital resources on compliance, which could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. 

Employees 

As of the date of this Report, we do not have
employees. However, an entity controlled by our Chief Executive Officer provides part-time consulting services to us without compensation. 

2 

Factors Effecting Future Performance 

Rather than being an operating business, our goal
is to obtain debt and/or equity finance meet our ongoing operating expenses and attempt to merge with another entity with experienced
management and opportunities for growth in return for shares of our common stock to create value for our shareholders. 

Although there is no assurance that this series
of events will be successfully completed, we believe we can successfully complete an acquisition or merger which will enable us to continue
as a going concern. Any acquisition or merger will most likely be dilutive to our existing stockholders. 

The factors affecting our future performance are
listed and explained below under the section Risk Factors below: 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We need to find financing for our business idea,
which is uncertain and risky. 

Our plan of operation is to obtain debt or equity
finance to meet our ongoing operating expenses and attempt to merge with another entity with experienced management and opportunities
for growth in return for shares of our common stock to create value for our shareholders. There can be no assurance that any of the events
can be successfully completed, that any such business will be identified, or that any stockholder will realize any return on their shares
after such a transaction has been completed. In particular, there is no assurance that any such business will be located or that any stockholder
will realize any return on their shares after such a transaction. Any merger or acquisition completed by us can be expected to have a
significant dilutive effect on the percentage of shares held by our current stockholders. 

We believe we are an insignificant participant
among the firms which engage in the acquisition of business opportunities. There are many established venture capital and financial concerns
that have significantly greater financial and personnel resources and technical expertise than we have. Given our limited financial resources
and limited management availability, we will continue to be at a significant competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors. 

You should be aware that there are various risks
associated with our business, including the risks discussed below. You should carefully consider these risk factors, as well as the other
information contained in this Registration Statement, in evaluating our business and us. 

Rather than our previous operating business, our
business is now to seek to raise the debt and/or equity to meet our ongoing operating expenses and attempt to merge with another entity
with experienced management and opportunities for growth in return for shares of our common stock to create value for our shareholders.
There can be no assurance that this series of events will be successfully completed or that any stockholder will realize any return on
their shares after the new business plan has been implemented. 

3 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMPANY 

WE HAVE INCURRED SIGNIFICANT LOSSES AND ANTICIPATE
FUTURE LOSSES. 

As of June 30, 2024, we had negative working capital
of 265,263 and an accumulated deficit of 3,751,524. 

Future losses are likely to occur as, until
we can merge with another entity with experienced management and opportunities for growth in return for shares of our common stock
to create value for our shareholders as we have no sources of income to meet our operating expenses. As a result of these, among
other factors, we received from our registered independent public accountants in their report for the condensed financial statements
for the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, an explanatory paragraph stating that there is substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. 

OUR EXISTING FINANCIAL RESOURCES ARE INSUFFICIENT
TO MEET OUR ONGOING OPERATING EXPENSES. 

We have no sources of income at this time and
no existing cash balances to meet our ongoing operating expenses. In the short term, unless we are able to raise additional debt and/or
equity we shall be unable to meet our ongoing operating expenses. On a longer-term basis, we intend to raise the debt and/or equity to
meet our ongoing operating expenses and merge with another entity with experienced management and opportunities for growth in return for
shares of our common stock to create value for our shareholders. There can be no assurance that this series of events will be successfully
completed. 

WE INTEND TO PURSUE THE ACQUISITION OF AN OPERATING BUSINESS. 

Our sole strategy is to acquire an operating business.
Successful implementation of this strategy depends on our ability to identify a suitable acquisition candidate, acquire such a company
on acceptable terms and integrate its operations. In pursuing acquisition opportunities, we compete with other companies with similar
strategies. Competition for acquisition targets may result in increased prices of acquisition targets and a diminished pool of companies
available for acquisition. Acquisitions involve a number of other risks, including risks of acquiring undisclosed or undesired liabilities,
acquired in-process technology, stock compensation expense, diversion of management attention, potential disputes with the seller of one
or more acquired entities and possible failure to retain key acquired personnel. Any acquired entity or assets may not perform relative
to our expectations. Our ability to meet these challenges has not been established. 

SCARCITY OF, AND COMPETITION FOR, BUSINESS
OPPORTUNITIES AND COMBINATIONS. 

We believe we are an insignificant participant
among the firms which engage in the acquisition of business opportunities. There are many established venture capital and financial concerns
that have significantly greater financial and personnel resources and technical expertise than we have. Nearly all such entities have
significantly greater financial resources, technical expertise and managerial capabilities than us and, consequently, we will be at a
competitive disadvantage in identifying possible business opportunities and successfully completing a business combination. Moreover,
we will also compete in seeking merger or acquisition candidates with numerous other small public companies. In view of our limited financial
resources and limited management availability, we will continue to be at a significant competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors. 

WE HAVE NOT EXECUTED ANY FORMAL AGREEMENT FOR
A BUSINESS COMBINATION OR OTHER TRANSACTION AND HAVE ESTABLISHED NO STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS COMBINATIONS. 

We have not executed any formal arrangement, agreement
or understanding with respect to engaging in a merger with, joint venture with or acquisition of a private or public entity. There can
be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying and evaluating suitable business opportunities or in concluding a business combination.
We have not identified any particular industry or specific business within an industry for evaluation. There is no assurance we will be
able to negotiate a business combination on terms favorable, if at all. We have not established a specific length of operating history
or specified level of earnings, assets, net worth or other criteria which we will require a target business opportunity to have achieved,
and without which we would not consider a business combination. Accordingly, we may enter into a business combination with a business
opportunity having no significant operating history, losses, limited or no potential for earnings, limited assets, negative net worth
or other negative characteristics. 

4 

WE MAY BE NEGATIVELY AFFECTED BY ADVERSE GENERAL
ECONOMIC CONDITIONS. 

Current conditions in domestic and global economies
are extremely uncertain. Adverse changes may occur as a result of softening global economies, wavering consumer confidence caused by the
threat of terrorism and war, and other factors capable of affecting economic conditions. Such changes could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, and the results of operations. 

BECAUSE OUR PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDER CONTROLS
OUR ACTIVITIES, HE MAY CAUSE US TO ACT IN A MANNER THAT IS MOST BENEFICIAL TO HIMSELF AND NOT TO OTHER SHAREHOLDERS WHICH COULD CAUSE
US NOT TO TAKE ACTIONS THAT OUTSIDE INVESTORS MIGHT VIEW FAVORABLY. 

Our principal shareholder has voting authority
for approximately seventy-eight percent (78 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, he effectively controls all matters requiring
stockholder approval, including the election of directors, the approval of significant corporate transactions, such as mergers and related
party transactions. These insiders also can delay or perhaps even block, by their ownership of our stock, an unsolicited tender offer.
This concentration of ownership could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of our company that you
might view favorably. 

OUR DIRECTORS MAY HAVE CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
WHICH MAY NOT BE RESOLVED FAVORABLY TO US. 

Certain conflicts of interest may exist between
our sole director and us. Our sole Director has other business interests to which he devotes his attention and may be expected to continue
to do so although management time should be devoted to our business. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise that can be resolved
only through exercise of such judgment as is consistent with our fiduciary duties to us. See "Directors and Executive Officers"
(page 26 below), and "Conflicts of Interest." (page 28 below). 

WE MAY DEPEND UPON OUTSIDE ADVISORS; WHO MAY
NOT BE AVAILABLE ON REASONABLE TERMS AND AS NEEDED. 

To supplement the business experience of our officers
and directors, we may be required to employ accountants, technical experts, appraisers, attorneys, or other consultants or advisors. Our
Board, without any input from stockholders will make the selection of any such advisors. Furthermore, it is anticipated that such persons
may be engaged on an "as needed" basis without a continuing fiduciary or other obligation to us. In the event we consider it
necessary to hire outside advisors, we may elect to hire persons who are affiliates, if they are able to provide the required services. 

WE ARE AN EMERGING GROWTH COMPANY, 
AND ANY DECISION ON OUR PART TO COMPLY ONLY WITH CERTAIN REDUCED DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO EMERGING GROWTH COMPANIES 
COULD MAKE OUR COMMON STOCK LESS ATTRACTIVE TO INVESTORS. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the JOBS Act, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we expect and fully intend
to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging growth
companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, or until the earliest
of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed 1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a large
accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that
is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (iii)
the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also
provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)2(B)
of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company 
can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected
to opt for the extended transition period for complying with the revised accounting standards. We have elected to rely on these exemptions
and reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and expect to continue to do so. 

5 

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO MEET THE FILING AND INTERNAL
CONTROL REPORTING REQUIREMENTS IMPOSED BY THE SEC, WHICH MAY RESULT IN A DECLINE IN THE PRICE OF OUR COMMON SHARES AND AN INABILITY TO
OBTAIN FUTURE FINANCING. 

As directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, as amended by SEC Release No. 33-8934 on June 26, 2008, the SEC adopted rules requiring each public company to include a report of
management on the company s internal controls over financial reporting in its annual reports. In addition, the independent registered
public accounting firm auditing a company s financial statements may have to also attest to and report on management s assessment
of the effectiveness of the company s internal controls over financial reporting. We may be required to include a report of management
on its internal control over financial reporting. The internal control report must include a statement. 

Of management s responsibility for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over its financial reporting; 

Of management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of year-end; and 

Of the framework used by management to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 

Furthermore, our independent registered public
accounting firm may be required to file its attestation on whether it believes that we have maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over financial reporting. 

While we expect to expend significant resources
in developing the necessary documentation and testing procedures required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, there is a risk that
we may not be able to comply timely with all of the requirements imposed by this rule. In the event that we are unable to receive a positive
attestation from our independent registered public accounting firm with respect to our internal controls, investors and others may lose
confidence in the reliability of our financial statements and our stock price and ability to obtain equity or debt financing as needed
could suffer. 

In addition, in the event that our independent
registered public accounting firm is unable to rely on our internal controls in connection with its audit of our financial statements,
and in the further event that it is unable to devise alternative procedures in order to satisfy itself as to the material accuracy of
our financial statements and related disclosures, it is possible that we would be unable to file our Annual Report on Form 10-K with the
SEC, which could also adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to secure additional financing as needed. 

REPORTING REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT
AND COMPLIANCE WITH THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, INCLUDING ESTABLISHING AND MAINTAINING ACCEPTABLE INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL
REPORTING, ARE COSTLY AND MAY INCREASE SUBSTANTIALLY. 

The rules and regulations of the SEC require a
public company to prepare and file periodic reports under the Exchange Act, which will require that the Company engage legal, accounting,
auditing and other professional services. The engagement of such services is costly. Additionally, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we design, implement and maintain adequate internal controls and
procedures over financial reporting. The costs of complying with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the limited technically qualified personnel
we have may make it difficult for us to design, implement and maintain adequate internal controls over financial reporting. In the event
that we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls or discover material weaknesses in our internal controls, we may not
be able to produce reliable financial reports or report fraud, which may harm our overall financial condition and result in loss of investor
confidence and a decline in our share price. 

As a public company, we will be subject to the
reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010 and other applicable securities rules and
regulations. Despite recent reforms made possible by the JOBS Act, compliance with these rules and regulations will nonetheless increase
our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems
and resources, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. The Exchange Act requires, among other things,
that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. 

6 

We are working with our legal, accounting and
financial advisors to identify those areas in which changes should be made to our financial and management control systems to manage our
growth and our obligations as a public company. These areas include corporate governance, corporate control, disclosure controls and procedures
and financial reporting and accounting systems. We have made, and will continue to make, changes in these and other areas. However, we
anticipate that the expenses that will be required in order to adequately prepare for being a public company could be material. We estimate
that the aggregate cost of increased legal services; accounting and audit functions; personnel, such as a chief financial officer familiar
with the obligations of public company reporting; consultants to design and implement internal controls; and financial printing alone
will be a few hundred thousand dollars per year and could be several hundred thousand dollars per year. In addition, if and when we retain
independent directors and/or additional members of senior management, we may incur additional expenses related to director compensation
and/or premiums for directors and officers liability insurance, the costs of which we cannot estimate at this time. We may
also incur additional expenses associated with investor relations and similar functions, the cost of which we also cannot estimate at
this time. However, these additional expenses individually, or in the aggregate, may also be material. 

In addition, being a public company could make
it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including directors and officers liability
insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or
similar coverage. The impact of these events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve
on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 

The increased costs associated with operating
as a public company may decrease our net income or increase our net loss and may cause us to reduce costs in other areas of our business
or increase the prices of our products or services to offset the effect of such increased costs. Additionally, if these requirements divert
our management s attention from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

THE JOBS ACT ALLOWS US TO DELAY THE ADOPTION
OF NEW OR REVISED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS THAT HAVE DIFFERENT EFFECTIVE DATES FOR PUBLIC AND PRIVATE COMPANIES. 

Since, we have elected to use the extended transition
period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act, this election allows us to delay
the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards
apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with
public company effective dates. 

WE HAVE A MATERIAL WEAKNESS IN OUR CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES. 

We have conducted an evaluation of our internal
control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations for the Treadway Commission COSO and published in 2013, and subsequent guidance prepared by
COSO specifically for smaller public companies. Based on that evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was not sufficient as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 for the reasons discussed below: 

A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting, that adversely affects the entity s ability to initiate, authorize,
record, process, or report financial data reliably in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles such that there is more
than a remote likelihood that a misstatement of the entity s financial statements that is more than inconsequential will not be
prevented or detected by the entity s internal control. 

A material weakness is a deficiency or a combination
of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

7 

Management identified the following material weakness
and significant deficiencies in its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024: 

The Company did not maintain effective controls over certain aspects of the financial reporting process because we lacked personnel with accounting expertise and an adequate supervisory review structure that is commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. 

Material Weakness Inadequate segregation of duties. 

The management of the Company believes that these
material weaknesses will remain until such time that the Company has the resources to increase the number of personnel committed to the
performance of its financial duties that such weaknesses can be specifically addressed. This will include, but not limited to, the following: 

Hiring of additional personnel to adequately segregate financial reporting duties. 

The retention of outside consultants to review our controls and procedures. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR SECURITIES 

REDUCTION OF PERCENTAGE SHARE OWNERSHIP FOLLOWING
BUSINESS COMBINATION AND DILUTION TO STOCKHOLDERS. 

 Our primary plan of operation is based upon a business
combination with a private concern which, in all likelihood, would result in us issuing securities to stockholders of such a private company.
The issuance of previously authorized and unissued shares of our common stock would result in a reduction in the percentage of shares
owned by present and prospective stockholders and may result in a change in control or management. In addition, any merger or acquisition
can be expected to have a significant dilutive effect on the percentage of the shares held by our stockholders. 

THE REGULATION OF PENNY STOCKS BY SEC AND NASD
MAY HAVE AN EFFECT ON THE TRADABILITY OF OUR SECURITIES. 

Our securities are currently traded on the Over
the Counter market with a designation of Pink No Information, and we are seeking to have them upgraded to Pink Current Information.
Our shares are subject to a Securities and Exchange Commission rule that imposes special sales practice requirements upon broker-dealers
who sell such securities to persons other than established customers or accredited investors. For purposes of the rule, the phrase "accredited
investors" means, in general terms, institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000, or individuals having a net worth in excess
of 1,000,000 or having an annual income that exceeds 200,000 (or that, when combined with a spouse's income, exceeds 300,000). 

For transactions covered by the rule, the broker-dealer
must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction prior
to the sale. Consequently, the rule may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and also may affect the ability of
purchasers in this offering to sell their securities in any market that might develop, therefore. 

In addition, the Securities and Exchange Commission
has adopted a number of rules to regulate "penny stocks." Such rules include Rules 3a51-1, 15g-1, 15g-2, 15g-3, 15g-4, 15g-5,
15g-6, 15g-7, and 15g-9 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Because our securities constitute "penny stocks"
within the meaning of the rules, the rules would apply to us and to our securities. The rules may further affect the ability of owners
of shares to sell our securities in any market that might develop for them. 

8 

Shareholders should be aware that, according to
the Securities and Exchange Commission, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such
patterns include (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer;
(ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (iii) "boiler
room" practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; (iv) excessive
and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (v) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters
and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired consequent investor losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that
have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate the behavior of the market
or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, management will strive within the confines of practical limitations to prevent the
described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. 

The shares of our common stock may be thinly traded
on the Pink Sheets, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our shares of common stock at or near ask prices at any
given time may be relatively small or non-existent. This situation is attributable to a number of factors, including the fact that we
are a small company which is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors and others in the investment
community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse
and would be reluctant to follow an unproven, early stage company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares of
common stock until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when
trading activity in our shares of common stock is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady
volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on Securities price. 

OUR STOCK WILL IN ALL LIKELIHOOD BE THINLY
TRADED AND AS A RESULT YOU MAY BE UNABLE TO SELL AT OR NEAR ASK PRICES OR AT ALL IF YOU NEED TO LIQUIDATE YOUR SHARES. 

We cannot give you any assurance that a broader
or more active public trading market for our shares of common stock will develop or be sustained, or that any trading levels will be sustained.
Due to these conditions, we can give investors no assurance that they will be able to sell their shares of common stock at or near ask
prices or at all if you need money or otherwise desire to liquidate your shares of common stock of our Company. 

OTC MARKETS CURRENTLY DISPLAYS A PINK LIMITED
INFORMATION SIGN. 

OTC Markets Group designates certain securities
as Pink No Information and places a YIELD Sign icon next to the stock symbol to inform investors that the Company has posted
limited information through the OTC Markets Disclosure News service or is late in its filing obligations with the SEC. This is to
inform investors there may be reason to exercise additional caution and perform thorough due diligence before making an investment decision
in that security. 

OTC Markets will continue to display Pink Limited
Information on its securities OTC Markets pages until adequate current information is made available by the issuer pursuant to the Alternative
Reporting Standard or by the SEC Reporting Standard, and until OTC Markets believes there is no longer a public interest concern. Investors
are encouraged to use caution and due diligence in their investment decisions. 

The Company is approved for the OTC Markets for
its OTC IQ disclosure program. The Company may or may not necessarily continue to disclose information through the OTC IQ program. 

RULE 144 IS NOT AVAILABLE TO DEVELOPMENT STAGE
(SHELL) COMPANIES. 

Rule 144 provides an exemption from registration
allowing for the resale of previously unregistered securities subject to certain conditions being met. However, Rule 144 is unavailable
to securities of issuers with no or nominal operations and no or nominal non-cash assets. As a result, holders of our securities which
have not been previously registered, or received an exemption from registration, will not be able to sell their securities until such
time as the conditions required by Rule 144 have been met. 

9 

RULE 144 SALES IN THE FUTURE MAY HAVE A DEPRESSIVE
EFFECT ON OUR STOCK PRICE. 

Rule 144 provides in essence that a person who
has held restricted securities for one year may, under certain conditions, sell every three months, in brokerage transactions, a number
of Shares that does not exceed the greater of 1.0 of a company's outstanding common stock or the average weekly trading volume during
the four calendar weeks prior to the sale. There is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a nonaffiliate
after the owner has held the restricted securities for a period of two years. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from
the Act, may have a depressive effect upon the price of the common stock in any market that may develop. 

OUR STOCK IS NOT LISTED FOR TRADING ON ANY NATIONAL
EXCHANGE OR (OTC) MARKET 

In the event that we become listed on the OTC market
it is likely that our common stock will be subject to price volatility, low volumes of trades and large spreads in bid and ask prices
quoted by market makers. Due to the low volume of shares traded on any trading day, persons buying or selling in relatively small quantities
may easily influence the prices of our common stock. This low volume of trades could also cause the price of our stock to fluctuate greatly,
with large percentage changes in price occurring in any trading day session. Holders of our common stock may also not be able to readily
liquidate their investment or may be forced to sell at depressed prices due to low volume trading. If high spreads between the bid and
ask prices of our common stock exist at the time of a purchase, the stock would have to appreciate substantially on a relative percentage
basis for an investor to recoup their investment. Broad market fluctuations and general economic and political conditions may also adversely
affect the market price of our common stock. No assurance can be given that an active market in our common stock will develop or be sustained.
If an active market does not develop, holders of our common stock may be unable to readily sell the shares they hold or may not be able
to sell their shares at all. 

LOSS OF CONTROL BY OUR PRESENT MANAGEMENT AND
STOCKHOLDERS MAY OCCUR UPON THE ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL SHARES. 

We may issue further shares as consideration for
the cash or assets or services out of our authorized but unissued common stock that would, upon issuance, represent a majority of our
voting power and equity. The result of such an issuance would be those new stockholders and management would control us, and persons unknown
could replace our management at this time. Such an occurrence would result in a greatly reduced percentage of ownership of us by our current
Shareholders. 

IF THE REGISTRATION OF OUR COMMON STOCK IS
REVOKED IN THE FUTURE, OUR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES WILL CEASE TO EXIST. 

In the event our securities registration was to
be revoked, we would not have the ability to raise money through the issuance of shares and would lose the ability to continue the business
plan set out in this filing. Common stock issued and outstanding at that time would no longer be tradable. 

WE DO NOT ANTICIPATE PAYING CASH DIVIDENDS
ON OUR COMMON STOCK. 

We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

WE MAY BE UNSUCCESSFUL IN FINDING A MERGER
THAT CAN BE ACCOMPLISHED WITH POSITIVE LONG-TERM RESULTS. 

The business of selecting and entering into a
merger is fraught with all kinds of issues. For instance, the business may need capital that is never achieved, the management is not
capable of carrying the business forward successfully, the business plan is ill-conceived, and not executed, or competitive factors cause
business failure. There are many other factors in addition to these, as may have been discussed above in Risk Factors which
could cause our Company to fail and the investor s capital will be at risk. 

10 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 

We regularly review our cybersecurity defenses to
assess our vulnerability to cybersecurity attacks from viruses, malware and more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks such
as hackers looking to demand ransomware or access our systems to obtain information and data, as well as our vulnerability to cybersecurity
failures resulting from human error and technological errors. We rely upon internal IT personnel working in conjunction with specialized
outside security consultants on a day-to-day basis to conduct reviews and upgrade our systems when determined to be necessary. 

Our overall strategy in combatting cybersecurity risks
includes a variety of measures, including: 

the use of antivirus software, virtual private
 networks, email security, as well as other software and system-wide measures such as multi-factor authorization to prevent and
 detect data intrusions; 

deployment of updates and patches as they become
 available from our software suppliers and consultants and maintaining the current versions of major software to reduce the exposure
 to vulnerabilities; 

the use of third-party services to conduct mandatory
online training for all employees regarding identifying and avoiding cyber-security risks; 

the review of the security procedures used by third parties that may host or otherwise have access to our systems; 

the deployment of third-party cyber-security
 experts to perform penetration testing on our internal and external networks and systems in an effort to identify potential
 vulnerabilities; and consideration of the cybersecurity risks posed by interacting with current and potential third-party service
 providers, suppliers and customers. 

We are not aware of any existent
weakness in our systems or malware embedded in our systems that would materially affect, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our opera 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The Company s principal business and corporate address is 2030
Powers Ferry Rd. SE, Suite #212 Atlanta, Georgia 30339. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not currently involved in any legal proceedings
and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

11 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Market Information 

Our Common Stock is not listed on any securities
exchange and is quoted on the OTC Pink Market under the symbol RDGH . Such quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without
retail markup, mark-down, or commission and do not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Holders 

As of October 1, 2024 there were 64 shareholders
of record of the Company s Common Stock based upon the records of the shareholders provided by the Company s transfer agent.
The Company s transfer agent is Empire Stock Transfer, Inc., 1859 Whitney Mesa Dr., Henderson, NV 89014. Their telephone number
is (702) 818-5898 / (702) 974-1444 fax. 

Dividends 

We have never paid or declared any dividends on
our Common Stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities Authorized For Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

We currently do not have any equity compensation
plans. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

We have previously disclosed all sales of securities
without registration under the Securities Act of 1933. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not Applicable. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULT OF OPERATIONS 

The Company has no operations or revenue as of
the date of this Report. We are currently in the process of developing a business plan. Management intends to explore and identify viable
business opportunities within the U.S. including seeking to acquire a business in a reverse merger. Our ability to effectively identify,
develop and implement a viable plan for our business may be hindered by risks and uncertainties which are beyond our control, including
without limitation, the continued negative effects of the coronavirus pandemic on the U.S. and global economies. For more information
about the risk of Covid-19 on our business, see Item 1A Risk Factors. 

12 

Plan of Operation 

The Company has no operations from a continuing
business other than the expenditures related to running the Company and has no revenue from continuing operations as of the date of this
Report. 

Management intends to explore and identify business
opportunities within the U.S., including a potential acquisition of an operating entity through a reverse merger, asset purchase, or similar
transaction. Our Chief Executive Officer has experience in business consulting, although no assurances can be given that he can identify
and implement a viable business strategy or that any such strategy will result in profits. Our ability to effectively identify, develop
and implement a viable plan for our business may be hindered by risks and uncertainties which are beyond our control, including without
limitation, the continued negative effects of the coronavirus pandemic on the U.S. and global economies. For more information about the
risk of coronavirus on our business, see Item 1A Risk Factors. 

We do not currently engage in any business activities
that provide revenue or cash flow. During the next 12-month period we anticipate incurring costs in connection with investigating, evaluating,
and negotiating potential business combinations, filing SEC reports, and consummating an acquisition of an operating business. 

Given our limited capital resources, we may consider
a business combination with an entity which has recently commenced operations, is a developing company or is otherwise in need of additional
funds for the development of new products or services or expansion into new markets, or is an established business experiencing financial
or operating difficulties and is in need of additional capital. Alternatively, a business combination may involve the acquisition of,
or merger with, an entity which desires access to the U.S. capital markets. 

As of the date of this Report, our management
has not had any discussions with any representative of any other entity regarding a potential business combination. Any target business
that is selected may be financially unstable or in the early stages of development. In such event, we expect to be subject to numerous
risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or early-stage entity. In addition, we may effect a business combination
with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk or in which our management has limited experience, and, although our
management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, there can be no assurance that we will properly
ascertain or assess all significant risks. 

Our management anticipates that we will likely
only be able to effect one business combination due to our limited capital. This lack of diversification will likely pose a substantial
risk in investing in the Company for the indefinite future because it will not permit us to offset potential losses from one venture or
operating territory against gains from another. The risks we face will likely be heightened to the extent we acquire a business operating
in a single industry or geographical region. 

We anticipate that the selection of a business
combination will be a complex and risk-prone process. Because of general economic conditions, including unfavorable conditions caused
by the coronavirus pandemic, rapid technological advances being made in some industries and shortages of available capital, management
believes that there are a number of firms seeking business opportunities at this time at discounted rates with which we will compete.
We expect that any potentially available business combinations may appear in a variety of different industries or regions and at various
stages of development, all of which will likely render the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities
extremely difficult and complicated. Once we have developed and begun to implement our business plan, management intends to fund our working
capital requirements through a combination of our existing funds and future issuances of debt or equity securities. Our working capital
requirements are expected to increase in line with the implementation of a business plan and commencement of operations. 

Based upon our current operations, we do not have
sufficient working capital to fund our operations over the next 12 months. If we are able to close a reverse merger, it is likely we will
need capital as a condition of closing that acquisition. Because of the uncertainties, we cannot be certain as to how much capital we
need to raise or the type of securities we will be required to issue. In connection with a reverse merger, we will be required to issue
a controlling block of our securities to the target s shareholders which will be very dilutive. 

13 

Additional issuances of equity or convertible
debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders. Further, such securities might have rights, preferences, or privileges
senior to our Common Stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available
or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective new business endeavors or opportunities,
which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations. 

We anticipate that we will incur operating losses
in the next 12 months, principally costs related to our being obligated to file reports with the SEC. Our prospects must be considered
in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development. Such risks for
us include, but are not limited to, an evolving and unpredictable business model, recognition of revenue sources, and the management of
growth. To address these risks, we must, among other things, develop, implement, and successfully execute our business and marketing strategy,
respond to competitive developments, and attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel. There can be no assurance that we will
be successful in addressing such risks, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

COVID-19 Update 

To date, the COVID-19 pandemic has not had a material
impact on the Company, particularly due to our current lack of operations. The pandemic may, however, have an impact on our ability to
evaluate and acquire an operating entity through a reverse merger or otherwise. See Item 1A Risk Factors for more information. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of the date of this Report, we do not have
any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes
in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material
to investors. 

Going Concern 

The independent registered public accounting firm
auditors report accompanying our June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 financial statements contained an explanatory paragraph expressing
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements have been prepared assuming that we
will continue as a going concern, which contemplates that we will realize our assets and satisfy our liabilities and commitments
in the ordinary course of business. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

14 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Ridgedale
Holdings, Inc. 

OPINION ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Ridgedale
Holdings, Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2024, and 2023, and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30,
2024, and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

GOING CONCERN 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in
Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a
going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

BASIS FOR OPINION 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the
risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

CRITICAL AUDIT MATTERS 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current
period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate
to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
judgements. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2024. 

October 4, 2024 

 PCAOB ID Number 

F- 1 

RIDGEDALE HOLDINGS INC. 

 CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Notes payable related party 

Accrued interest payable 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, Par Value , shares authorized, - - shares and - - issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2024
 and June 30, 2023, respectively 

Common stock, Par Value , shares authorized, and issued and
 outstanding as of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 

F- 2 

RIDGEDALE HOLDINGS INC. 

 CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year 
 Year 

Ended 
 Ended 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue 

Operating Expenses: 

Administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

(Loss) from operations 

Other (expense) 

Interest expense 

Other expense 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net Loss 

Basic and diluted (loss) per common share 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 

F- 3 

RIDGEDALE HOLDINGS INC. 

 CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, June 30, 2022 

Conversion of preferred stock to common stock -related party 

Private placement of common shares 

Private placement of common shares 

Net loss 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Net loss 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 

F- 4 

RIDGEDALE HOLDINGS INC. 

 CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year 
 Year 

Ended 
 Ended 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) operating activities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued interest 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from the private placement of common stock 

Notes payable related parties 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Increase (Decrease) In Cash 

Cash At The Beginning Of The Period 

Cash At The End Of The Period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 

F- 5 

RIDGEDALE HOLDINGS INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and an accumulated deficit
of . 

Because the Company does not expect that existing
operational cash flow will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations, this raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the Company will need to raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative
sources of financing. The Company is currently being funded by Erik Nelson through loans from Coral Investment Partners which he controls.
The Company will be required to continue to require funding until its operations become profitable. 

and respectively. 

shares
of Common Stock with a par value of . 

On September 27, 2022, the Company changed its
name and effected a . As of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 there were and post-split
shares outstanding, respectively. 

On December 8, 2022 CIP converted its 
shares of preferred stock into shares of common stock. Additionally since December 2022 the Company has received subscriptions
for Units at a price of 0.05 per Unit with total proceeds of 2,000. 

Preferred stock 

On November 20, 2020 the Company filed a certificate
of Designation with the State of Delaware to designate shares of Series A convertible stock with a par value of . 

All shares of the Series A Preferred Stock shall
rank (i) senior to the Corporation s Common Stock and any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation hereafter created,
(ii) pari passu with any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation hereafter created and specifically ranking, by its terms,
on par with the Series A Preferred Stock and (iii) junior to any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation hereafter created
specifically ranking, by its terms, senior to the Series A Preferred Stock, in each case as to distribution of assets upon liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary. 

. 

On May 7, 2021, the Company signed a subscription
agreement with Coral Investment Partners CIP whereby CIP purchased shares of preferred stock for the price of
 . 

Additionally, on the same day CIP agreed to purchase
cashless Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants for a total price of , or 0.000005 per warrant. This transaction
was valued at and recorded as stock-based compensation expense during the year ended June 30, 2021. As a result of the 1 for
1,000 stock split effected on September 27, 2023, the number of Class A warrants and Class B warrants was adjusted to 1,000,000 Class
A and 1,000,000 Class B warrants, at exercise prices of 2.00 and 5.00, respectively. 

Both the Company and Coral Investment Partners
are controlled by Erik Nelson. 

On December 8, 2022 CIP converted its 
shares of preferred stock into shares of common stock. As a result there are no longer any preferred shares outstanding. 

As of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023 there were
- - and - - shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding, respectively. 

and ; and and respectively. 

F- 10 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management,
including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management has determined that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of June 30, 2024. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting . 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act.
Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

15 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting based on the parameters set forth above and has concluded that as of June 30, 2024, our internal
control over financial reporting was not effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles as a result
of the following material weaknesses: 

The Company does not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions due to only having one officer and limited resources. 

The Company does not have an independent board of directors or an audit committee. 

The Company does not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. 

All of the Company s financial reporting is carried out by a financial consultant. 

We plan to rectify these weaknesses by implementing
an independent board of directors, establishing written policies and procedures for our internal control of financial reporting, and hiring
additional accounting personnel at such time as we complete a reverse merger or similar business acquisition. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. 

There have been no change in our internal control
over financial reporting during the year June 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

During
the quarter ended June 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1
trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of
Regulation S-K. 

16 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth the names and positions
of our executive officers and directors. Directors will be elected at our annual meeting of stockholders and serve for one year or until
their successors are elected and qualify. Officers are elected by the Board and their terms of office are, except to the extent governed
by employment contract, at the discretion of the Board. 

The following table sets forth the names, ages,
and positions with us for each of our directors and officers as of September 1, 2024: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Erik S. Nelson 
 
 57 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director 

Erik S. Nelson, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

Erik S. Nelson, age 57, our sole director, was
appointed as CEO, President, and a Member of the Board of Directors on October 26, 2020. Mr. Nelson is a graduate of the University
of Colorado (1989) with a bachelors in Business Administration, with an emphasis in Finance. Mr. Nelson is also the President of Coral
Capital Advisors, LLC. an advisory services firm founded in 1995 that provides services to privately held and publicly traded companies.
Mr. Nelson is also the President of Mountain Share Transfer, LLC, an SEC registered stock transfer agent since September 2012. Mr. Nelson
has experience in assisting companies to comply with the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, corporate reorganizations , and
the FINRA corporate action process. Additionally, Mr. Nelson has extensive experience in evaluating the business plans of companies in
a variety of industries. Additionally, Mr. Nelson has served as an officer and/or director of the following companies (in addition to
those listed in those companies listed hereafter under additional Information ): 

The Midnight Mining Company: President and Director. Mr. Nelson was appointed President and a member of the Board of Directors in April of 2017. The Midnight Mining Company, while no longer involved in the mining industry or owning any mining claims, is a holding company with approximately 448 shareholders. 

Lake Shore Tram, Inc.: From January of 2015 to January of 2016,, Mr. Nelson was the President of Lake Shore Tram, a privately held company that produced incline tram systems for residential use. During this period of time, Mr. Nelson provided interim management and turnaround services to the Company. 

New NRG, Inc.: Mr. Nelson served as the President of New NRG, Inc. a startup biodiesel producer from 2007 to 2008. 

Telemax Corp. : Director. Mr. Nelson served as a member of the Board of Directors of Telemax Corp. from approximately 1996 to 2004. 

As President of Coral Capital Advisors, Mr. Nelson
has consulted on several acquisitions and corporate restructurings. This includes the acquisition of Nexland, Inc. by Winstar Resources
in 1999, ISNI.net, Inc. by Hawkeye Corp. in 2000, 3Pea Technologies, Inc. by Tika, Corp. in 2006, and Digitiliti, Inc. by Themescapes,
Inc. in 2007. Additionally, Mr. Nelson provides due diligence services through his consulting firm, Coral Capital Advisors, LLC. 

Mountain Share Transfer and Erik Nelson consented
to an SEC Order in 2015 related to failure to file an updated correct TA-1 Form and other administrative violations and disclosure matters
of the Transfer Agent, Mountain Share Transfer (Administrative Proceeding file no. 3-16378, 34 Act Rel. no. 74226). Mr. Nelson was disciplined
by the NASD in 1995 for misconduct involving accounts when he was acting as a registered broker representative. He consented to censure,
and a bar from being a representative, and was fined 50,000. He had been terminated as a registered representative and has not been reinstated
since then. 

Additionally, Mr. Nelson provides due diligence
services through his consulting firm, Coral Capital Advisors, LLC. 

17 

Additional Information 

Pursuant to the definition contained in the Securities
Act, Mr. Nelson is deemed to be a promoter of this Company and those listed below. 

The business purpose of this blank check company
as well as the previous blank check companies that Mr. Nelson was involved with, were to engage in a business merger or acquisition with
an unidentified company or companies. 

The information below summarizes all of the blank
check companies, which filed a registration statement on Form 10-12g, with which Mr. Nelson has been affiliated with within the past five
years. 

Erik S. Nelson, also serves as the President and
a director of Bitmine Immersion Technologies, Inc. f/k/a Sandy Springs Holdings, Inc. He was appointed as CEO, President, CFO, and a member
of the Board of Directors on August 2, 2019. On July 16, 2021, Mr. Nelson resigned as Chief Financial Officer and corporate secretary.
By a written consent dated July 16, 2021, holders of a majority of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock approved a
resolution to appoint Jonathan Bates, Raymond Mow, Michael Maloney and Seth Bayles (the New Directors to the board
of directors of the Company, and to appoint Jonathan Bates as Chairman. At the same time, the shareholders approved the issuance of 34,749,999
shares of common stock in the Company s offering of common stock at 0.015 per share. The New Directors or their affiliates acquired
an aggregate of 21,450,000 shares of common stock in the offering. As a result of the acquisition, the New Directors control 56 of issued
and outstanding common shares of the Company. 

The appointment of the New Directors to the Company s
board, and sale to the New Directors of a controlling interest in the Company, were made in order to enable the Company to enter the business
of creating a hosting center for Bitcoin mining computers primarily utilizing immersion cooling technology, as well mining the Bitcoin
digital currency for its own account. Prior to the change of control to the New Directors, the Company was a shell company. 

Following the acquisition of the controlling interest,
the promissory note to Coral Investment Partners was repaid in full. Coral Investment Partners retained 1,505,000 common shares representing
3.68 of the issued and outstanding shares of BitMine Immersion Technologies, Inc. 

Mr. Nelson was the Corporate Secretary and a member
of the Board of Directors of Nocera, Inc. Nocera from September 19, 2011 until December 31, 2021 . On June 30, 2021 Nocera
acquired Grand Smooth, Inc. Limited, a Hong Kong corporation. Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, Nelson Fiorino Holdings, LLC.
was paid a fee of 175,000. At the time of the merger, Mr. Nelson held a 50 interest in Nelson Fiorino Holdings. Mr. Nelson remains the
beneficial owner of 652,600 shares representing 7.15 of the issued outstanding shares. On October 30, 2019, Nocera filed a Regulation
A offering, which was subsequently withdrawn on May 12, 2020. 

Mr. Nelson was the sole officer (CEO, President,
and CFO) and sole Director of Vinings Holdings, Inc. (October 2019 February 2021). In February of 2021, Vinings Holdings merged
with Coeptis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. whereby the company changed its name to Coeptis Therapeutics, Inc. Following the completion of the
merger, Mr. Nelson resigned as an officer and director of the Company. Coral Investment Partners retained 400,000 common shares in the
company. On November 18, 2021, Coeptis filed a Regulation A offering, which received a Notice of Qualification on December 3, 2021. 

The information below summarizes all of the blank
check companies, which have not filed a registration statement, with which Mr. Nelson has been associated. 

Mr. Nelson was appointed President and sole Director of Kinetic Seas f/k/a,
Bellatora, Inc. on June 18, 2021. Mr. Nelson served as President until December 2023, and is currently a Director of Kinetic Seas which
has emerged from shell status. 

Mr. Nelson was appointed President and sole Director of Digital Day Agency, Inc. on December 2, 2020. The Company has not engaged in any business combination and is not currently seeking any business combination, merger, or acquisition. 

Mr. Nelson was appointed President and a member of the Board of Directors of ATI Networks, Inc. on July 20, 2021. The Company has not engaged in any business combination and is not currently seeking any business combination, merger, or acquisition. 

18 

CONFLICTS OF INTEREST - GENERAL 

Our directors and officers are, or may become,
in their individual capacities, officers, directors, controlling shareholder and/or partners of other entities engaged in a variety of
businesses. In addition to the business activities listed above, Mr. Nelson is involved with the following businesses. 

Sterling Holdings Investments, LLC: A holding company with no direct operations. Sterling Holdings and Investments hold the ownership of Coral Capital Advisors, LLC. and Mountain Share Transfer, LLC. 

Coral Capital Advisors, LLC: An independent consulting and advisory firm focused on companies and participants in the lower and middle markets. 

Mountain Share Transfer, LLC.: A SEC registered stock transfer agent servicing privately held and publicly traded companies. 

Coral Investment Partners, LP.: A private partnership formed for the purpose of providing capital for the restructuring of dormant public companies. 

Nelson Fiorino Holdings, LLC.: A holding company formed for the purpose of holding shares of Nocera, Inc. owned by Marina Fiorino and Mr. Nelson. 

Thus, there exist potential conflicts of interest
including, among other things, time, efforts and corporation opportunity, involved in participation with such other business entities.
While officers and the sole director of our business are engaged in business activities outside of our business, they devote to our business
such time as they believe to be necessary. 

CONFLICTS OF INTEREST - CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES 

Presently no requirement contained in our Articles
of Incorporation, Bylaws, or minutes which requires officers and directors of our business to disclose to us business opportunities which
come to their attention. Our officers and directors do, however, have a fiduciary duty of loyalty to us to disclose to us any business
opportunities which come to their attention, in their capacity as an officer and/or director or otherwise. Excluded from this duty would
be opportunities which the person learns about through his involvement as an officer and director of another company. We have no intention
of merging with or acquiring an affiliate, associate person or business opportunity from any affiliate or any client of any such person. 

Election of Directors and Officers 

Directors are elected to serve until the next
annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Officers are appointed to serve until the meeting
of the Board following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. 

Audit Committee 

We do not have any committees of the Board as
we only have one director. 

Director Independence 

We do not currently have any independent directors.
We evaluate independence by the standards for director independence established by Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Stock Market,
Inc. 

19 

Board Leadership Structure 

We have chosen to combine the Chief Executive
Officer and Board Chairman positions since one person is our sole officer and director. 

Code of Ethics 

Our Board has not adopted a Code of Ethics due
to the Company s size and lack of employees. As of the date of this Report, our sole director is also our Chief Executive Officer. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the
Company s directors, executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of the Company s Common Stock to file initial reports
of ownership and changes in ownership of the Company s Common Stock with the SEC. These individuals are required by the regulations
of the SEC to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on a review of the copies of the forms furnished
to us none of Company s directors, executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of the Company s Common Stock failed
to comply with Section 16(a) filing requirements. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following information is related to the compensation
paid, distributed, or accrued by us for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 to our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer)
during the last fiscal year and the two other most highly compensated executive officers serving as of the end of the last fiscal year
whose compensation exceeded 100,000 (the Named Executive Officers ). 

Executive compensation during the two years ended
June 30, 2024 and 2023 was as follows: 

NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITION 
 
 YEAR 
 
 SALARY 
 ) 
 
 BONUS 
 ) 
 
 STOCK
 AWARDS 
 ) 
 
 OPTIONS 
 AWARDS 
 ) 
 
 NON-QUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION 
 ) 
 
 ALL 
 OTHER COMPENSATION 
 ) 
 
 TOTAL 

Erik S. Nelson, 
 
 2024 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Chief Executive Officer and President, Director (1) 
 
 2023 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Yin-Chieh Cheng, 

Former Chief Financial Officer (2) 
 
 2023 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

1. 
 Erik S. Nelson, our sole director, was appointed as CEO and President on October 26, 2020. 

2. 
 Yin-Chieh Cheng was appointed as CFO on November 18, 2020. He passed away in June, 2023 and Mr. Nelson assumed the position of Chief Financial Officer at that time. 

20 

Named Executive Officer Employment Agreements 

None. 

Termination Provisions 

As of the date of this Report, we have no contract,
agreement, plan, or arrangement, whether written or unwritten, that provides for payments to a Named Executive Officer at, following,
or in connection with any termination, including without limitation resignation, severance, retirement or a constructive termination of
a Named Executive Officer, or a change in control of the Company or a change in the Named Executive Officer s responsibilities,
with respect to each Named Executive Officer. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

 As of June 30, 2024, Erik Nelson did not hold any
unexercised options, stock that has not vested, or other equity incentive plan awards. 

Director Compensation 

To date, we have not paid our director any compensation
for services on our Board. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The Company does not have any securities authorized
for issuance or outstanding under an equity compensation plan or equity compensation grants made outside of such a plan. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding beneficial ownership of the Company s Common Stock as of September 30, 2023 by (i) each person who is known by the Company
to own beneficially more than 5 of any classes of outstanding Common Stock, and (ii) the Chief Executive Officer of the Company group
based upon 1,670,000 shares outstanding. 

Title of Class 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Percent of Class Outstanding (2) 

Common Shares 
 
 Erik S. Nelson, 
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer President and Director (3)(5) 
 
 3,000,000 
 
 81.74 

Common Shares 
 
 All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group 
(1 person) 
 
 3,000,000 
 
 81.74 

Class A Warrants 
 
 Erik S. Nelson, 
Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (4) 
 
 1,000,000 
 
 100 

Class A Warrants 
 
 All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group 
 
 1,000,000 
 
 100 

Class B Warrants 
 
 Erik S. Nelson, 
Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (4) 
 
 1,000,000 
 
 100 

Class B Warrants 
 
 All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group 
 
 1,000,000 
 
 100 

______________________ 

(1) 
 The address of each person listed above, unless otherwise indicated, is c/o Ridgedale Holdings Inc. 2030 Powers Ferry Road SE, Suite 212, Atlanta, GA 30339. 

(2) 
 Based upon 1,670,000 common shares issued and outstanding on a fully diluted basis. 

(3) 
 Sterling Holdings Investments, LLC is Georgia limited liability company. Mr. Nelson is the President and sole shareholder of the company. 

(4) 
 Coral Investment Partners, LP. is an investment partnership. Mr. Nelson is President of the General Partner, and thus has control of the shares owned by the partnership. 

(5) 
 Assumes the full exercise of the Class A and Class B warrants beneficially owned by Mr. Nelson. 

21 

GREATER THAN 5 STOCKHOLDERS 

Title of Class 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner
 (1) 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial
 Owner 
 
 Percent of Class Outstanding
 (1) 

Common Shares 
 
 Erik Nelson (2) 
 2030 Powers Ferry Rd SE, Suite #212 
 Atlanta, GA 30339 
 
 1,400,100,000 
 
 78.04 

______________________ 

(1) 
 Based upon 1,794,157,245 common shares issued and outstanding on a fully diluted basis. 

(2) 
 Coral Investment Partners, LP. is an investment partnership. Mr. Nelson is President of the General Partner, and thus has control of the shares owned by the partnership. 

Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 governs the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. That rule provides that a beneficial owner of a security includes
any person who directly or indirectly has or shares voting power and/or investment power with respect to such security. Rule 13d-3 also
provides that a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of such security
within sixty days, including through the exercise of any option, warrant or conversion of a security. Any securities not outstanding which
are subject to such options, warrants or conversion privileges are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage
of outstanding securities of the class owned by such person. Those securities are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing
the percentage of the class owned by any other person. 

As of the date of this filing and since May 7 th ,
2021, there have been no issuances of any class of stock, or any other security . 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Coral Investments Partners, an entity managed
by our CEO purchased a controlling interest in the Company through the issuance of preferred stock and warrants for 4,000. Additionally,
Coral Investment Partners loaned the Company 20,000 during the period ended June 30, 2021 at an interest rate of 24 . As of June 30,
2021, a total of 2,346 had accrued in interest. On July 12, 2021, Coral Investment Partners increased this loan by an additional amount
of 10,000 to the Company, on August 4, 2021, Coral Investment Partners increased this loan by an additional amount of 15,000 to the
Company, and on November 2, 2021 Coral Investment Partners increased this loan by an additional amount of 20,000 to the Company. During
fiscal 2023 Coral Investment Partners increased its loan by 44,600. The stated interest rate of 24 applied to all additional increase
to the outstanding loan balance. In fiscal 2024 Coral Investment Partners advanced another 55,000 to the Company. 

As of June 30, 2024, the outstanding balance due
was 269,361 which included 174,660 in principal and 105,447 in accrued interest. As of June 30, 2024 the Company had not made any payments
towards the outstanding balance . 

On May 7, 2021, Coral Investment Partners purchased
200,000,000 Class A Warrants at a price of 0.000005/warrant for an aggregate price of 1,000; and 200,000,000 Class B Warrants at a price
of 0.000005/warrant for an aggregate price of 1,000. As a result of the 1 for 1,000 stock split effected on September 27, 2023, the
number of Class A warrants and Class B warrants was adjusted to 1,000,000 Class A and 1,000,000 Class B warrants, at exercise prices of
 2.00 and 5.00, respectively. 

On May 7, 2021, Coral Investment Partners purchased
200,000 Series A Preferred Shares at a price of 0.01/share, for an aggregate price of 2,000. 

As the Company s office space needs are
limited at the current time, Erik Nelson is currently providing space to the Company at no cost. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

For the years ended June 30, 2024 and June 30,
2023, the Company paid 44,000 and 38,500, respectively, in accounting fees. 

22 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (Delaware) 11.14.11 
 
 (1) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 9.4.14 
 
 (1) 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws of Ridgedale Holdings Corp. 
 
 (1) 

4.1 
 
 Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 (1) 

4.2 
 
 Class A Warrant Form 
 
 (1) 

4.3 
 
 Class B Warrant Form 
 
 (1) 

10.1 
 
 Promissory Note between Coral Capital and Ridgedale Holdings Corp. 
 
 (1) 

10.2 
 
 Amended Promissory Note between Coral Capital and Ridgedale Holdings Corp. 
 
 (2) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Under Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(1) Incorporated by reference from the exhibits included in the Company s
Registration Statement on Form 10 dated November 17, 2021. 

 (2) Incorporated by reference from the exhibits included in the Company s
Registration Statement on Form 10/A dated January 12, 2022. 

23 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

RIDGEDALE HOLDINGS INC. 

Dated: October 4, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Erik Nelson 

Erik Nelson 
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

24 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ridgedale_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Erik Nelson, certify that: 

1. 
 I have
 reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ridgedale Holdings Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an quarter report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: October 4, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Erik Nelson 

Erik Nelson 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ridgedale_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the
Annual Report of Ridgedale Holdings Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Erik Nelson, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated: October 4, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Erik Nelson 

Erik Nelson 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and 
 Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 rdgh-20240630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 rdgh-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 rdgh-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 rdgh-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

