<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241219_10-K_edgar_data_810136_0001140361-24-049881.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13791042</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>191362</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2124546</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5367893</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2852408</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2690611</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-24-049881.hdr.sgml : 20241219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241218213556
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-24-049881
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241218

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PHOTRONICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000810136
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				060854886
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39063
		FILM NUMBER:		241560812

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 SECOR ROAD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 5226
		CITY:			BROOKFIELD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06804
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2037759000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 SECOR ROAD
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 5226
		CITY:			BROOKFIELD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06804

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PHOTRONIC LABS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19900514

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-24-049881.txt : 20241219

10-K
 1
 ef20035608_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from ___ to ___

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices)(Zip Code)

) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Global Select Market

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting
 company. See definition of accelerated filer, large accelerated filer, smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Accelerated Filer

Non-Accelerated Filer

Smaller

 Reporting Company

Emerging

 Growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
 new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
 control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (( 15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to
 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of April 28, 2024, which was the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value
 of the shares of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately (based upon the closing price of
 28.28 per share as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market on that date).

As of December 12, 2024, 
 shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of our Proxy Statement for the
 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to
 be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

PHOTRONICS, INC.

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

OCTOBER 31, 2024

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 

3

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

4

PART I: 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

5 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

11

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

20 

ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 

20 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

22 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

22 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

22 

PART II: 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

23 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

24 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

25 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

36 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

37 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

72 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

72 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

74 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

74 

PART III: 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

74 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

74 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

75 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

75

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

75 

PART IV: 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

76

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

80 

2 

Table of Contents 

Glossary of Terms and Acronyms

Definitions of certain terms and acronyms that may appear in this report are provided below.

AMOLED

Active-matrix organic light-emitting diode. A technology used in mobile devices.

Application-specific IC

An integrated circuit customized for a particular use, rather than intended for general-purpose use

ASC

Accounting Standards Codification

ASP

Average Selling Price

ASU

Accounting Standards Update

CHIPS Act

U.S. CHIPS and Science Act of 2022

DNP

Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd.

EUV

A wafer lithography technology using the industry standard extreme ultraviolet (EUV) wavelength. EUV photomasks function by selectively reflecting or blocking light, in contrast to conventional photomasks which function by selectively
 transmitting or blocking light

Exchange Act

The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended)

FASB

Financial Accounting Standards Board

Form 10-K

Annual Report on Form 10-K

Form 10-Q

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q

FPDs

Flat-panel displays, or displays 

Generation

In reference to flat panel displays, refers to the size range of the underlying substrate to which a photomask is applied. Higher generation (or G numbers represent larger substrates

High-end (photomasks)

For IC, photomasks that are 28nm or smaller; for FPD, AMOLED, G10.5+, and LTPS photomasks

ICs

Integrated circuits, or semiconductors

LTPS

Low-Temperature Poly Silicon, a polycrystalline silicon synthesized at relatively low temperatures; polycrystalline silicon in thin-film transistors (TFTs) are used in liquid-crystal display (LCD) flat panels and to drive organic
 light-emitting diode (OLED) displays

Optical proximity correction

A photolithography enhancement technique applied to compensate for the limitations of light to maintain the edge placement integrity of an original design, imaged onto a silicon wafer, for further processing to an etched pattern.

PDMCX

Xiamen American Japan Photronics Mask Co., Ltd., a joint venture of Photronics and DNP

RMB

Chinese renminbi

ROU (assets)

Right-of-use asset

SEC

Securities and Exchange Commission

Securities Act

The Securities Act of 1933 (as amended)

SOC-1 report

Service Organization Control 1 report

U.S. GAAP

Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America

Wafer

A wafer, or silicon wafer, is a thin slice of semiconductor material that, in the fabrication of microelectronics, serves as the substrate for microelectronic devices built in and upon the wafer

All references to 2024 , 2023 , and 2022 are to our fiscal years ended on October 31 of those years, unless otherwise stated.

3 

Table of Contents 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, as defined by the SEC. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by us, or on our behalf. Forward-looking statements
 are statements other than statements of historical fact, including, without limitation, those statements that include such words as anticipates , believes , estimates , expects , intends , may , plans , predicts , and similar
 expressions, and, without limitation, may address our future plans, objectives, goals, strategies, events, or performance, as well as underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical facts. On occasion,
 in other documents filed with the SEC, press releases, conferences, or by other means, we may discuss, publish, disseminate, or otherwise make available, forward-looking statements, including statements contained within Part II, Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. 

Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed. Our expectations, beliefs and projections are expressed in good faith and are believed by us
 to have a reasonable basis, including, without limitation, management s examination of historical operating trends, information contained in our records, and information we ve obtained from other parties. However, we can offer no assurance that
 our expectations, beliefs, or projections will be realized, accomplished or achieved. 

Forward-looking statements within this Form 10-K speak only as of the date of its filing, and we undertake no obligation to update any such statements to reflect changes in events or circumstances that may subsequently occur. Users of this
 Form 10-K are cautioned that various factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements found within this Form 10-K and that they should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking
 statement. In addition, all forward-looking statements, whether written or oral and whether made by us or on our behalf, are expressly qualified by the risk factors provided in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. 

4 

Table of Contents 

PART I

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS

Specific industry and technical terms used in this section are defined in the subsection entitled Glossary of Terms and Acronyms, found below the Table of Contents.

Business Overview

Photronics, Inc. (and its subsidiaries, collectively referred to herein as Photronics , the Company , we , our , or us is one of the world s
 leading manufacturers of photomasks, which are high precision photographic quartz or glass plates containing microscopic images of electronic circuits. Photomasks are a key
 element in the manufacture of ICs and FPDs and are used as masters to transfer circuit patterns onto semiconductor wafers and FPD substrates during the fabrication of ICs, a variety of FPDs and, to a lesser extent, other types of electrical and
 optical components. We have eleven manufacturing facilities, which are located in Taiwan (3), China (2), Korea (1), the United States (3), and Europe (2).

Our principal executive offices are located at 15 Secor Road, Brookfield, Connecticut, 06804, telephone (203) 775-9000. Our website address is http://www.photronics.com. We make available, free of charge through our
 website, our Forms 10-K, Definitive Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A, Forms 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with or furnished
 to the SEC. The information found on, or incorporated into, our website is not part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and
 other information regarding SEC registrants, including Photronics.

Segment

We operate as a single reporting segment as a manufacturer of photomasks, which are high precision quartz or glass plates containing microscopic images of electronic circuits for use in the fabrication of IC s and
 FPDs. In accordance with ASC 280 Segment Reporting Topic of the ASC, the Company s chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer, who reviews operating results to make decisions about allocating resources
 and assessing performance for the entire Company. Existing guidance, which is based on a management approach to segment reporting, establishes requirements to report selected segment information quarterly and to report annually entity-wide
 disclosures about products and services, major customers, and the countries in which the entity holds material assets and reports revenue. All material operating units qualify for aggregation under Segment Reporting due to their similar
 customer base and similarities in: economic characteristics; nature of products and services; and procurement, manufacturing and distribution processes. Since the Company operates in one segment, all financial information required by Segment
 Reporting can be found in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

Industry

We manufacture photomasks, which are used as masters to transfer circuit patterns onto semiconductor wafers and FPD substrates. The photomasks we
 manufacture incorporate circuit designs provided to us on a confidential basis by our customers. Photomasks are typically sold in sets comprised of layers, with each layer having a distinct pattern that is etched onto a different photomask. The
 resulting series of photomasks is then used to image the circuit patterns onto each successive layer of a semiconductor wafer or FPD substrate. The typical manufacturing process for a photomask involves the receipt and conversion of circuit
 design data to manufacturing pattern data. A lithography system then exposes the circuit pattern onto a photomask blank. The exposed areas are developed and etched to imprint the pattern on the photomask. The photomask is then inspected for
 defects and conformity to the customer's design data. After the repair of any defects, the photomask is cleaned, any required pellicles (protective translucent membranes) are applied and, after final inspection, the photomask is shipped to the
 customer.

5 

Table of Contents 

High-end photomasks support 28 nanometer and smaller design nodes for ICs and Generation 10.5+, AMOLED, and LTPS display-based process technologies for FPDs. However, 32 nanometer and above geometries for
 semiconductors and Generation 8 and below (excluding AMOLED and LTPS) process technologies for displays, which we refer to as mainstream photomasks, constitute the majority of designs currently being fabricated in volume. At these geometries
 and at various high-end nodes, we can produce full lines of photomasks. Moreover, there is no significant technology employed by our competitors that is not available to us. We expect advanced-generation designs to continue to be developed, and
 we believe we are well positioned to service an increasing volume of this business as a result of our ongoing investments in manufacturing processes and technology in the regions where our customers are located.

Generally, Photronics and each of its customers engage in a qualification and correlation process before we become an approved supplier. Thereafter, based on the customer s specifications, we typically negotiate
 pricing parameters for the customer s order. Some prices may remain in effect for an extended period of time. In many instances, we enter into sales arrangements with an understanding that, as long as our performance is competitive, we will
 receive a specified percentage of that customer s photomask orders.

The first several layers of photomasks are sometimes required to be delivered to customers within twenty-four hours from the time we receive customer design data. Because of the short period
 between order and shipment dates (typically from one day to three weeks) for a significant amount of our revenue, the dollar amount of our current backlog is not a reliable indicator of future revenue. However, the demand for some IC photomasks
 can extend over the traditional time period; thus, for some products, our backlog can expand to as long as two to three months.

The ability to manufacture high-quality photomasks within short time periods is dependent upon robust processes, efficient manufacturing methods, high production yield, available manufacturing capacity, and high
 equipment reliability. We work to meet these requirements by making significant investments in research and development, manufacturing capacity, preventive and on-going equipment maintenance programs, manufacturing and data processing systems,
 and by utilizing statistical process control methods to optimize our manufacturing processes and reduce cycle times.

Quality control is an integral part of the photomask manufacturing process. Photomasks are manufactured in temperature, humidity, and particulate-controlled clean rooms because of the high level of precision, quality
 and manufacturing yield required. Each photomask is inspected several times during the manufacturing process to ensure compliance with customer specifications. We continue to make substantial investments in equipment to produce, inspect and
 repair photomasks to ensure that customer specifications are met.

Sales and Marketing

We conduct our sales and marketing activities primarily through a staff of full-time sales personnel and customer service representatives who work closely with the Company s management and technical personnel. We
 support non-U.S. customers through both our domestic and foreign facilities and consider our presence in non-U.S. markets to be an important factor in attracting new customers, as it provides global solutions to our customers, minimizes delivery
 time, and allows us to serve customers that utilize manufacturing foundries outside of the United States, principally in Asia. See Note 10 and Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report for the amount of
 revenue and long-lived assets attributable to each of our geographic areas of operations.

Research and Development

We primarily conduct research and development activities for IC photomasks at our Boise, Idaho, facility and, to a
 lesser degree, Photronics DNP Mask Corporation PDMC ), our joint-venture subsidiary in Taiwan. Research and development for FPD photomasks is primarily conducted at Photronics Korea, Ltd., our subsidiary in South Korea. Additionally, we
 conduct site-specific research and development programs to support local, strategic customer roadmaps. All of these research and development programs and activities are undertaken to advance our competitiveness in technology and manufacturing
 efficiency. We also conduct application-oriented research and development, including data and service technology to support the integration of photomasks into customer processes. Currently, research and development for IC photomasks are
 primarily focused on photomasks enabling wafer geometries of 14 nanometer node and smaller, including EUV and, for FPDs, on Generations 8 and 10 substrate size photomasks for new TV technologies, emerging opportunities for micro- and mini-LED
 displays, and photomask technology needed for the complex FPD photomasks required in the manufacture of advanced mobile displays, such as AMOLED. We believe these core
 competencies will continue to be a critical part of semiconductor and FPD manufacturing, as wafer and FPD substrate optical lithography continues to enable new high-end ICs and displays. We incurred research and development expenses of 16.6
 million, 13.7 million, and 18.3 million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. It is our belief that we own, control, or license the proprietary information (including trade secrets and patents) that we need to continue to meet our customers 
 requirements. Accordingly, we devote a significant portion of our human and financial resources to R D programs and seek to maintain close relationships with customers to remain responsive to their needs. We also believe that our
 intellectual property and trade secret know-how will continue to be important to maintaining our technical leadership and competitive position in the field of photomasks.

6 

Table of Contents 

Markets

The customers for photomasks are primarily semiconductor and FPD manufacturers and to a lesser degree fabless design and equipment companies serving those industries. The size of the photomask market is driven by
 the number of designs released to support IC and FPD product introductions and manufacturing expansions. The photomasks required for those designs are manufactured by independent merchant manufacturers like Photronics and by semiconductor and
 FPD manufacturers that produce photomasks for their own use (captive manufacturers). In rare instances, captive manufacturers also sell to other semiconductor or FPD manufacturers.

The production value of photomasks produced by merchant suppliers has transitioned from a period when there was a trend toward the divesture or closing of captive photomask operations by semiconductor manufacturers, and to an increase in the share of the market served by independent merchant manufacturers , like Photronics . This trend was
 driven by the increased complexity and cost of capital equipment used in manufacturing photomasks , and the lack of economy of scale for many semiconductor and FPD
 manufacturers to effectively utilize the equipment.

That period was followed by a period during which, in order to reach certain roadmap milestones, some captive mask facilities invested at faster
 rates than independent manufacturers, and the revenue share of market transitioned back to photomasks being majority captive-supplied. More recently, there has been a tendency of more production being directed to the independent merchant
 manufacturers, with market share moving toward the independents. Nevertheless, most captive manufacturers maintain business and technology relationships with independent photomask manufacturers for ongoing support.

We support customers across the full spectrum of IC and FPD production by
 manufacturing photomasks using electron beam or optical (laser-based) lithography systems. For IC photomasks, the predominant writing technology used for advanced photomasks with fine-scale resolution requirements is electron beam writing
 systems, while FPD mask fabrication utilizes optical writing systems. These systems are capable of producing the most advanced semiconductor and display photomasks for use in an array of products. End markets served with IC photomasks include
 devices used for artificial intelligence, cloud computing, microprocessors, memory, telecommunications, internet

connected devices, automotive, industrial and other applications. We own a number of both high-end and mature electron beam and laser-based lithography systems.

We sell our products primarily to leading semiconductor and FPD designers and manufacturers. These include integrated device manufacturers, fabless semiconductor companies, and pure-play foundries. During 2024, we
 sold our products to approximately 675 customers. Revenue from United Microelectronics Corp. Co., Ltd. accounted for approximately 15 , 14 and 15 of our total revenues in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and revenue from Samsung Electronics
 Co., Ltd. accounted for approximately 12 , 10 and 11 of our total revenues in those respective years. In addition, revenue from Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation accounted for approximately 9 , 13 and 5 of our total
 revenues in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Our five largest customers, in the aggregate, accounted for approximately 50 , 51 and 45 of our revenue in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. A significant decrease in the amount of revenue from
 any of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and business prospects.

Competition

The photomask industry is highly competitive, and most of our customers utilize multiple photomask suppliers. Our ability to compete depends primarily upon the consistency of our product quality, timeliness of
 delivery, competitive pricing, technical capability, and service, which we believe are the principal factors considered by customers in selecting their photomask suppliers. An inability to meet these requirements could adversely affect our
 financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We also believe that geographic proximity to customers is an important factor in certain markets where cycle time from order to delivery is critical. While some of our competitors may
 have greater financial, sales, marketing, or other resources than Photronics, we believe that we are able to compete effectively because of our dedication to customer service, ongoing investments in state-of-the-art photomask equipment and
 facilities, and experienced technical employees.

7 

Table of Contents 

Using market data from research firm Tech Insights, the total market for IC photomasks is approximately 7.8B USD (2023) and, based on internal
 estimates, the total market for FPD masks is approximately 930M USD (2023). Our competitors include Compugraphics International, Ltd., Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd
 (outside of Taiwan and China), Hoya Corporation, LG Innotek Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Newway Photomask Making Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Qingyi Photomask, Ltd., SK-Electronics Co., Ltd., Taiwan Mask Corporation, and Toppan Electronics Products Co., Ltd.
 We also compete with semiconductor and FPD manufacturers' captive photomask manufacturing operations that supply photomasks for internal use and, in some instances, also for external customers and foundries. We expect to face continued
 competition which, in the past, has led to pressure to reduce prices. We believe the pressure to reduce prices, together with the significant investment required in capital equipment to manufacture high-end photomasks will continue in the
 future.

International Operations

Revenues from our non-U.S. operations were approximately 83 , 86 and 85 of our total revenues in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We believe that our ability to serve
 non-U.S. markets is enhanced by our having, among other things, a local presence in the markets we serve. This requires significant investments in financial, managerial, operational, and other resources.

Sales and operations outside of the United States are subject to inherent risks, and may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the imposition of government controls, political and economic
 conditions in various countries, legal compliance and regulatory requirements, tariffs and other trade barriers, difficulties with staffing and managing international operations, longer accounts receivable collection cycles, potential
 restrictions on transfers of funds, and potentially adverse tax consequences. These factors may have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue outside of the United States and may require us to deploy resources where they could
 otherwise be used to their greatest advantage. Notes 10 Revenue and Note 18 Risks and Concentrations of our consolidated financial statements, in Part II,
 Item 8 of this report, respectively, present our revenue and long-lived assets by geographic area. These factors, as well as any of the other risk factors related to our international business and operations that are described in Item 1A Risk
 Factors, could have a material adverse effect on our future business and financial results.

Resources

Raw materials used by Photronics generally include: high precision quartz substrates 
 (including large area substrates for FPD ), which are used as photomask starting blanks and are
 primarily obtained from Japanese and Korean suppliers; pellicles and electronic grade chemicals, which are used in the manufacturing process; and compacts, which are durable plastic containers in which photomasks are shipped. These materials
 are generally sourced from several suppliers. We believe that our utilization of a select group of strategic suppliers enables us to access the most technologically advanced materials available. On an ongoing basis, we continue to consider
 additional supply sources.

We typically enter into annual pricing agreements with our suppliers, some of which include volume-based incentives that have resulted in substantial cost savings; these agreements do not require us to purchase
 minimum dollar amounts or quantities of their subject materials.

We rely on a limited number of equipment suppliers to develop and provide the equipment used in the photomask manufacturing process. Although, historically, we have been able to obtain equipment on a timely basis, an
 inability to obtain or repair equipment when required could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

Intellectual Property Rights

We have developed and hold ownership interests in intellectual property IP rights, in the forms of patents issued in the U.S., and other trademark and trademark registrations in the U.S. and other countries.
 Patents in which we hold ownership interests generally relate to the manufacture of photomasks or the use of photomasks to manufacture other products. While we believe that our IP rights are, and will continue to be, important to our technical
 leadership in the field of photomasks, our operations are not dependent on any one individual IP right. In addition to patenting, when practicable, we further protect our IP rights, and our other proprietary processes and trade secrets, by
 utilizing non-disclosure agreements with employees, customers, and vendors.

8 

Table of Contents 

Seasonality

Our business is typically impacted during the first quarter of our fiscal year by the North American, European, and Asian holiday periods, as some customers reduce their development and buying activities during those
 periods.

Government Contracts

We are party to a limited number of fixed-price contracts with the U.S. government. Revenues earned from these contracts do not comprise a significant portion of our total revenue.

Government Regulation

We are subject to government regulations within the U.S. and in other countries in which we produce or market our products. The effects of compliance with these regulations are currently not material to our results
 of operations, capital expenditures, or competitive position. However, compliance with changes to existing or new regulations may have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations, capital expenditures, or competitive position.
 We discuss the potential impact of our not adhering to a number of these regulations in Item 1A. Risk Factors , of this Form 10-K. The following is a list of major subjects of the regulations that pertain to our business:

Regulations, such as those under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act that prohibit providing remuneration to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or securing business in the jurisdictions in which they serve;

Regulations that require the minimization and proper disposal of the by-products of our manufacturing processes;

Regulations that require us to provide a safe working environment for our employees;

Regulations that restrict our ability to transfer assets between operations not within the same legal jurisdiction;

Regulations that require us to provide information through the submission of government surveys;

Regulations that require us to maintain an effective system of internal accounting controls;

Regulations that prohibit us from engaging in business in specified countries, or with specified customers;

Regulations that require us to protect the personal information of our customers and employees;

Regulations that require us to accurately determine our liabilities to taxing authorities, and to settle such liabilities within their statutorily prescribed time periods;

Regulations that require us to withhold and timely remit taxes on our employees compensation to government authorities;

Regulations that require us to contribute to government-sponsored social insurance plans;

Regulations that require us to contribute to employee severance plans;

9 

Table of Contents 

Regulations that prohibit us from disseminating material nonpublic information prior to the public announcement of such information;

Regulations pertaining to financial reporting, insider transactions, executive compensation, and other areas overseen by the SEC and governing bodies in other countries in which our operations are located.

Human Capital

As of October 31, 2024, we had approximately 1,878 full-time and part-time employees worldwide. Our business results depend in part on our ability to successfully manage our human capital resources, including
 attracting, identifying, and retaining key talent. Factors that may affect our ability to attract and retain qualified employees include employee morale, our reputation, competition from other employers, and availability of qualified individuals.
 As of October 31, 2024, none of our employees at any of our worldwide facilities was represented by a union. We consider our employee relations to be good. We believe our commitment to our diverse human capital resources is an important component
 of our mission to deliver superior photomasks and customer care. We provide all employees with the opportunity to share their opinions in open dialogues with our human resources department and senior management. We provide all employees a wide
 range of career development opportunities, both formal and informal. Our formal offerings include tuition reimbursement, leadership development experiences and vocational training. The safety of our employees is a paramount value for us.

We provide mandatory safety trainings in our production facilities, which are designed to focus on empowering our employees with the knowledge and tools they need to make safe choices and to minimize risks.
 Supervisors complete safety management courses as well. The health and wellness of our employees are critical to our success.

We provide our employees with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient health and wellness programs. Such programs are designed to support employees physical and mental health by providing tools
 and resources to help them improve or maintain their health status and encourage engagement in healthy behaviors. Additionally, we provide robust compensation and benefits. In addition to salaries, these programs, which vary by country/region,
 can include annual bonuses, stock-based compensation awards, a 401(k) plan with employee matching opportunities, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, family care resources,
 employee assistance programs, and tuition assistance.

10 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS

Set forth below are discussions of the risk factors we believe can make an investment in our business speculative or risky.

Concentration Related Risk Factors 

Our dependency on the microelectronics industry, which as a whole is volatile, could create volatility in our demand and have a negative material impact on our business.

We sell substantially all of our photomasks to semiconductor or FPD designers, manufacturers and foundries, or to other high-performance electronics manufacturers. We believe that the demand for photomasks depends
 primarily on design activity rather than sales volume from products using photomask technologies. Consequently, an increase in semiconductor or FPD sales does not necessarily result in a corresponding increase in photomask sales. In addition, the
 reduced use of application-specific ICs, reductions in design complexities, other changes in the technology or methods of manufacturing or designing semiconductors or FPDs, or a slowdown in the introduction of new semiconductor or FPD designs
 could reduce demand for photomasks even if the demand for semiconductors and FPDs increases. Historically, the microelectronics industry has been volatile, with sharp periodic downturns and slowdowns. These negative trends have been
 characterized by, among other things, diminished product demand, excess production capacity, and accelerated erosion of selling prices with a concomitant effect on revenue and profitability.

We depend on a limited number of suppliers for equipment and raw materials and, if those suppliers fail to timely deliver their products to us, we may be unable to fulfill orders from our customers, which could
 adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We rely on a limited number of photomask equipment manufacturers to develop, supply, and repair the equipment we use. These equipment manufacturers usually require lead times of twelve months or longer between the
 order date and the delivery of certain photomask imaging and inspection equipment. The failure of our suppliers to develop, deliver or service such equipment on a timely basis due to internal issues, supply chain constraints or government-imposed
 restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, the manufacturing equipment necessary to produce advanced photomasks could become prohibitively expensive, which could similarly affect us.

We use high-precision quartz photomask blanks, pellicles, and electronic grade chemicals in our manufacturing processes. There are a limited number of suppliers of these raw materials, and we do not have long-term
 contracts with these suppliers. Any delays or quality problems in connection with significant raw materials, particularly photomask blanks, could cause delays in the shipments of photomasks, which could have a material adverse effect on our
 business and results of operations. The fluctuation of foreign currency exchange rates, with respect to prices of equipment and raw materials used in manufacturing, could also have a material adverse effect on our business and results of
 operations.

We have been dependent on sales to a limited number of large customers; the loss of any of these customers or a significant reduction in orders from these customers could have a material adverse effect on our
 revenues and results of operations.

Historically, we have sold a significant proportion of photomasks to a limited number of IC and FPD manufacturers. During 2024, 2023 and 2022, our two largest customers accounted for an aggregate of 27 , 27 and 25 ,
 respectively, of our revenue. Our five largest customers accounted for an aggregate of 50 , 51 and 45 of our revenue in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The loss of a significant customer, a significant reduction or delay in orders from any
 significant customer (including reductions or delays due to customer departures from recent buying patterns), or an unfavorable change in competitive conditions in the semiconductor or FPD industries could have a material adverse effect on our
 financial performance and business prospects. The consolidation of semiconductor manufacturers, or an economic downturn in the semiconductor industry, may increase the likelihood of losing a significant customer and could also have an adverse
 effect on our financial performance and business prospects.

11 

Table of Contents 

Financing Related Risk Factors 

Our cash flows from operations and current holdings of cash may not be adequate for our current and long-term needs.

Our liquidity, as we operate in a high fixed-cost environment, is highly dependent on our revenue volume and the timing of our capital expenditures, which can vary significantly from period to period. Depending on
 conditions in the semiconductor and FPD markets, our cash flows from operations and current holdings of cash may not be adequate to meet our current and long-term needs for capital expenditures, operations, and debt repayments. Historically, in
 certain years, we have used external financing to fund these needs. Due to conditions in the credit market, some financing instruments used by us in the past may not be available. Therefore, we cannot provide assurance that additional sources of
 financing would be available to us on commercially favorable terms, if at all, should our cash requirements exceed our existing cash, and operating cash flows.

Our operations will continue to require substantial capital expenditures, for which we may be unable to provide or obtain funding.

The manufacture of leading-edge photomasks requires us to make substantial investments in additional manufacturing capability. We expect that we will be required to continue to make substantial capital expenditures
 to meet customer requirements and to position us for future growth. Our capital expenditure payments for fiscal 2025 are expected to be approximately 200 million, of which approximately 6.7 million was included in Accounts payable and Accrued liabilities on our October 31, 2024 consolidated balance sheet. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to obtain the additional capital required to
 fund our operations or capital expenditures on reasonable terms, if at all, or that any such inability will not have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

Industry and Competitive Related Risk Factors 

Our business depends on managerial and technical personnel, who are in great demand, and our inability to attract and retain qualified employees could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Our success depends, in part, upon key managerial and technical personnel, as well as our ability to continue to attract and retain additional qualified personnel. The loss of certain key personnel (for example, our
 chief executive officer, chief financial officer, and chief technology officer) could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We cannot offer assurance that we can retain our key managerial and technical
 employees, or that we can attract similar additional employees in the future.

The photomask industry is dependent on the semiconductor and display industries, which are subject to rapid technological change and fluctuations in capacity needs. Consequently, we might fail to adequately time our
 capabilities to market needs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

The photomask industry has been, and we expect it to continue to be, characterized by technological change and evolving industry requirements, which recent
 supply chain regionalization efforts have accelerated. In order to remain competitive, we will be required to continually anticipate, respond to, and scale technologies of increasing complexity in both the traditional and emerging markets that we serve. In particular, we believe that, as semiconductor geometries continue to become smaller and FPDs become larger or otherwise more advanced, we will be
 required to manufacture photomasks of increasingly challenging complexity. Moreover, the demand for photomasks in non-leading-edge nodes may increase beyond our ability to meet our customers requirements within adequate response times.
 Additionally, the demand for photomasks has been, and could in the future be, adversely affected by changes in semiconductor and high-performance electronics fabrication methods that affect the type or quantity of photomasks utilized, such as
 changes in semiconductor demand that favor field-programmable gate arrays and other semiconductor designs that replace application-specific ICs, or the use of certain chip-stacking methodologies that lessen the emphasis on conventional
 lithography technology. Furthermore, evidence of the viability and the corresponding market acceptance of alternative methods of transferring IC designs onto semiconductor wafers could reduce or eliminate the need for photomasks in the
 production of semiconductors. As of the end of 2024, one alternative method, direct-write lithography, has not been proven to be a commercially viable alternative to photomasks, as it is considered to be too slow for high-volume semiconductor
 wafer production. However, should direct-write or any other alternative method of transferring IC or FPD designs without the use of photomasks achieve market acceptance, and if we are unable to anticipate, respond to, or utilize these or other
 technological changes, due to resource, technological, or other constraints, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

12 

Table of Contents 

The risk of loss of our intellectual property, trade secrets, or other sensitive business or customer confidential information or disruption of operations due to cyberattacks or data breaches
 could negatively impact our financial results.

Cyberattacks or data breaches could compromise confidential, business-critical information, cause disruptions in our operations, expose us to potential litigation, or harm our reputation. We have important assets,
 including intellectual property, trade secrets, and other sensitive, business-critical and/or confidential information which may be vulnerable to such incidents. While we have a comprehensive cybersecurity program that is continually reviewed,
 maintained, and upgraded, we cannot assure that we are invulnerable to cyberattacks and data breaches which, if significant, could negatively impact our business and financial results.

We may be unable to enforce or defend our ownership and use of proprietary technology, and the utilization of unprotected Company developed technology by our competitors could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial position.

We believe that the success of our business depends more on proprietary technology, information and processes, and know-how than on our patents or trademarks. Much of our proprietary information and technology
 related to manufacturing processes is not patented and may not be patentable. We cannot offer assurance that:

we will be able to adequately protect our technology;

competitors will not independently develop similar technology;

international intellectual property laws will adequately protect our intellectual property rights.

We may become the subject of infringement claims or legal proceedings by third parties with respect to current or future products or processes. Any such claims, with or without merit, or litigation to enforce or
 protect our intellectual property rights that require us to defend against claimed infringements of the rights of others, could result in substantial costs, diversion of resources, and product shipment delays or could force us to enter into
 royalty or license agreements, rather than dispute the merits of these claims. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial position.

We operate in a highly competitive environment, and, should we be unable to meet our customers requirements for product quality, timeliness of delivery or technical capabilities, our revenue could be adversely
 affected.

The photomask industry is highly competitive, and most of our customers utilize more than one photomask supplier. Our competitors include Compugraphics International, Ltd., Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd (outside of
 Taiwan and China), Hoya Corporation, LG Innotek Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Newway Photomask Making Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Qingyi Photomask, Ltd., SK-Electronics Co. Ltd., Taiwan Mask Corporation, and Toppan Electronics Products Co., Ltd. We also compete
 with semiconductor and FPD manufacturers captive photomask manufacturing operations, some of which market their photomask manufacturing services to outside customers. We expect to face continued competition from these and other suppliers in the
 future. Some of our competitors have substantially greater financial, sales, marketing, or other resources than we do. Also, when producing smaller geometry photomasks, some of our competitors may be able to more rapidly develop and produce such
 masks and achieve higher manufacturing yields than we can. We believe that consistency of product quality, timeliness of delivery, competitive pricing, technical capability and service are the principal factors considered by customers when
 selecting their photomask suppliers. Our inability to meet these competitive requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In the past, competition has led to pressure to reduce prices and the need
 to invest in advanced manufacturing technology, which we believe contributed to the decrease in the number of independent photomask suppliers, several years ago. These pressures may worsen in the future, causing further consolidation.

13 

Table of Contents 

Investment Related Risk Factors 

Joint ventures may not operate according to their business plans if our partners fail to fulfill their obligations, which may adversely affect our results of operations and compel us to dedicate additional resources
 to these joint ventures.

The nature of a joint venture requires us to share control in certain areas with unaffiliated third parties and it is always possible that the alignment that brought us and our joint venture partner together may
 change over time, whether due to change in business strategy, change in control, change in market conditions or applicable laws, or other events. Differing views among joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions or failures to
 agree on major issues. If our joint venture partner does not fulfill its obligations or that alignment changes, the affected joint venture may not be able to operate in accordance with its business plan or the parties may seek to exit the joint
 venture under the terms of the joint venture agreement or otherwise. Under such a scenario, among other possible consequences, our results of operations may be adversely affected, we may be compelled to increase the level of our resources devoted
 to the joint venture or our company-wide business plan may need to be adjusted. If such differences caused a joint venture to deviate from its business plan, or put, change of control or other exit or termination provisions are triggered, our
 results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Our operations in China expose us to substantial risks.

In 2019, we commenced operations at our two manufacturing facilities in China. These investments are subject to substantial risks which may include, but are not
 limited to: the inability to protect our intellectual property rights under Chinese law, which may not offer as high a level of protection as U.S. law; unexpectedly long negotiation periods with Chinese suppliers and customers; quality issues
 related to materials sourced from local vendors; limited access to electricity; unexpectedly high labor costs due to a tight labor supply; and difficulty in repatriating funds and selling or transferring assets. Our investments in China also
 exposed us to a significant additional foreign currency exchange risk, which we had not been subject to in prior years. In addition, as tensions have, from time to time, escalated between the U.S. and China, we believe there is an enhanced risk
 that our substantial investments in China may be subject to unforeseen or additional restrictions, which may include expropriation of our investments by the Chinese government or restrictions imposed on our operations by the U.S. or other countries. These and other risks may result in our not realizing a return on, or losing some, or
 all, of our investments in China, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and financial performance.

We may incur unforeseen charges related to possible future facility closures, restructurings, or forfeitures.

We cannot provide assurance that there will not be facility closures, restructurings, or forfeitures in the near or long term, nor can we assure that we will not incur significant charges should there be any future
 facility closures, restructurings, or forfeitures.

We may not be able to consummate future acquisitions or joint ventures or integrate acquisitions into our business, which could result in unanticipated expenses and losses.

As part of our business growth strategy, we have acquired businesses and entered into joint ventures in the past, and we may pursue acquisitions and joint venture opportunities in the future. Our future efforts to
 grow the Company may include expanding into new or related markets or industries. Our ability to implement this component of our growth strategy may be limited by both our ability to identify appropriate acquisition or joint venture candidates
 and our financial resources, including our available cash and borrowing capacity. The expense incurred in consummating acquisitions or entering into joint ventures, the time it takes to integrate an acquisition, or our failure to integrate
 businesses successfully, could result in unanticipated expenses and losses. Furthermore, we may not be able to realize any of the anticipated benefits from acquisitions or joint ventures.

14 

Table of Contents 

The process of integrating acquired operations into our existing operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties, and may require significant financial resources that would otherwise be available for the
 ongoing development or expansion of existing operations. Some of the risks associated with the integration of acquisitions include: potential disruption of our ongoing business; distraction of management; unforeseen claims and liabilities,
 including unexpected environmental exposures; unforeseen adjustments, taxes, charges and write-offs; problems enforcing the indemnification obligations of sellers of businesses or joint venture partners for claims and liabilities; unexpected
 losses of customers of, or suppliers to, the acquired business; difficulty in conforming the acquired business standards, processes, procedures and controls with our operations; variability in financial performance arising from the
 implementation of acquisition accounting; inability to coordinate new product and process development; loss of senior managers and other critical personnel; problems with new labor unions; and challenges arising from the increased scope,
 geographic diversity, and complexity of our operations.

Operations Related Risk Factors 

Our quarterly operating results fluctuate significantly and may continue to do so in the future.

We have experienced fluctuations in our quarterly operating results, and we anticipate that such fluctuations will continue and could intensify in the future. Fluctuations in operating results may result in
 volatility in the prices of our common stock and financial instruments that could be linked to its value. Operating results may fluctuate as a result of many factors, including the size and timing of orders and shipments, the loss of significant
 customers, changes in product mix, the flow of customer design releases, technological change, fluctuations in manufacturing yields, the actions of our competitors, and general economic conditions. We operate in a high fixed-cost environment and,
 should our revenues and asset utilization decrease, our operating margins could be negatively impacted.

Our customers generally order photomasks on an as-needed basis; thus, our revenue in any quarter is dependent primarily on orders received during that quarter. Since we operate with little backlog, and the rate of
 new orders may vary significantly from quarter to quarter, our capital expenditures and consequential expense levels are, to some extent, based primarily on sales forecasts and technological advancements in photomask manufacturing equipment.
 Consequently, if anticipated revenues in any quarter do not occur when expected, our capital investments could result in underutilized capacity and disproportionately high expense levels, causing operating results to be adversely affected. Due to
 the foregoing factors, we believe that quarter to quarter comparisons of our operating results cannot be relied upon as indicators of future performance. In addition, in future quarters, our operating results could be below guidance we may
 provide or the expectations of public market analysts and investors, which could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.

Our substantial non-U.S. operations are subject to additional risks.

Revenues from our non-U.S. operations were approximately 83 , 86 and 85 of our total revenues in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We
 believe that maintaining significant international operations requires us to have, among other things, a local presence in the geographic markets that we supply. This requires significant investments in financial, managerial, operational, and
 other resources. Since 1996, we have significantly expanded our operations in international markets by acquiring existing businesses in Europe and Asia, and building manufacturing facilities in Taiwan and China. In order to enable us to optimize
 our investments and other resources, we closely monitor the semiconductor and FPD manufacturing markets for indications of geographic movement and, in conjunction with these efforts, continue to assess the locations of our manufacturing
 facilities. These assessments could result in the opening of additional facilities or closing of our current facilities.

Operations outside of the United States are subject to inherent risks, including: fluctuations in currency exchange rates; unstable political and economic conditions in various countries; changes in economic
 alliances; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements including import and export regulations; compliance with a variety of burdensome foreign laws and regulations; compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws (such as the Foreign
 Corrupt Practices Act); tariffs and other trade barriers; difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; and longer accounts receivable collection cycles. In addition: foreign countries may enact other restrictions on foreign
 trade or investment, including: currency exchange controls; trade sanctions which result in our losing access to customers and suppliers; legislation which renders agreements to be difficult to enforce; impositions on the movement of funds or
 other assets; or we may be subject to adverse tax consequences. These factors may have a material adverse effect on our costs or our ability to generate revenues outside of the United States and, consequently, on our business and results of
 operations.

15 

Table of Contents 

We could be subject to damages based on claims brought against us by our customers, or lose customers as a result of the failure of our products to meet certain quality specifications.

Our products provide important performance attributes for our customers products. If a product fails to perform in a manner consistent with quality specifications, or has a shorter useful life than warrantied, a
 customer could seek replacement of the product or damages for costs incurred as a result of the product failing to perform, particularly if such products are sold under agreements that contain limited performance and life cycle warranties. Our
 customers often require us to guarantee that our products conform to certain product specifications that they provide. Any failure to comply with such specifications could result in claims or legal action. A successful claim, or series of claims,
 against us could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and could result in a loss of one or more customers.

We face risks associated with the use of sophisticated equipment and complex manufacturing processes and technologies. Our inability to effectively utilize such equipment and

technologies and perform such processes could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our complex manufacturing processes require the use of expensive and technologically sophisticated equipment and materials, and are continually modified in an effort to improve manufacturing yields and product
 quality. Minute impurities, defects, or other difficulties in the manufacturing process can lower manufacturing yields and render products unmarketable. Moreover, the manufacture of leading-edge photomasks is more complex and time consuming than
 manufacturing less advanced photomasks, and their fabrication may result in delays in the manufacture of all levels of photomasks. We have, on occasion, experienced manufacturing difficulties and capacity limitations that have delayed our ability
 to deliver products within the time frames contracted for by our customers. We cannot provide assurance that we will not experience these or other manufacturing difficulties, or be subject to increased costs, which could result in a loss of
 customers or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

We have a high level of fixed costs.

Because of the capital-intensive nature of the photomask manufacturing business, we have a high level of fixed costs and a high degree of operating leverage. Accordingly, should our sales volumes decline as a result
 of a decrease in design releases from our customers or for any other reason, we may have excess or underutilized production capacity which could significantly impact our operating margins or result in write-offs from asset impairments.

Regulatory Related Risk Factors 

Additional taxes could adversely affect our financial results.

Our tax filings are subject to audits by tax authorities in the various jurisdictions in which we do business. These audits may result in assessments of additional taxes that are subsequently resolved with the taxing
 authorities or through the courts. Currently, we believe there are no outstanding assessments whose resolution would result in a material adverse financial result. However, we cannot offer assurances that unasserted or potential future
 assessments would not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

Our products and technology could be subject to U.S. export control laws and /or 
 the export control laws of the foreign jurisdictions where we operate.

We are subject to various laws relating to the export of products we manufacture, and the technology related thereto, and our failure to comply with these laws could subject us to substantial fines, penalties, and
 even injunctions, the imposition of which could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business.

Certain of our products are or could be subject to the Export Administration Regulations EAR if they are manufactured in the U.S., or based on U.S. technology, or contain more than a de minimis amount of
 controlled U.S. content. The EAR could prohibit the export of certain products out of the US or could prohibit our foreign sites from manufacturing or delivering photomasks to certain restricted entities. Additionally, the Company has a large,
 global business with sales outside the U.S. representing a majority of the Company s total net sales, and the Company believes that it generally benefits from growth in international trade. However, trade policies and disputes and other
 international conflicts can result in tariffs, sanctions and other measures that restrict international trade, and can materially adversely affect the Company s business, particularly if these measures occur in regions where the Company derives a
 significant portion of its revenues.

16 

Table of Contents 

Based on the complex relationships between the United States and certain foreign countries including, but not limited to China, there is inherent risk that political, diplomatic and national security influences might
 lead to trade disputes, impacts and/or disruptions to our operations or our ability to sell our photomasks. The United States and other countries have imposed and may continue to impose trade restrictions and have also levied tariffs and taxes on
 certain goods and imposed export restrictions. Increases in tariffs, additional taxes or other trade restrictions and retaliatory measures may increasingly impact customer demand and customer investment in manufacturing equipment, increase our
 manufacturing costs, decrease margins, reduce the competitiveness of our products, or inhibit our ability to sell, export products or purchase necessary equipment and supplies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
 of operations, or financial condition.

We may be unprepared for changes to environmental laws and regulations and may incur liabilities arising from environmental matters.

We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations that impose various environmental controls on, among other things, the discharge of pollutants into the air and water and the handling, use, storage,
 disposal, and cleanup of solid and hazardous wastes. Changes in these laws and regulations may have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations, and inadequate compliance with their requirements could give rise
 to significant liabilities.

If we violate environmental, health or safety laws or regulations, in addition to being required to correct such violations, we can be held liable in administrative, civil, or criminal proceedings, and substantial
 fines and other sanctions could be imposed that could disrupt or limit our operations. Liabilities associated with the investigation and cleanup of hazardous substances, as well as personal injury, property damages or natural resource damages
 arising from the release of, or exposure to, such hazardous substances, may be imposed in many situations without regard to violations of laws or regulations or other fault, and may also be imposed jointly and severally (so that a responsible
 party may be held liable for more than its share of the losses involved, or even the entire loss). Such liabilities may also be imposed on many different entities with a relationship to the hazardous substances at issue, including, for example,
 entities that formerly owned or operated the property affected by the hazardous substances and entities that arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substances at the affected property, as well as entities that currently own or operate such
 property. The nature of our business, including historical operations at our current and former facilities, exposes us to risks of liability under these laws and regulations due to the production, storage, use, transportation and sale of
 materials that can cause contamination or personal injury if released into the environment. Additional information may arise in the future concerning the nature or extent of our liability with respect to identified sites and additional sites that
 may be identified, for which we are alleged to be liable.

General Risk Factors 

We could be negatively impacted by Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG), climate change and other sustainability-related matters .

In recent years, there has been an increased focus from stakeholders on environmental, social, and governance matters, including greenhouse gas emissions and climate-related risks, sustainability, renewable energy,
 water stewardship, waste management, diversity, equality and inclusion, responsible sourcing and supply chain, human rights, and social responsibility. Evolving stakeholder expectations and our efforts to manage these issues, report on them,
 and accomplish our goals present numerous operational, regulatory, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks, any of which could have a material adverse impact, including on our reputation and stock price, reputational harm, including
 damage to our relationships with customers, suppliers, investors, governments, or other stakeholders, adverse impacts on our ability to manufacture and sell products and maintain our market share, the success of our collaborations with third
 parties, increased risk of litigation, investigations, or regulatory enforcement action, unfavorable environmental, social, and governance ratings or investor sentiment, diversion of resources and increased costs to control, assess, and report
 on environmental, social, and governance metrics.

17 

Table of Contents 

Ineffective internal controls could impact our business and operating results.

Our internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of their inherent limitations in detecting human errors, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud; even
 effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we: fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement
 required new or improved controls; otherwise fail to prevent financial reporting misstatements; or experience difficulties in implementing internal controls, our business and operating results could be adversely impacted, and we could fail to
 meet our financial reporting obligations.

Our business could be adversely impacted by global or regional catastrophic events.

Our business could be materially adversely affected by terrorist acts, widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases , government responses emplaced to limit the impact of infectious diseases (such as shelter-in-place directives), or the outbreak or escalation of wars including, but not limited to, the invasion of Ukraine by the Russian
 Federation. Such events in the geographic regions in which we do business, including escalations of political tensions and military conflicts in the U.S., Europe, the Republic of South Korea, the People s Republic of China, or the Republic of
 China (Taiwan), and any governmental sanctions enacted in reaction thereto, could result in a global energy crisis, economic inflation, supply-chain disruptions, or the confiscation or destruction of our facilities; all and any of these
 outcomes could have material, adverse impacts on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

Our production facilities could be damaged or disrupted by natural or manmade disasters or labor strikes, either of which could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

A major catastrophe, such as an earthquake, flood, fire, or other disaster, labor strike, or work stoppage at any of our manufacturing facilities, or a manufacturing facility of our suppliers or customers, could
 result in a prolonged interruption of our business. A disruption resulting from any one of these events could cause significant delays in shipments of our products and the loss of revenue and customers, which could have a material adverse effect
 on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Our facilities in Taiwan are located in a seismically-active area.

Our sales can be impacted by the health and stability of the general economy, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.

Unfavorable general economic conditions in the U.S. or other countries in which we or our customers conduct business may have the effect of reducing the demand for photomasks. Economic downturns may lead to a
 decrease in demand for end products whose manufacturing processes involve the use of photomasks, which may result in a reduction in new product design and development by semiconductor or FPD manufacturers and adversely affect our results of
 operations and cash flows.

Technology failures or cyber security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our operations.

We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, store, and protect electronic information. For example, a significant portion of the communications between our personnel, customers, and suppliers
 depends on information technology. Our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events beyond our control, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, telecommunications
 failures, computer viruses, hackers, and other security issues. Although we have technology and information security processes and disaster recovery plans in place to mitigate our risks to these vulnerabilities, these measures may not be adequate
 to ensure that our operations will not be disrupted, should such an event occur.

The General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which went into effect in the European Union (EU) on May 25, 2018, applies to the collection, use, retention, security, processing, and transfer of personally
 identifiable information of residents of E.U. countries. The GDPR created a range of new compliance obligations and imposes significant fines and sanctions for violations. It is possible that the GDPR may be interpreted or applied in a manner
 that is adverse to, or unforeseen by us, including requirements that are inconsistent with our practices, or that we may otherwise fail to construe its requirements in ways that are satisfactory to the E.U. authorities. Upon leaving the E.U. on
 January 31, 2021, the U.K. enacted a new domestic data privacy law called the U.K. General Data Protection Regulation UK-GDPR ). Although somewhat less restrictive than the GDPR, the UK-GDPR is similar to the GDPR with respect to both an
 entity s obligation to protect personal information and the imposition of significant fines for violations.

18 

Table of Contents 

Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with the GDPR or the UK-GDPR, or with any applicable regulatory requirements or orders, including, but not limited to privacy, data protection, information security,
 or consumer protection related privacy laws and regulations, in one or more jurisdictions within the E.U., the U.K. or elsewhere, could: result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or individuals; subject us to
 significant fines, penalties, and/or judgments; require us to change our business practices; limit access to our products and services in certain countries, or otherwise adversely affect our business, as we would be at risk to lose both customers
 and revenue, and incur substantial costs.

We may, in the future, incur net losses.

Although the Company has been profitable since fiscal 2010, it has, in the past, incurred net losses. We cannot provide assurance that the Company will not incur net losses in the future.

Market Related Risk Factors 

Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and are reported in U.S. dollars. Our operations have transactions and balances denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar;
 primarily the South Korean won, New Taiwan dollar, Japanese yen, Chinese renminbi, Euro, Singapore dollar, and the British pound sterling. In 2024, we recorded a net gain from changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 2.2 million in our
 consolidated statement of income, while our net assets increased by 8.6 million as a result of the translation of foreign currency financial statements to U.S. dollars. Significant foreign currency fluctuations may adversely affect our results
 of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.

Our hedging activity could negatively impact our results of operations and cash flows.

We may enter into derivatives to manage our exposures to interest rate and currency movements. If we do not accurately forecast our results of operations, execute contracts that do not effectively mitigate our
 economic exposures to interest rates and currency rates, elect to not apply hedge accounting (when doing so would have mitigated our losses), or fail to comply with the complex accounting requirements for hedging transactions, our results of
 operations and cash flows could be volatile, as well as negatively impacted.

The market price of our common stock is subject to volatility and could fluctuate widely in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control.

Factors that may influence the price of our common stock include, but are not limited to, the following:

loss of any of our key customers or suppliers;

additions or departures of key personnel;

third party sales of common stock;

short interest in our common stock;

our ability to execute our business plan, including but not limited to, our expansion into China;

announcements and consummations of business acquisitions;

operating results that fall below or exceed expectations;

announcements of forecasted earnings or material transactions;

19 

Table of Contents 

issuances or repurchases of our common stock;

intellectual property disputes;

reputational damage suffered with or without merit;

industry developments;

news about or disclosures made by our competitors or customers;

business combinations, divestitures, or bankruptcies by customers, suppliers, or competitors;

economic and other external factors including (but not limited to) inflation, recessions, natural disasters, military actions, political instability, or social unrest; and

period to period fluctuations in our financial results.

In addition, securities markets have from time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also
 materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Such fluctuations may be the result of imbalances between buy and sell offers, the actions of quantitative or algorithmic stock traders and short-sellers, or low trading volume
 which can magnify the effects of a small number of transactions on the price of a stock.

We operate in a global, competitive environment which gives rise to operating and market risk exposure.

We sell our products in a competitive, global environment, and compete worldwide for sales on the basis of product quality, price, technology, and customer service. Sales of our products are also
 subject to federal, state, local, and foreign taxes, laws and regulations, trade agreements, import and export controls, duties, and tariffs. The imposition of additional regulations or controls including export controls, duties, tariffs, or
 changes to bilateral and regional trade agreements, could negatively impact our results of operations.

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 1C. 

CYBERSECURITY

Risk Management Strategy

Securing the Company s business information, customer, supplier, and employee data and information technology systems is an important part of our overall risk management framework. We rely on certain key information
 technology systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, including cloud vendors, for various business functions necessary to operate and manage our business. We select key third-party service providers based on
 several factors, including the type of data processed and the nature of services offered, and we oversee such key third-party service providers by conducting vendor diligence upon onboarding and ongoing monitoring, including a review of SOC-1
 reports on an annual basis.

We have adopted processes designed to identify, assess and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats. Those processes include response to and an assessment of internal and external threats to the security,
 confidentiality, integrity and availability of our data and information systems, along with other material risks to our operations. In addition, we have implemented procedures over certain areas such as access on/off boarding and account
 management to help govern the processes put in place by management designed to protect our IT assets, data, and services from threats and vulnerabilities. Although, to date, we have not experienced a material cybersecurity incident resulting in a
 significant interruption of our operations, the scope of any future incident cannot be predicted with any meaningful accuracy. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for more information.

20 

Table of Contents 

Governance

Management is responsible for the day-to-day management of the risks we face, while our Board 
 of Directors has responsibility for the oversight of risk management, including risks from cybersecurity threats. The cybersecurity program is led by the Company s
 Global VP of Data Operations and Information Technology, who provides periodic updates to the Cyber Security Risk Management Committee of our Board of Directors about the program, including information about cyber risk management governance
 and the status of ongoing efforts to strengthen cybersecurity effectiveness. Our Board of Directors engages in ad hoc conversations with management on cybersecurity-related news events and discuss any significant updates to our
 cybersecurity risk management and initiatives. The Cyber Security Risk Management Committee regularly reports on its activities to the full Board to promote effective coordination and to ensure that the entire Board remains apprised of the
 effectiveness of the cybersecurity risk management and the cybersecurity risk landscape, and also assesses how management is managing these risks.

21 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES

The following table presents certain information about the Company s photomask manufacturing facilities:

Location

Type of

 Interest

Allen, Texas

Owned

Boise, Idaho

Owned

Brookfield, Connecticut

Owned

Bridgend, Wales

Leased

Cheonan, Korea

Owned

Hefei, China

Owned

(1)

Dresden, Germany

Leased

Hsinchu, Taiwan

Owned

(1)

Hsinchu, Taiwan

Leased

Taichung, Taiwan

Owned

(1)

Xiamen, China

Owned

(1)

(1) We own our manufacturing facilities in Hefei, Taichung, Xiamen, and one of our manufacturing facilities in Hsinchu. However, we lease the related land at these sites. We believe our facilities, with planned expansions, are adequate to
 support our current and near-term requirements. 

ITEM 3.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Please refer to Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report for information on legal proceedings
 involving the Company.

ITEM 4.

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

22 

Table of Contents 

PART II

ITEM 5.

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

(a) Market Information

Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market NASDAQ under the symbol PLAB. On December 12, 2024, the closing sale price of our common stock, per the NASDAQ Global Select
 Market, was 26.27.

(b) Approximate Number of Holders of Common Stock 

Based on available information, we have 215 registered shareholders.

(c) Dividends

To date, we have not paid any cash dividends on Photronics shares, and, for the foreseeable future, we anticipate that earnings will continue to be retained for use in our business.

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

The information regarding our equity compensation required to be disclosed by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference from the Photronics, Inc. 2025 Definitive Proxy Statement in Item 12 of Part
 III of this report. The 2025 Definitive Proxy Statement will be filed within 120 days after our fiscal year ended October 31, 2024.

(e) Stock Price Performance Graph

23 

Table of Contents 

(f) Purchase of Equity Securities by Registrant and Affiliated Purchasers

In September 2020, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 100 million of its common stock, pursuant to a repurchase plan under
 Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Act. The repurchase authorization by the Board of Directors has no expiration date, does not obligate us to acquire any common stock, and is subject to market conditions. Share repurchases under this
 authorization commenced on September 16, 2020. The most recent 10b5-1 plan expired on September 15, 2022, and has not been renewed. In 2022, we repurchased 0.2 million shares at a cost of 2.5 million (an average of 13.43 per share) and,
 since the program s inception, we have repurchased 5.8 million shares at a cost of 68.3 million (an average of 11.70 per share). All shares repurchased under the program have been retired. On August 28, 2024, the Board of Directors authorized an increase to the Company s existing share repurchase program from the remaining 31.7
 million up to 100 million under the Board of Director authorization. In 2024, we did not repurchase any further shares as part of this program.

ITEM 6. 

[RESERVED]

24 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following should be read in conjunction with Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements and our combined consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Item 8
 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

For a comparison of results of operations for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2023 and 2022, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations of Photronics Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on December 26, 2023.

Overview

We sell substantially all of our photomasks to semiconductor designers and manufacturers, and manufacturers of FPDs. Photomask technology is also being applied to the fabrication of other higher-performance
 electronic products such as virtual reality/augmented reality advanced IC packages, photonics, micro-electronic mechanical systems, and certain nanotechnology applications. Our selling cycle is tightly interwoven with the development and release
 of new semiconductor and display designs and applications, particularly as they relate to the semiconductor industry s migration to more advanced product innovation, design methodologies, and fabrication processes. The demand for photomasks
 primarily depends on design activity rather than sales volumes from products manufactured using semiconductor manufacturing technologies. Consequently, an increase in semiconductor or display sales does not necessarily result in a corresponding
 increase in photomask sales. However, the reduced use of application-specific ICs, reductions in design complexities, other changes in the technology or methods of manufacturing or designing semiconductors, or a slowdown in the introduction of
 new semiconductor or display designs could reduce demand for photomasks even if the demand for semiconductors and FPDs increases. Advances in semiconductor, display, and photomask design and production methods that shift the burden of achieving
 device performance away from lithography could also reduce the demand for photomasks. Historically, the microelectronics industry has been volatile, experiencing periodic downturns and slowdowns in design activity. These negative trends have been
 characterized by, among other things, diminished product demand, excess production capacity, and accelerated erosion of selling prices with a concomitant effect on revenue and profitability.

We are typically required to fulfill customer orders within a short period of time, sometimes within twenty-four hours. This results in a minimal level of backlog orders, typically one to two weeks of backlog for IC
 photomasks and two to three weeks of backlog for FPD photomasks. However, the demand for some IC photomasks can extend longer than the traditional time period; thus, for some products, our backlog can expand to as long as two to three months.

The global semiconductor and FPD industries are driven by end markets which have been closely tied to consumer-driven applications of high-performance devices, including, but not limited to, mobile display devices,
 mobile communications, and computing solutions. While we cannot predict the timing of the industry s transition to volume production of next-generation technology nodes, or the timing of up and down-cycles with precise accuracy, we believe that
 such transitions and cycles will continue into the future, beneficially and adversely affecting our business, financial condition, and operating results as they occur. We believe our ability to remain successful in these environments is dependent
 upon the achievement of our goals of being a service and technology leader and efficient solutions supplier, which we believe should enable us to continually reinvest in our global infrastructure.

We are focused on improving our competitiveness by advancing our technology and reducing costs and, in connection therewith, have invested and plan to continue to invest in manufacturing equipment to serve both the
 high-end photomask and trailing-edge markets. As we face challenges that require us to make significant improvements in our competitiveness, we continue to evaluate further cost reduction initiatives.

State-of-the-art production for semiconductor masks is considered to be 28 nanometer and smaller for ICs and Generation 10.5+ and AMOLED and LTPS display-based process technologies for FPDs. However, 32 nanometer and
 above geometries for semiconductors and Generation 8 and below (excluding AMOLED and LTPS) process technologies for displays constitute the majority of designs currently being fabricated in volume. At these geometries and various high-end nodes,
 we can produce full lines of photomasks, and there is no significant technology employed by our competitors that is not available to us. We expect advanced-generation designs to continue to move to production throughout fiscal 2025, and we
 believe we are well positioned to service an increasing volume of this business as a result of our investments in manufacturing processes and technology in the regions where our customers are located.

25 

Table of Contents 

The photomask industry has been, and is expected to continue to be characterized by technological change and evolving industry standards. In order to remain competitive, we will be required to continually anticipate,
 respond to, and utilize changing technologies. In particular, we believe that, as semiconductor geometries continue to become smaller, and display designs become larger or otherwise more advanced, we will be required to manufacture even more
 complex optically-enhanced reticles, including optical proximity correction, phase-shift and EUV photomasks. Additionally, demand for photomasks has been, and could in the future be, adversely affected by changes in high-performance electronics
 fabrication methods that affect the type or quantity of photomasks used, such as changes in semiconductor demand that favor field-programmable gate arrays and other semiconductor designs that replace application-specific ICs, or the use of
 certain chip-stacking methodologies that lessen the emphasis on conventional lithography technology. Furthermore, increased market acceptance of alternative methods of transferring circuit designs onto semiconductor wafers could reduce or
 eliminate the need for photomasks in the production of semiconductors. As of the end of 2024, one alternative method, direct-write lithography, has not been proven to be a commercially viable alternative to photomasks, as it is considered to be
 too slow for high-volume semiconductor wafer production, and we have not experienced a significant loss of revenue as a result of this or other alternative semiconductor design methodologies. However, should direct-write lithography or any other
 alternative method of transferring IC designs to semiconductor wafers without the use of photomasks achieve market acceptance, and we do not anticipate, respond to, or utilize these or other changing technologies due to resource, technological,
 or other constraints, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Our revenues have benefitted, and our costs, including depreciation, have been affected by the increased demand for high-end-technology photomasks that require more advanced manufacturing capabilities, but generally
 command higher ASPs. Our capital expenditure payments were 130.9 million, 131.3 million and 112.3 million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Nonetheless, we intend to continue to make the required investments to support the technological
 requirements of our customers that we believe will continue to enable our growth. In support of this effort, we expect capital expenditure payments to be approximately 200 million in fiscal year 2025.

The manufacture of photomasks for use in fabricating ICs, FPDs, and other related products built using comparable photomask-based process technologies has been, and continues to be, capital intensive. Our employees
 and our integrated global manufacturing network represent a significant portion of our fixed operating cost base. Should our revenue decrease as a result of a decrease in design releases from our customers, we may have excess or underutilized
 production capacity, which could significantly impact our operating margins, or result in write-offs from asset impairments.

26 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations

The following tables present selected operating information expressed as a percentage of revenue. The columns may not foot due to rounding.

Three Months Ended

October 31,

 2024

July 28,

 2024

October 31,

 2023

Revenue

100.0

100.0

100.0

Cost of goods sold

63.0

64.4

62.7

Gross profit

37.0

35.6

37.3

Selling, general and administrative expenses

9.4

9.2

7.4

Research and development expenses

2.4

1.7

1.5

Operating income

25.2

24.7

28.5

Non-operating (expense) income, net

(0.5

4.8

8.2

Income before income tax provision

24.7

29.5

36.7

Income tax provision

6.5

6.7

8.9

Net income

18.2

22.8

27.8

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

2.9

6.5

8.2

Net income attributable to Photronics, Inc. shareholders

15.3

16.3

19.6

Year Ended

October 31,

 2024

October 31,

 2023

October 31,

 2022

Revenue

100.0

100.0

100.0

Cost of goods sold

63.6

62.3

64.3

Gross profit

36.4

37.7

35.7

Selling, general and administrative expenses

9.0

7.8

7.8

Research and development expenses

1.9

1.5

2.2

Operating income

25.6

28.4

25.7

Non-operating income

3.0

1.9

3.3

Income before income tax provision

28.5

30.3

29.0

Income tax provision

7.3

7.9

7.3

Net income

21.2

22.4

21.7

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

6.1

8.3

7.3

Net income attributable to Photronics, Inc. shareholders

15.1

14.1

14.4

27 

Table of Contents 

Note: All the following tabular comparisons, unless otherwise indicated, are for the three months ended October 31, 2024 (Q4 FY24), July 28, 2024 (Q3 FY24) and October 31,
 2023 (Q4 FY23), and for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2024 (YTD FY24), October 31, 2023 (YTD FY23), and October 31, 2022 (YTD FY22). Please refer to Part II, Item 7 of our 2023 Form 10-K for comparative discussion of our fiscal years ended
 October 31, 2023, and October 31, 2022. The tables in this item may not foot due to rounding.

Revenue

Our quarterly revenues can be affected by the seasonal purchasing practices of our customers. As a result, demand for our products is typically reduced during the first quarter of our fiscal year by the North
 American, European, and Asian holiday periods, as some of our customers reduce their development and, consequently, their buying activities during those periods.

The following tables present changes in revenue disaggregated by product type and geographic origin, in Q4 FY24 and YTD FY24 from revenue in prior reporting periods.

Quarterly Changes in Revenue by Product Type in millions) 

Q4 FY24 compared with Q3 FY24

Q4 FY24 compared with Q4 FY23

Revenue in

 Q4 FY24

Increase

 (Decrease)

Percent

 Change

Increase

 (Decrease)

Percent

 Change

IC 

High-end 

60.1

10.6

21.3

2.4

4.1

Mainstream

103.6

(2.8

(2.5

(3.2

(2.9

Total IC

163.7

7.8

5.0

(0.8

(0.5

FPD 

High-end 

48.4

-

0.0

(4.9

(9.2

Mainstream

10.5

3.8

56.6

0.8

8.3

Total FPD

58.9

3.8

6.9

(4.1

(6.5

Total Revenue

222.6

11.6

5.5

(4.9

(2.1

High-end photomasks typically have higher ASPs than mainstream products.

Quarterly Changes in Revenue by Geographic Origin in millions) 

Q4 FY24 compared with Q3 FY24

Q4 FY24 compared with Q4 FY23

Revenue in

 Q4 FY24

Increase

 (Decrease)

Percent

 Change

Increase

 (Decrease)

Percent

 Change

Taiwan

69.7

1.5

2.3

(9.6

(12.1

China

60.8

5.5

10.0

1.6

2.7

Korea

40.0

1.6

4.1

(2.2

(5.2

United States

41.7

2.9

7.6

5.0

13.5

Europe

9.9

0.1

1.0

0.5

5.7

Other

0.5

-

(1.2

(0.2

(27.9

Total revenue

222.6

11.6

5.5

(4.9

(2.1

This table disaggregates revenue by the location in which it was earned.

28 

Table of Contents 

Revenue in Q4 FY24 of 222.6 million represented an increase of 5.5 compared with Q3 FY24, and a decrease of 2.1 from Q4 FY23.

Overall IC revenue increased 7.8 million or 5.0 in Q4 FY24 from Q3 FY24 due to stronger high-end foundry and logic demand in Asia. Overall IC revenue decreased 0.8 million or 0.5 in Q4 FY24 from Q4 FY23. IC
 mainstream decreased in Q4 FY24 by 2.8 million or 2.5 from Q3 FY24, and 3.2 million or 2.9 from Q4 FY23 primarily the result of reduced mainstream demand in Asia.

FPD revenue increased 3.8 million or 6.9 in Q4 FY24 from Q3 FY24 due to stronger demand for mainstream products. FPD revenue decreased 4.1 million or 6.5 in Q4 FY24 from Q4 FY23 due to slower demand in
 high-end products. Revenue from mainstream products increased 3.8 million or 56.6 in Q4 FY24 from Q3 FY24 as more production capacity was dedicated to meet strong demand.

Year-over-Year Changes in Revenue by Product Type in millions) 

YTD FY24 compared with YTD FY23

Revenue in

 YTD FY24

Increase

 (Decrease)

Percent

 Change

IC 

High-end 

228.5

33.5

17.2

Mainstream

409.6

(46.7

(10.2

Total IC

638.1

(13.2

(2.0

FPD 

High-end 

195.4

(5.5

(2.7

Mainstream

33.4

(6.5

(16.3

Total FPD

228.8

(12.0

(5.0

Total Revenue

866.9

(25.2

(2.8

High-end photomasks typically have higher ASPs than mainstream photomasks.

Year-over-Year Changes in Revenue by Geographic Origin in millions) 

YTD FY24 compared with YTD FY23

Revenue in

 YTD FY24

Increase

 (Decrease)

Percent

 Change

Taiwan

288.3

(28.6

(9.0

China

232.9

(12.4

(5.1

Korea

158.0

(4.2

(2.6

United States

146.7

17.7

13.8

Europe

39.2

2.6

7.1

Other

1.8

(0.3

(14.3

866.9

(25.2

(2.8

This table disaggregates revenue by the location in which it was earned.

29 

Table of Contents 

Overall revenue decreased 25.2 million or 2.8 in YTD FY24 from YTD FY23. IC revenue decreased 13.2 million or 2.0 in YTD FY24 from YTD FY23 due to less demand for mainstream products earlier in the year which
 was partially offset by strong demand for high-end products. FPD revenue decreased by 12.0 million or 5.0 , driven by a 6.5 million or 16.3 decrease in revenue from mainstream products due to a decrease in G8 products.

Gross Margin

Q4 FY24

Q3 FY24

Percent

 Change

Q4 FY23

Percent

 Change

Gross profit

82.3

75.1

9.6

84.9

(3.1

Gross margin

37.0

35.6

37.3

Gross margin increased by 140 basis points in Q4 FY24 as compared to Q3 FY24, primarily as a result of the increase in revenue. The gross margin favorable impact
 resulting from the increase in revenue in Q4 FY24 compared to Q3 FY24 was partially offset by increased material costs of 5.2 , or 6 basis points as a percentage of revenue. Labor costs increased 1.3 , or 45 basis points as a percentage of
 revenue. Equipment and other overhead costs increased 2.7 from Q3 FY24 or 77 basis points as a percentage of revenue, mainly due to higher equipment cost in US high-end location.

Gross margin decreased by 30 basis points in Q4 FY24, from Q4 FY23, primarily as a result of the decrease in revenue of 2.1 and increased equipment and other
 overhead costs of 4.6 , or 185 basis points as a percentage of revenue. This was partially offset by a decrease in material cost of 5.2 , or 77 basis points as a percentage of revenue, and labor costs of 8.5 , or 74 basis points as a
 percentage of revenue.

YTD FY24

YTD FY23

Percent

 Change

Gross profit

315.9

336.2

(6.0

Gross margin

36.4

37.7

Gross margin decreased by 130 basis points in YTD FY24, from YTD FY23, primarily as a result of the decrease in revenue of 2.8 and increased equipment and other overhead costs of 2.5 , or 148 basis points as a
 percentage of revenue. This was partially offset by a decrease in material cost of 3.8 , or 24 basis points as a percentage of revenue, and labor costs of 2.8 , but remained flat as a percentage of revenue.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses were 21.0 million in Q4 FY24, compared with 19.4 million in Q3 FY24, and 16.7 million in Q4 FY23. The 1.6 million increase from Q3 FY24 was primarily the result of
 compensation and related expenses of 1.1 million. The 4.3 million increase from Q4 FY23 was primarily the result of increased compensation and related compensation expenses of 2.1 million and increased professional fees of 1.4 million.

Selling, general and administrative expenses were 77.8 million in YTD FY24, compared with 69.5 million in YTD FY23. The increase of 8.3 million is primarily due to an increase in compensation and related
 expenses of 3.8 million and professional fees of 2.5 million.

Research and Development Expenses

Research and development expenses, which primarily consist of development and qualification efforts related to process technologies for high-end IC and FPD applications, increased 1.7 million
 to 5.3 million in Q4 FY24, from Q3 FY24; the increase was primarily caused by increased qualification activities. Research and development expenses in Q4 FY24 increased by 1.9 million from Q4 FY23 as a result of increased development
 activities in the U.S. and Asia. On a year-to-date basis, research and development expenses increased 2.9 million, to 16.6 million, primarily due to increased development activities in the U.S.

30 

Table of Contents 

Non-Operating Income (Expense)

Q4 FY24

Q3 FY24

Q4 FY23

Foreign currency transactions impact, net

(7.7

4.1

13.2

Interest expense, net

(0.1

(0.1

(0.1

Interest income and other income, net

6.8

6.1

5.6

Non-operating (expense) income, net

(1.0

10.1

18.7

Non-operating (expense) income decreased in Q4 FY24 from Q3 FY24 by 11.1 million and from Q4
 FY23 by 19.7 million, primarily due to foreign currency impacts. The foreign currency impacts were primarily driven by unfavorable movements of the New Taiwan dollar and the South Korean won, against the U.S. dollar for both
 periods.

YTD FY24

YTD FY23

Foreign currency transactions impact, net

2.2

2.5

Interest expense, net

(0.3

(0.4

Interest income and other income, net

24.0

14.8

Non-operating income, net

25.9

16.9

Non-operating income (expense) increased 9.0 million in YTD FY24, compared with YTD FY23, due to increased interest income and other income of 9.2 million, resulting from higher average
 cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments balances in FY24 as compared with FY23.

Income Tax Provision

On December 15, 2022, the European Union (EU) Member States formally adopted the EU s Pillar Two Directive, which generally provides for a
 minimum effective tax rate of 15 , as established by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Pillar Two Framework. The EU effective dates are January 1, 2024, and January 1, 2025, for different aspects of the
 directive. A significant number of other countries are expected to also implement similar legislation with varying effective dates. The Company is currently not subject to Pillar Two but is continuously evaluating the potential impact of the Pillar Two Framework to ensure we are compliant in the future.

Q4 FY24

Q3 FY24

Q4 FY23

Income tax provision

14.6

14.1

20.3

Effective income tax rate

26.6

22.7

24.3

The effective income tax rates are sensitive to the jurisdictional mix of our earnings, due, in part, to the non-recognition of tax benefits on losses in jurisdictions with valuation allowances.

The effective income tax rate increased in Q4 FY24, compared with Q3 FY24, primarily due to changes in the period-to-period mix of jurisdictional earnings as well as an increase in foreign tax as compared to the
 prior quarter. The effective income tax rate increase in Q4 FY24, as compared with Q4 FY23, is primarily due to changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings as well as an increase in foreign tax as compared to the prior year.

FY24

FY23

Income tax provision

63.6

70.3

Effective income tax rate

25.7

26.0

31 

Table of Contents 

The decrease in the effective income tax rate on a full-year basis in FY24, compared with FY23, is primarily due to changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings. We consider all available evidence when
 evaluating the potential future realization of deferred tax assets, and when, based on the weight of all available evidence, we determine that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of our deferred tax assets will not be
 realized, we reduce our deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance. We also regularly assess the potential outcomes of ongoing and future tax examinations and, accordingly, have recorded accruals for such contingencies. Included in the
 balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of October 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023, are 14.7 million and 8.9 million respectively, recorded in Other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets
 that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rates. The October 31, 2024 valuation allowance was reduced by (2.0) million dollars which was offset by additional FIN 48 reserve of 5.8 million.

Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was 6.4 million in Q4 FY24, compared with 13.8 million in Q3 FY24; the decrease was the result of a net decrease in the net incomes of our joint venture
 operations. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests decreased by 12.1 million in Q4 FY24 from Q4 FY23, and by 21.0 million in YTD FY24 from YTD FY23, as a result of decreased net income at both our Taiwan-based and China-based
 IC facilities.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash and cash equivalents was 598.5 million and 499.3 million as of October 31, 2024, and October 31, 2023, respectively. As of October 31, 2024, total cash and cash equivalents included 562.1 million held
 by foreign subsidiaries. In addition, we currently have 42.2 million in short-term investments and RMB 200 million (approximately 28.1 million) of borrowing capacity in China to support local operations. See Note 8 Debt to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our outstanding debt and currently available financing. Our primary sources of liquidity are our cash on hand and cash we
 generate from operations.

We continually evaluate alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. These reviews may result in our engagement in a variety of investing and financing transactions, in
 the transfer of cash among subsidiaries, and/or the repatriation of cash to the U.S. The transfer of funds among subsidiaries could be subject to foreign withholding taxes; in certain jurisdictions, repatriation of these funds to the U.S.
 may subject them to U.S. state income taxes and/or local country withholding taxes. We believe that our liquidity, including available financing, is sufficient to meet our requirements through the next twelve months and thereafter for the
 foreseeable future. Through the utilization of our existing liquidity, cash we generate from operations and short-term investments, we plan to continue to invest in our business, with our investments targeted to align with our customers 
 technology road maps. In addition, we stand ready to invest in mergers, acquisitions, or strategic partnerships, should a suitable opportunity arise.

We estimate capital expenditures for our fiscal year 2025 will be approximately 200 million; these investments will be targeted towards high-end and mainstream point tools that will increase our operating
 capacity and efficiency and enable us to support our customers near-term demands. As of October 31, 2024, we had outstanding capital commitments of approximately 105.4 million and accrued liabilities related to capital equipment purchases
 of approximately 6.7 million. Although payment timing could vary, primarily as a result of the timing of tool delivery, installation and testing, we currently estimate that we will fund 98.1 million of our total 112.1 million committed
 and recognized obligations for capital expenditures over the next twelve months. Please refer to Notes 11 - Leases and 16 Commitments and Contingencies to
 our consolidated financial statements for additional information on our lease liabilities and unrecognized commitments, respectively.

On August 28, 2024, the Board of Directors authorized an increase to the Company s existing share repurchase program from the remaining 31.7 million up to 100 million. As of October 31, 2024, there was 100 million remaining under that authorization.
 Depending on market conditions, we may utilize some or the entire remaining approved amount to reacquire additional shares.

As discussed in Note 6 PDMCX Joint Venture of our consolidated financial statements, DNP, the noncontrolling interest in our China-based joint venture has, under
 certain circumstances, the right to put its interest in the joint venture to Photronics, or to purchase our interest in the joint venture. Under all such circumstances, the sale of DNP s interest would be at its ownership percentage of the
 joint venture s net book value, with closing to take place within three business days of obtaining required approvals and clearance. As of the date of issuance of this report, DNP had not indicated its intention to exercise this right. As
 of October 31, 2024, Photronics and DNP each had net investments in this joint venture of approximately 140.6 million.

32 

Table of Contents 

Cash Flows

Year Ended

October 31,

 2024

October 31,

 2023

October 31,

 2022

Net cash provided by operating activities

261.4

302.2

275.2

Net cash used in investing activities

(156.5

(101.5

(147.8

Net cash used in financing activities

(7.7

(18.5

(38.7

Operating Activities : Net cash provided by operating activities reflects net income adjusted for certain non-cash
 items, including depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation, and the effects of changes in operating assets and liabilities. Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by 40.8 million

in FY24, compared with FY23, primarily due to decreased net income and net cash-favorable changes in working capital, predominantly in Asia.

Investing Activities : Net cash flows used in investing activities increased by 55.0 million in FY24, compared to FY23, primarily driven by an increase of
 purchases of short-term investments of 80.4 million. This was partially offset by an increase in proceeds from the maturity of short-term investments of 25.3 million.

Financing Activities : Net cash used in financing activities decreased by 10.8 million in FY24, compared to FY23. This was driven by a decrease in repayments
 of debt of 11.8 million

Our cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash balances were positively impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates in FY24 of 2.1 million.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

Non-GAAP Net Income attributable to Photronics, Inc. shareholders and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share are non-GAAP financial measures as such term is defined by Regulation G of the Securities and
 Exchange Commission, and may differ from similarly named non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. The financial tables below reconcile Photronics, Inc. financial results under GAAP to non-GAAP financial information. We believe
 these non-GAAP financial measures that exclude certain items are useful for analysts and investors to evaluate our on-going performance because they enable a more meaningful comparison of historical results of our core business. These
 non-GAAP metrics are not a measure of consolidated operating results under U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to Net income (loss), Net income (loss) per share, or any other measure of consolidated results under U.S.
 GAAP. The items excluded from these non-GAAP metrics, but included in the calculation of their closest GAAP equivalent, are significant components of the condensed consolidated statement of income and must be considered in performing a
 comprehensive assessment of overall financial performance.

The following table reconciles GAAP to Non-GAAP Income for the indicated periods. The columns may not foot due to rounding.

33 

Table of Contents 

Three Months ended

Year ended

Oct 31,

 2024

July 28,

 2024

Oct 31,

 2023

Oct 31,

 2024

Oct 31,

 2023

Oct 31,

 2022

Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Net Income:

GAAP Net Income attributable to Photronics, Inc. shareholders

33,869

34,388

44,611

130,688

125,485

118,786

FX loss (gain) 

7,758

(4,068

(13,234

(2,168

(2,466

(27,344

Estimated tax effects of above

(1,936

914

3,437

477

317

5,933

Estimated noncontrolling interest effects of above

(2,637

681

2,431

(1,407

2,676

4,275

Non-GAAP Net Income attributable to Photronics, Inc. shareholders

37,054

31,915

37,245

127,590

126,012

101,650

Weighted-average number of common shares

 outstanding - Diluted

62,456

62,414

62,067

62,391

61,755

61,189

Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP EPS:

GAAP diluted earnings per share

0.54

0.55

0.72

2.09

2.03

1.94

Effects of the above adjustments

0.05

(0.04

(0.12

(0.04

0.01

(0.28

Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share

0.59

0.51

0.60

2.05

2.04

1.66

Business Outlook

Our current business outlook and guidance was provided in our Full Year and Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2024 Results earnings call, and related slide deck. These can be accessed in the investor section of our
 website - www.photronics.com.

Our future results of operations and the other forward-looking statements contained in this filing and in our Full Year and Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2024 Results earnings call and presentation involve a number
 of risks and uncertainties, some of which are discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this report. A number of other unforeseeable factors could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations.

Critical Accounting Estimates

Our consolidated financial statements are based on the selection and application of accounting policies, which require management to make significant estimates and assumptions. We believe the following to be
 the more critical areas that require judgment when applying our accounting policies:

Revenue Recognition : The application of GAAP related to the measurement and recognition of revenue requires us to make judgments and estimates, including the determination of whether we should recognize revenue as we
 perform or upon the completion of our performance, as these determinations impact the timing and amount of our reported revenue and net income. Other significant judgments include the estimation of the point in the manufacturing
 process at which we are entitled to recognize revenue, as well as the measurement of our progress towards satisfying our performance obligations, which determine the amount of revenue we are entitled to recognize.

Property, Plant and Equipment : Significant judgment and assumptions are employed when we establish the estimated useful lives of asset classes, and determine when depreciation should commence for individual assets, as
 these determinations can significantly impact our gross margin and research and development expenses. Significant judgment would also be employed when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a group
 of assets may not be recoverable, as the recoverability assessment requires us to forecast future cash flows related to these assets; this evaluation can significantly impact our gross margin and operating expense.

Leases : Significant judgment is applied in the determination of whether an arrangement is, or contains, a lease and, in certain instances, whether the lease should be classified as an operating lease or a finance lease,
 which can impact the timing and classification of lease costs.

Contingencies : We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies. Significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of a loss, if any, from such contingencies. An accrual is
 made when it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset has been impaired and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Changes in estimates related to, and resolutions of, contingencies may have a material
 impact on our financial performance.

34 

Table of Contents 

Income Taxes : Our annual tax rate is determined based on our income and the jurisdictions where it is earned, statutory tax rates, and the tax impacts of items treated differently for tax
 purposes than for financial reporting purposes. Also inherent in determining our annual tax rate are judgments and assumptions regarding the recoverability of certain deferred tax assets, and our ability to uphold certain tax
 positions. We are subject to complex tax laws, in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions, and the manner in which they apply can be open to interpretation. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generating
 sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction in future periods, which involves business plans, planning opportunities, and expectations about future outcomes. Our assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may
 involve a series of complex judgments about future events.

There are a number of estimates and assumptions inherent in calculating the various components of our tax provision. Future events such as changes in tax legislation, geographic mix of
 earnings, findings in tax audits, and earnings repatriation plans could have an impact on those estimates and our effective tax rate.

Effect of Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements of this report for recent accounting pronouncements that may affect our financial reporting.

35 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk

We conduct business in several major currencies throughout our worldwide operations, and our financial performance may be affected by fluctuations in the exchange rates of these currencies. Changes in
 exchange rates can positively or negatively affect our reported revenue, operating income, assets, liabilities, and equity. The functional currencies of our Asian subsidiaries are the South Korean won, the New Taiwan dollar, the RMB, and
 the Singapore dollar. The functional currencies of our European subsidiaries are the British pound and the euro. In addition, we engage in transactions and have exposures to the Japanese yen.

We attempt to minimize our risk of foreign currency transaction losses by producing products in the same country in which the products are sold (thereby generating revenues and incurring expenses in the same
 currency), and by managing our working capital. However, in some instances, we sell products in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity where it was produced, or purchase products in a currency that differs from the
 functional currency of the purchasing entity. We may also enter into derivative contracts to mitigate our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations when we have a significant purchase obligation or significant receivable denominated in a
 currency that differs from the functional currency of the transacting subsidiary. We do not enter into derivatives for speculative purposes. There can be no assurance that this approach will protect us from the need to recognize
 significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses, especially in the event of a significant adverse movement in the value of any foreign currency in which we conduct business against any of our functional currencies, including the
 U.S. dollar.

Our primary net foreign currency exposures as of October 31, 2024, included the South Korean won, the Japanese yen, the New Taiwan dollar, the Chinese renminbi, the Singapore dollar, the British pound
 sterling, and the euro. As of October 31, 2024, a 10 adverse movement in the value of the non-functional currencies against the functional currencies of our subsidiaries would have resulted in a net unrealized pre-tax loss of 61.3
 million, which represents an increase of 9.3 million from the same movement as of October 31, 2023. The increase in foreign currency rate change risk is primarily the result of increased net exposures of the New Taiwan dollar and South
 Korean won against the U.S. dollar. We do not believe that a 10 change in the exchange rates of other non-U.S. dollar currencies would have had a material effect on our October 31, 2024, consolidated financial statements.

Interest Rate Risk

A 10 adverse movement in the interest rates on our variable rate borrowings would not have had a material effect on our October 31, 2024, consolidated financial statements.

Inflation Risk

Inflationary factors generally affect us by increasing our labor and overhead costs, as well as costs associated with certain risks identified above, which may adversely affect our results of operations and
 financial position. We have historically been able to recover the impacts of inflation through sales price increases, however we cannot reasonably estimate our ability to successfully recover any impact of inflation through price
 increases in the future. Our inability to do so could harm our results of operations and financial position.

36 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID 34 

38 

Consolidated

Balance Sheets 

39 

Consolidated Statements of Income 

40 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

41 

Consolidated Statements of Equity 

42 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

43 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

44 

37 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Photronics, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Photronics, Inc., and subsidiaries (the Company as of October 31, 2024 and 2023, the
 related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our
 opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the
 period ended October 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal
 control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated December
 18, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
 statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
 the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
 assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
 error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or
 required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of
 critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the
 accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Revenue Contracts with Customers Refer to Note 1 10 of the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

The Company recognizes revenue over time for in-process production orders that have not shipped for contracts with customers for which it has an
 enforceable right to bill and collect consideration, including a reasonable profit, in the event the in-process orders are cancelled by the customers. In addition, as photomasks are manufactured to customer specifications, they have no alternative
 use to the Company. This results in the Company recording a corresponding contract asset as of period-end for these contracts. Significant judgment is exercised by the Company in determining the amount of revenue to recognize for these contracts
 and the corresponding contract asset, specifically in estimating the point within the production cycle at which the production orders stand in relation to the Company s enforceable right within the contract. Pursuant to these contracts, revenue
 recognized over time and the associated contract asset as of October 31, 2024 was 11.5 million.

We identified the determination of revenue recognized over time for in-process productions orders as of October 31, 2024 as a critical auditing matter
 because of the significant estimates and assumptions management makes in determining the amount of revenue to recognize for these contracts. This required a high degree of audit judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit
 procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s determination of the progress point of in-process orders and the amount of revenue recognized over time and the corresponding contract asset as of October 31, 2024.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit procedures related to the Company s determination of the progress point of in-process orders and resulting revenue recognized over time and
 corresponding contract asset as of October 31, 2024 included the following:

- We tested the operating effectiveness of controls over management s determination of the point in the production
 process and correlation to stated contractual rights.

- We tested the mathematical accuracy of management s calculations of revenue and the associated timing of revenue
 recognized in the consolidated financial statements.

- We tested the accuracy and completeness of the in-process orders report by performing physical observation.

- We selected a sample of in-process production orders as of October 31, 2024 and performed the following 
 procedures for each selection:

- Obtained and read the customer agreement/purchase order, invoice, and quote to determine whether the company
 has an enforceable right to bill and collect consideration.

- Evaluated management s identification of significant contract terms and resulting revenue recognition for the
 in-process production order.

- Evaluated management estimate of the production point for the in-process order corresponding revenue 
 recognition and contract asset based on the Company s enforceable right within the contract.

/s/ 

December 18, 2024

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1991.

38 

Table of Contents 

PHOTRONICS, INC.

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

October 31 ,

 2024 

October 31 ,

 2023 

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Short-term investments

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of in 2024 and in 2023 

Inventories

Other current assets

Total current assets

Property, plant and equipment, net

Deferred income taxes 

Other assets

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

Current liabilities:

Current portion of long-term debt

Accounts payable

Accrued liabilities

Total current liabilities

Long-term debt

Other liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) 

Equity:

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at October 31, 2024 ,
 and shares issued and outstanding at October 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital

Retained earnings

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total Photronics, Inc. shareholders equity

Noncontrolling interests

Total equity

Total liabilities and equity

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

39 

Table of Contents 

PHOTRONICS, INC.

Consolidated
 Statements of
 Income 

(in thousands, except per share amounts)

Year Ended

October 31 ,

 2024 

October 31 ,

 2023 

October 31 ,

 2022 

Revenue

Cost of goods sold

Gross profit

Operating expenses:

Selling, general and administrative

Research and development

Total operating expenses

Other operating expense 

Operating income

Non-operating income (expense):

Foreign currency transactions impacts, net

Interest income and other income, net 

Interest expense, net of subsidies

Income before income tax provision

Income tax provision

Net income

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

Net income attributable to Photronics, Inc. shareholders

Earnings per share:

Basic

Diluted

Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding:

Basic

Diluted

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

40 

Table of Contents 

PHOTRONICS, INC.

Consolidated Statements of
 
 Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

(in thousands)

Year Ended

October 31,

 2024

October 31,

 2023

October 31,

 2022

Net income

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of :

Foreign currency translation adjustments

Other

Net other comprehensive income (loss) 

Comprehensive income

Less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Photronics, Inc. shareholders

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

41 

Table of Contents 

PHOTRONICS, INC.

Consolidated
 Statements of
 Equity 

Years Ended October 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022

(in thousands)

Photronics, Inc. Shareholders

Common Stock

Additional

 Paid-In

Retained 

Treasury

Accumulated

 Other

 Comprehensive

Non-

 Controlling

Total

Shares

Amount

Capital

Earnings

Stock

Income (loss) 

Interests

Equity

Balance as of October 31, 2021

Net income

-

Other comprehensive loss 

-

Shares issued under equity plans 

Share-based compensation expense

-

Contribution from noncontrolling interest

-

Purchases of treasury stock

Retirement of treasury stock

Balance as of October 31, 2022 

Net income

-

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

-

Shares issued under equity plans 

Share-based compensation expense

-

Balance as of October 31, 2023 

Net income 

- 

Other comprehensive income 

- 

Shares issued under equity plans

Share-based compensation expense

- 

Balance as of October 31, 2024 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

42 

Table of Contents 

PHOTRONICS, INC.

Cons olidated Statements of
 Cash Flows 

(in thousands)

Year Ended

October 31,

 2024

October 31,

 2023

October 31,

 2022

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment

Amortization of intangible assets

Share-based compensation

Deferred income taxes

Changes in assets, liabilities, and other:

Accounts receivable

Inventories

Other current assets

Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash flows used in investing activities:

Purchases of property, plant and equipment

Purchases of short-term investments 

Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments 

Government incentives

Purchases of intangible assets

Other

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows used in financing activities:

Repayments of debt

Purchases of treasury stock

Contributions from noncontrolling interests

Proceeds from share-based arrangements

Net settlements of restricted stock awards

Net cash used in financing activities

Effects of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash

Net increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of year

Less: Ending restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash information:

Accruals for property, plant and equipment not yet paid 

Expected refundable federal investment tax credit

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

43 

Table of Contents 

PHOTRONICS, INC.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Years Ended October 31, 2024, October 31, 2023 and October 31, 2022

(in thousands, except share amounts)

manufacturing facilities, located in Taiwan ),

China ), Korea ), the
 United States ), and Europe ). 

are reported as Noncontrolling interests in the consolidated balance sheets. The results of noncontrolling ownership
 interests held by Photronics, net of tax, are reported as Net (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests in the consolidated statements of income. 

44 

Table of Contents 

million and million are included in Other assets on the
 Company s October 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023, consolidated balance sheets, respectively. The restrictions on these amounts are primarily related to land lease agreements and customs requirements. 

45 

Table of Contents 

Time deposits

Total

to years, machinery and equipment over to years, and furniture, fixtures, and
 office equipment over to 
 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the life of the lease or the estimated useful life of the improvement. The Company employs judgment when making assumptions about the estimated useful lives and depreciation periods the
 Company assigns to property, plant and equipment, and when events or changes in circumstances such as a significant industry downturn, plant closures, technological obsolescence, or other occurrences indicate that their carrying amounts may not be
 recoverable.

46 

Table of Contents 

47 

Table of Contents 

t impair any contract assets or accounts
 receivable in 2024 or 2023.

. More recently however, backlogs for most high demand products have returned to historical levels of less than a month. As allowed under ASC 606 Revenue Contracts
 with Customers, the Company has elected not to disclose the Company s remaining performance obligations, which represent the costs associated with the completion of the manufacturing process of in-process photomasks related to contracts
 that have an original duration of one year or less. 

. The Company warrants that the Company s
 photomasks conform to customer specifications, and the Company will typically repair, replace, or issue a refund for any photomasks that fail to do so. The warranties do not represent separate performance obligations in the Company s revenue
 contracts. Historically, customer claims under warranties have been immaterial.

48 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and 
 million for the years ended October 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

49 

Table of Contents 

million as a result of expected refundable tax credits in connection with the CHIPS Act . The Company has also applied for direct capital grants through the CHIPS Act in connection with proposed projects. 

50 

Table of Contents 

percent ownership interest in, using the
 equity method. An investment not meeting the parameters to be accounted for under the equity method would be accounted for using the cost method, unless the investment had a readily determinable fair value, at which value it would then be reported.

Unbilled Receivable

Allowance for Credit Losses

51 

Table of Contents 

Prepaid expenses

Recoverable value added taxes

Prepaid and refundable income taxes

Other (1) 

million through CHIPS Act in connection with the Company s ongoing expansion projects. 

Work in process

Finished goods

Buildings and improvements

Machinery and equipment

Leasehold improvements

Furniture, fixtures, and office equipment

Construction in progress

Accumulated depreciation and amortization

Accumulated amortization

52 

Table of Contents 

interest in the Company s IC business in Xiamen, China. The
 joint venture, which the Company refers to as PDMCX , was established to develop and manufacture photomasks for semiconductors. The Company entered into this joint venture to enable the Company to compete more effectively for the merchant
 photomask business in China, and to benefit from the additional resources and investment that DNP provides to enable the Company to offer advanced-process technology to our customers . 

remaining debt at October 31, 2023.

for a period of more than six consecutive months, such party (an exiting party has the option to sell to the other party, and the other
 party has the option to purchase from such exiting party, the exiting party s remaining ownership interest. In either case, the sales of ownership interests would be at the exiting party s ownership percentage of the joint venture s net book value,
 with closing to take place within three business days of obtaining required approvals and clearance.

variable interest
 the Company held during the current and prior year periods, the Company had the obligation to absorb losses, and the right to receive benefits, that could potentially be significant to PDMCX.

53 

Table of Contents 

Noncurrent assets

Total assets

Current liabilities

Noncurrent liabilities

Total liabilities

Net assets

Income taxes

Contract liabilities

Value added and other taxes 

Property, plant, and equipment

Operating leases 

Telecommunications and utilities

Service Contracts 

Other 

Accrued liabilities

54 

Table of Contents 

Months 13 24

Months 25 36

Months 37 48

Months 49 60

Long-term debt

Total debt

Interest rate at balance sheet date

N/A

Basis spread on interest rates

N/A

Interest rate reset

N/A

Maturity date

N/A

Periodic payment amount

Periodic payment frequency

Loan collateral (carrying amount)

(1) 

55 

Table of Contents 

Months 13 24

Months 25 36

Months 37 48

Months 49 60

Long-term debt

Total debt

Interest rate at balance sheet date

N/A 

Basis spread on interest rates

N/A

Interest rate reset

N/A

Maturity date

N/A 

Periodic payment amount

Periodic payment frequency

Loan collateral (carrying amount)

(1) 

million finance lease for a high-end inspection tool. Monthly
 payments on the lease, which commenced in February 2021, are million per month. Upon the payment of the fiftieth monthly payment
 and prior to payment of the fifty-first monthly payment, the Company may exercise an early buyout option to purchase the tool for 
 million. After the original term or any renewal periods, the Company may return the tool, elect to extend the lease, or purchase the tool at its fair market value. Management has determined that the Company will exercise its early buyout option
 during the first half of 2025.

million finance lease for a high-end lithography tool. Monthly payments on the lease, which commenced in January 2021, increased from 
 million during the first three months to million for the following nine months, followed by forty-eight monthly payments of million. As of the due date of the forty-eighth monthly payment, the Company may exercise an early buyout option to purchase the tool for million. At the Company s option, after the original term, the Company may return the tool, elect to extend the lease term for a period and a lease payment
 to be agreed with lessor at the time, or purchase the tool for its then-fair market value, as determined by the lessor. The lease agreement incorporates the covenants included in the Company s Credit Agreement, as defined below (expired in
 September 2023), which are detailed below, and includes a cross-default provision for any agreement or instrument with an outstanding, committed balance greater than 
 million in which the Company is the indebted party. Management has determined that the Company will exercise its early buyout option during the first half of 2025. 

56 

Table of Contents 

million from the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China. From November 2018 through July 2020, PDMCX entered into separate loan agreements (the Project Loans for the
 entire approved amount. In February 2023, PDMCX repaid the entire outstanding balance of RMB million million). As of October 31, 2024, PDMCX had 
 amount outstanding and the amounts may not be re-borrowed. The Project Loans were used to finance certain capital expenditures at the PDMCX facility and were collateralized by liens granted on the land use right, building, and certain equipment
 located at the facility. The interest rates on the Project Loans were variable (based on the RMB Loan Prime Rate of the National Interbank Funding Center), and interest incurred on the loans was eligible for reimbursement through incentives
 provided by the Xiamen Torch Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone, which provided for such reimbursements up to a prescribed limit and duration. The Project Loans were subject to covenants and provisions, certain of which related to the assets
 pledged as security for the loans, all of which the Company were in compliance with at the time of repayment.

million million), pursuant to which PDMCX may enter into
 separate loan agreements with varying terms to maturity. In December 2022, the Company repaid the Company s entire outstanding balance of RMB 
 million million). The interest rates are variable, based on the RMB Loan Prime Rate of the National Interbank Funding Center.
 Interest incurred on the loans related to the amount borrowed was eligible for reimbursement through incentives provided by the Xiamen Torch Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone, which provided for such reimbursements up to a prescribed limit and
 duration. This facility is subject to annual reviews and extensions. In August 2024, the Company was issued an extension to the revolving, unsecured credit agreement for RMB million (approximately million) with an expiration date
 of . As of October 31, 2024, PDMCX had outstanding borrowings against the approval.

amended and restated credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ), which had a 
 million borrowing limit, with an expansion capacity to million. The Credit Agreement was secured by substantially all of the Company s assets located in the United
 States and common stock the Company owns in certain subsidiaries. The Credit Agreement was subject to covenants around minimum interest coverage ratio, total leverage ratio, and minimum unrestricted cash balance (all of which the Company were
 in compliance with at the termination of the agreement in September 2023), and limited the amount of cash dividends, distributions, and redemptions the Company could pay on the Company s common stock to an aggregate annual amount of million. The Credit Agreement expired and was not renewed as of October 31, 2023. There were outstanding borrowings against the
 Credit Agreement at its expiration. 

million in 2024, million in
 2023, and million in 2022. The weighted-average interest rate on the Company s current portion of long-term debt for the periods
 ended October 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023 was and , respectively.

Post employment benefit

Contract liabilities

Tax payable

Operating lease

Other

Other liabilities

Mainstream

Total IC

FPD 

High-end

Mainstream

Total FPD

57 

Table of Contents 

China 

Korea

United States

Europe

Other

At a point in time

Contract Liabilities 

Accrued liabilities

Other liabilities

,
 depending on both the geographic market in which the transaction occurs and the Company s payment agreements with specific customers. In the event that the Company s evaluation of a customer s business prospects and financial condition indicate
 that the customer presents a collectability risk, the Company will modify terms of sale, which may require payment in advance of performance. At the time of adoption, the Company elected the practical expedient allowed under ASC Topic 606 Revenue
 from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 that permits the Company not to adjust a contract s promised amount of consideration to reflect a financing component when the period between when the Company transfers control of goods or services to
 customers and when the Company is paid is one year or less.

58 

Table of Contents 

ROU Assets Finance Leases 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Lease Liabilities Operating Leases 

Accrued liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Lease Liabilities Finance Leases 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Long-term debt 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 and thereafter 

Total lease payments

Imputed interest

Lease liabilities

Short-term lease costs

Variable lease costs

Interest on finance lease 

Amortization of ROU assets

59 

Table of Contents 

Finance leases

Operating cash flows used for finance leases

Financing cash flows used for finance leases

ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations

60 

Table of Contents 

million shares. On March 16, 2023, at its annual meeting of shareholders,
 the shareholders of Photronics, Inc., approved amendments to the Plan to increase the number of shares available for issuance by an additional 
 million shares, thereby increasing the shares available for issuance under the Plan from million to million. Awards may be granted to officers, employees, directors, consultants, advisors, and independent contractors of Photronics or its
 subsidiaries. In the event of a change in control (as defined in the Plan) or at the discretion of the compensation committee; the vesting of awards may be accelerated. The Plan, aspects of which are more fully described below, prohibits further awards from being issued under prior plans. 

Selling, general, and administrative

Research and development

Total expense incurred

Expense by award type: 

Restricted stock awards 

Stock options 

Employee stock purchase plan 

Total expense incurred 

Income tax benefits of share-based compensation 

executives
 from the Company and in accordance with the terms of their separation agreements, previously granted time-vesting restricted stock awards accelerated vesting. The Company accounted for the effects of the accelerated vesting of these stock awards as
 a modification, and recognized million of incremental stock-based compensation for the acceleration of restricted stock awards,
 within selling, general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended October 31, 2024. 

. The fair values of the awards are determined on the date of grant, based on the closing stock price of the Company s common stock. 

Granted

Vested

Cancelled

Outstanding at October 31, 2024 

Expected to vest as of October 31, 2024

Weighted-average grant-date fair value of awards (in dollars per share)

Compensation costs not yet recognized 

Weighted-average amortization period (in years) 

Fair value of awards for which restrictions lapsed

Shares outstanding at balance sheet date 

and have a contractual term. All incentive and non-qualified stock option grants must have an exercise price no less than the market value of the underlying
 common stock on the date of grant. The grant-date fair values of options are based on closing prices of the Company s common stock on the dates of grant and are calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expected volatility is based on
 the historical volatility of the Company s common stock. The Company uses historical option exercise behavior and employee termination data to estimate expected term, which represents the period of time that options granted are expected to remain
 outstanding. The risk-free rate of return for the estimated term of an option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the date of grant.

61 

Table of Contents 

Granted

Exercised

Cancellations,
 forfeitures, and adjustments

Outstanding at
 October 31, 2024 

years

Exercisable at
 October 31, 2024 

years

Expected to vest as
 of October 31, 2024 

- years

Total intrinsic value of options exercised

Cash received from option exercises

Compensation cost not yet recognized 

Weighted-average amortization period for cost not yet recognized (in years) 

- 

- 

of the lower of the closing market price at the commencement or ending date of the Plan year
 (which is approximately from the commencement date). The Company recognizes the ESPP expense over that same period. As of
 October 31, 2024, the maximum number of shares of common stock approved by the Company s shareholders to be purchased under the ESPP was 
 million shares, of which approximately million shares had been issued through October 31, 2024. As of October 31, 2024, there is
 unrecognized compensation cost of million. 

of service and are years of age or older. Under the terms of the 401(k) Plan, employees may contribute up to of
 their salary, subject to certain maximum amounts, which will be matched by the Company at of the employee s contributions that are up
 to of the employee s compensation. Employee and employer contributions vest immediately upon contribution. The total employer
 contributions for all of the Company s defined contribution plans were million, million and million in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

Foreign

62 

Table of Contents 

State

Foreign

Deferred:

Federal

State

Foreign

Total

Changes in valuation allowance

Foreign rate differential

Tax credits

Uncertain tax positions, including reserves, settlements and resolutions

Other, net

Income tax provision 

63 

Table of Contents 

Non-U.S. pre-tax income being taxed at higher statutory rates in non-U.S. jurisdictions, the establishment of uncertain tax positions in
 non-U.S. jurisdiction and loss jurisdiction pre-tax losses not being benefited due to valuation allowances. 

2023

Non-U.S. pre-tax income being taxed at higher statutory rates in non-U.S. jurisdictions, the establishment of uncertain tax positions in
 non-U.S. jurisdiction and loss jurisdiction pre-tax losses not being benefited due to valuation allowances. 

2022

Non-U.S. pre-tax income being taxed at higher statutory rates in non-U.S. jurisdictions; and the establishment of uncertain tax positions in non-U.S. jurisdiction. 

64 

Table of Contents 

Reserves not currently deductible

Tax credit carryforwards

Share-based compensation

Property, plant and equipment

Research intangibles 

Lease liabilities 

Valuation allowances

Deferred income tax liabilities 

ROU assets 

Other 

Net deferred income tax assets

Classification 

Deferred income tax assets

Other liabilities

65 

Table of Contents 

2030 -Indefinite

State

2025 -Indefinite

Foreign

2025 - 2034 

2025 - 2044 

Federal 48D credit 

2043 - 2044 

State

2025 - 2038 

(Reductions) additions of tax positions in prior years

Additions based on current year tax positions

Settlements

Lapses of statutes of limitations

Balance at end of year before interest and penalties

Interest and penalties

Balance at end of year including interest and penalties

66 

Table of Contents 

Accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions

million. Resolution of these uncertain tax positions may result from either or both the lapses of statutes of limitations and tax settlements. The
 Company is no longer subject to tax authority examinations in the U.S., major foreign, or state tax jurisdictions for years prior to fiscal year 2019.

Income tax refunds received

Effect of dilutive securities

Earnings used for diluted earnings per share

Weighted-average common shares outstanding:

Basic

Effect of dilutive securities:

Share-based payment awards

Potentially dilutive common shares

Weighted-average common shares-Diluted

Earnings per share: 

Net Income attributable to Photronics shareholders - Basic

Net Income attributable to Photronics shareholders - Diluted

67 

Table of Contents 

Total potentially dilutive shares excluded

as of October 31, 2024. The amounts below do not include the Company s
 commitments under the Company s debt and lease arrangements, which are presented in Notes 8 and 11, respectively.

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter

Total

68 

Table of Contents 

for the years ended October 31, 2024, and October 31, 2023.

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Other comprehensive (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests

Balance at October 31, 2024

Other comprehensive income (loss)

Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests

Balance at October 31, 2023

Customer B

69 

Table of Contents 

Customer B

Customer C 

Europe and Other

United States

Korea

Taiwan

million, million and million, in 2024, 2023, and 2022,
 respectively. As of October 31, 2024, and October 31, 2023, the Company had accounts receivable of million and million, respectively, from this customer.

70 

Table of Contents 

Time deposits

Money market funds 

Total

million of its common stock, pursuant to a repurchase plan under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Act. The repurchase authorization by the Board of Directors has no expiration date, does not obligate us to acquire any
 common stock, and is subject to market conditions. Share repurchases under this authorization commenced on . The most recent 10b5-1 plan expired on , and has not been renewed. In 2022, we repurchased 
 million shares at a cost of million (an average of per share) and, since the program s inception, we have repurchased million shares at a cost
 of million (an average of 
 per share). All shares repurchased under the program have been retired prior to the end of the fiscal year in which they were purchased. On August 28, 2024, the Board of Directors authorized an increase to the Company s existing share repurchase program from the
 remaining million up to million
 under the Board of Director authorization. In 2024, we did t repurchase any further shares as part of this program. 

Cost of shares repurchased

Average price paid per share

71 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of October 31, 2024. We have established and
 currently maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the
 Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our
 chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and
 procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost- benefit relationship of
 possible controls and procedures. Based on an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of October 31, 2024, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and
 procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level.

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and
 with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting based on criteria
 established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
 that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2024, based on the criteria set forth by the COSO. Management, under the supervision and with the participation
 of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of October 31, 2024.

The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has audited the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2024, as stated in
 their report on page 71 of this Form 10-K.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

72 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Photronics, Inc.

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Photronics, Inc., and subsidiaries (the Company as of October 31, 2024, based on
 criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
 (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended October 31, 2024, of
 the Company and our report dated December 18, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the
 accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered
 with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial
 reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating
 effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
 and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
 of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
 that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP

Boston, Massachusetts

December 18, 2024

73 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION

.

ITEM 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION

Not applicable.

PART III

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The information as to Directors required by Items 401, 405 and 407(c)(3)(d)(4) and (d)(5) of Regulation S-K is set forth in our 2024 Definitive Proxy Statement which will be filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K under the caption PROPOSAL 1 - ELECTION OF DIRECTORS, DELINQUENT SECTION 16(A) REPORTS and
 in the third paragraph under the caption MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD , and is incorporated in this report by reference. The information as to Executive Officers is included in our 2024 Definitive Proxy Statement under the
 caption EXECUTIVE OFFICERS and is incorporated in this report by reference.

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, chief financial officer or principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. A copy of the code of ethics may be
 obtained, free of charge, by writing to the Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary of Photronics, Inc. at 15 Secor Road, Brookfield, Connecticut 06804.

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information required by Item 402 of Regulation S-K and paragraph (e)(4) and (e)(5) of Item 407 is set forth in our 2024 Definitive Proxy Statement under the captions EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION , CERTAIN
 AGREEMENTS , DIRECTORS COMPENSATION , COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION and COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION , respectively, and is incorporated in this report by reference.

74 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K is set forth in our 2024 Definitive Proxy Statement under the caption EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION and is incorporated in this report by
 reference. The information required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K is set forth in our 2024 Definitive Proxy Statement under the caption OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK BY DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS , and is
 incorporated in this report by reference.

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The information required by Items 404 and Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K is set forth in our 2024 Definitive Proxy Statement under the captions MEETINGS AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD and RELATED PARTY
 TRANSACTIONS , respectively, and is incorporated in this report by reference.

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The information required by Item 9(e) of Rule 14a-101 of the Exchange Act is set forth in our 2024 Definitive Proxy Statement under the captions Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and
 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT , and is incorporated in this report by reference.

75 

Table of Contents 

PART IV

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

The following documents are filed as part of this report:

Page

 No.

1.

Financial Statements: See INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for a list of financial statements filed as part of this report. 

37 

2.

Financial Statement Schedules

All schedules are omitted because they are immaterial or not applicable.

3.

Exhibit Index 

77

76 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Incorporated by Reference

Filed or

 Furnished

 Herewith

Exhibit

 Number

Description

Form

Exhibit

Filing

 Date

3.1 

Certificate of Incorporation as amended July 9, 1986, April 9, 1990, March 16, 1995, November 13, 1997, April 15, 2002 and June 20, 2005

10-K

3.1

12/23/2019

3.2 

Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company dated as of September 7, 2016

8-K

3.2

9/13/2016

4.1 

Description of Securities of the Company

10-K

4.1

12/23/2019

4.2 

Certificate of Amendment with Respect to Series A Preferred Stock, dated September 24, 2019

8-K

3.1

9/24/2019

10.1 

The Company s 1992 Employee Stock Purchase Plan

10-K

10.1

12/20/2017

10.2 

Amendment to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan as of March 24, 2004 + 

10-K

10.2

1/6/2017

10.3 

Amendment to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan as of April 8, 2010 + 

10-K

10.4

1/7/2016

10.4 

Amendment to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan as of March 28, 2012 + 

10-K

10.4

12/21/2018

10.5 

Amendment to the Employee Stock Plan as of December 18, 2019 + 

10-K

10.5

12/23/2019

10.6 

2016 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan + 

DEF 14A

2/29/2016

10.7 

Amendment to the 2016 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan

8-K

10.1

3/21/2023

10.8 

The Company s 2007 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan + 

10-K

10.9 

2/23/2007

10.9 

Amendment to the 2007 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan as of April 8, 2010 + 

10-K

10.7 

1/7/2016 

10.10 

Amendment to the 2007 Long Term Equity Incentive Plan as of April 11, 2014 + 

10-K

10.8 

1/6/2015 

10.11 

2011 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan effective as of November 1, 2010 + 

10-K

10.9 

1/6/2015 

10.12 

Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement

10-K

10.12

12/26/2023

10.13 

Joint Venture Operating Agreement dated November 20, 2013, between the Company and Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd.

10-K

10.20

12/26/2023

10.14 

Outsourcing Agreement dated November 20, 2013, among the Company, Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd and Photronics Semiconductor Mask Corporation

10-K

10.21

12/26/2023

10.15 

License Agreement dated November 20, 2013, between the Company and Photronics Semiconductor Mask Corporation # 

10-K

10.22

12/26/2023

77 

Table of Contents 

10.16 

Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Christopher J. Progler, Vice President, Chief Technology Officer dated September 10, 2007 + 

10-K

10.18

12/23/2019

10.17 

Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and Richelle E. Burr dated May 21, 2010 + 

10-K

10.30

1/7/2016

10.18 

Executive Employment Agreement between the Company and John P. Jordan dated September 5, 2017 + 

10-K

10.31

12/20/2017

10.19 

Employment Agreement dated March 9, 2020, between Photronics Dai Nippon Mask Corporation, Photronics and Frank Lee

10-Q

10.36

3/11/2020

10.20 

Form of Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement dated March 16, 2012+

10-K

10.23

12/23/2019

10.21 

Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 27, 2018, among Photronics, Inc. the Foreign Subsidiary Borrower Party Thereto, the Lender Party Thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Administrative and
 Collateral Agent and Bank of America, N.A. as syndication agent

10-K

10.24

12/21/2018

10.22 

Third Amended and Restated Security Agreement entered into as of September 27, 2018, by and among Photronics, Inc., the subsidiaries of the Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A

10-K

10.25

12/21/2018

10.23 

Fixed Asset Loan Agreement between Photronics DNP Mask Corporation Xiamen and Industrial and Commercial Bank China Limited Xiamen Xiang an Branch

10-K

10.26

12/21/2018

10.24 

Working Capital Loan Agreement between Industrial and Commercial Bureau China Limited Xiamen Xiang an Branch and Photronics DNP Mask Corporation Xiamen effective as of November 7, 2018

10-K

10.27

12/21/2018

10.26 

Investment Agreement between Xiamen Torch Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone Management Committee and Photronics Singapore Pte. Ltd.

10-Q

10.35

9/2/2016

10.27 

Amendment No. 1 to the Investment Agreement between Xiamen Torch Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone Management Committee and Photronics Singapore Pte, Ltd. #

10-K

10.29

12/23/2019

10.28 

Amendment No. 2 to the Investment Agreement between Xiamen Torch Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone, People s Government of Xiang an Xiamen, Photronics Singapore Pte. Ltd.,
 DNP Asia Pacific Pte and Xiamen American Japan Photronics Mask Co., Ltd. # 

10-Q

10.41

3/10/2022

10.29 

Amendment No. 3 to the Investment Agreement between Xiamen Torch Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone, People s Government of Xiang an Xiamen, Photronics Singapore Pte. Ltd., DNP Asia Pacific Pte and Xiamen American Japan
 Photronics Mask Co., Ltd. #

10-Q

10.42

3/10/2022 

78 

Table of Contents 

10.30 

Joint Venture Operating Agreement dated May 16, 2017, among Photronics, Photronics Singapore, DNP, and DNP Asia Pacific

10-Q/A

10.27

12/19/2017

10.31 

Outsourcing Agreement dated May 16, 2017, among Photronics, DNP, Photronics DNP Photomask Corporation PDMC and PDMCX

10-Q

10.28

6/8/2017

10.32 

Amended and Restated License Agreement dated May 16, 2017 between DNP and PDMC#

10-Q/A

10.29

12/19/2017

10.33 

Investment Cooperation Agreement between Hefei State Hi-tech Industry Development Zone and Photronics UK, Ltd.

10-K

10.42

12/20/2017

10.34 

Master Lease Agreement dated October 12, 2020, between TD Equipment Finance and the Company

10-K

10.38

1/15/2021

10.35 

Master Lease Agreement Dated September 5, 2019 between Bank of America and the Company

10-Q

10.28

9/5/2019

10.36 

Fixed Asset Loan Contract dated October 1, 2020, between Hefei Photronics Mask Corporation and China Construction Bank Corporation

10-K

10.39

1/15/2021

10.37 

Maximum Mortgage Contract dated October 1, 2020 between Photronics Mask Corporation Hefei and China Construction Bank Corporation Hefei Shushan Branch

10-K

10.40

1/15/2021

10.38 

Separation Agreement and General Release between Photronics, Inc. and John Jordan dated February 23, 2024

8-K

10.1

1/23/2024

10.39 

Separation Agreement, General Release, and Consulting Agreement, dated September 30, 2024 between Photronics Inc, and Richelle Burr

8-K

10.1

10/4/2024

19 

Insider Trading Policy

10-K

19

12/26/2023

21 

List of Subsidiaries of the Company

10-K

21

X

23.1 

Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

10-K

23.1

X

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

10-K

31.1

X

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

10-K

32.2

X

32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

10-K

32.1

X

32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

10-K

32.2

X

79 

Table of Contents 

97 

Compensation Recovery Policy effective October 2, 2023

10-K

97

12/26/2023

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does

 not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags

 are embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

10-K

101.INS

X

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

10-K

101.SCH

X

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

10-K

101.CAL

X

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

10-K

101.DEF 

X

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

10-K

101.LAB 

X

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

10-K

101.PRE 

X

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in, Exhibit 101)

X

+ 

Represents a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

#

Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

The Company will provide a copy of any exhibit upon receipt of a written request for the particular exhibit or exhibits desired. All requests should be addressed to the Company s Vice President, General
 Counsel and Corporate Secretary at the address of the Company s principal executive offices.

ITEM 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY

Not applicable.

80 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

PHOTRONICS, INC.

(Registrant)

By

/s/ Eric Rivera

Eric Rivera

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer / Principal Accounting Officer)

December 18, 2024

Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

By

/s/ Frank Lee

December 18, 2024

Frank Lee

Chief Executive Officer

Director

(Principal Executive Officer)

By

/s/ Eric Rivera

December 18, 2024

Eric Rivera

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer / Principal Accounting Officer)

By

/s/ Constantine S. Macricostas

December 18, 2024

Constantine S. Macricostas

Chairman of the Board

By 

/s/ Walter M. Fiederowicz

December 18, 2024

Walter M. Fiederowicz

Director

81 

Table of Contents 

By

/s/ Adam Lewis

December 18, 2024

Adam Lewis

Director

By

/s/ Daniel Liao

December 18, 2024

Daniel Liao

Director 

By

/s/ George Macricostas

December 18, 2024

George Macricostas

Director 

By

/s/ Mary Paladino

December 18, 2024

Mary Paladino

Director

By 

/s/ Mitchell G. Tyson

December 18, 2024

Mitchell G. Tyson

Director 

<EX-21>
 2
 ef20035608_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF PHOTRONICS, INC. 

State or Jurisdiction of

 Incorporation or

 Organization

Align-Rite International, Ltd.

(United Kingdom)

Photronics (Wales) Limited

(United Kingdom)

Photronics Idaho, Inc.

(Idaho, USA)

Photronics Texas Allen, Inc.

(Texas, USA)

Photronics MZD, GmbH

(Germany)

Photronics Advanced Mask Corporation

(Taiwan, R.O.C.)

Photronics DNP Mask Corporation (1) 

(Taiwan, R.O.C.)

PDMC Shanghai, Ltd.

(Shanghai, P.R.C.)

Photronics Singapore Pte, Ltd.

(Singapore)

Xiamen American Japan Photronics Mask Co., Ltd. (1) 

(Xiamen, P.R.C.)

Photronics UK, Ltd.

(United Kingdom)

Photronics Mask Corporation Hefei (2) 

(Hefei, P.R.C.)

Photronics Korea, Ltd.

(Republic of Korea)

Photronics Mask Corporation Hefei (2) 

(Hefei, P.R.C.)

Taichung Photronics Photomask Co., Ltd.

(Taiwan, R.O.C.)

Note: Entities directly owned by subsidiaries of Photronics, Inc. are indented and listed below their immediate parent. Ownership is 100 unless otherwise indicated.

(1) 

50.01 owned by Photronics, Inc. and 49.99 owned by Dai Nippon Printing Co., Ltd.

(2) 

64.00 owned by Photronics UK, Ltd. and 36.00 owned by Photronics Cheonan Co., Ltd.

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ef20035608_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-252486,
 333-217676, and 333-276268 on Form S-8 of our report dated December 18, 2024 , relating to the consolidated financial statements of Photronics, Inc., and the
 effectiveness of Photronics, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2024. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP

 Boston, Massachusetts

 December 18, 2024

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ef20035608_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

I, Frank Lee, certify that:

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Photronics, Inc. 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
 recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
 likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting. 

/s/ FRANK LEE

Frank Lee 

Chief Executive Officer 

Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

December 18, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ef20035608_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2

I, Eric Rivera, certify that:

1. 

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Photronics, Inc. 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
 recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
 likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting. 

/s/ ERIC RIVERA

Eric Rivera 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer / Principal Accounting Officer)

December 18, 2024

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ef20035608_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1

Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer

I, Frank Lee, Chief Executive Officer of Photronics, Inc. (the Company ), certify, to my knowledge, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C.
 Section 1350, that:

(1) 

The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
 Company. 

The foregoing certification is being furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise
 subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by
 reference.

/s/ FRANK LEE

Frank Lee 

Chief Executive Officer 

Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

December 18, 2024

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ef20035608_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2

Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer

I, Eric Rivera, Chief Financial Officer of Photronics, Inc. (the Company ), certify, to my knowledge, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18
 U.S.C. Section 1350, that:

(1) 

The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
 Company. 

The foregoing certification is being furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise
 subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by
 reference.

/s/ ERIC RIVERA

Eric Rivera 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer / Principal Accounting Officer) 

December 18, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 plab-20241031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 plab-20241031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 plab-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 plab-20241031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 plab-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

