<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241217_10-K_edgar_data_1500198_0001213900-24-109524.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6962558</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>478487</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1581243</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1640965</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1536170</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1535596</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-109524.hdr.sgml : 20241217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241217082919
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-109524
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001500198
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				270863354
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40439
		FILM NUMBER:		241553724

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7599 ANAGRAM DR
		CITY:			EDEN PRAIRIE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55344
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(952) 426-1383

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7599 ANAGRAM DR
		CITY:			EDEN PRAIRIE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55344

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Original Source Entertainment, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100830

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-109524.txt : 20241217

10-K
 1
 ea0224514-10k_neuroon.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, DC 20549 

Form

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______ to ______ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

- 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registration
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatement that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by an of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As of March 28, 2024, the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of shares of the registrant s common
stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based upon the March 28, 2024 price at which the common equity was last sold was 
million. The number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock as of December 13, 2024 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I. 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 27 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 57 
 
 ITEM 1C. 
 CYBERSECURITY 
 
 57 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 57 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 57 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 57 

PART II 
 
 58 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 58 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 
 58 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 
 
 59 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 70 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 F-1 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 71 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 71 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 72 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 72 

PART III 
 
 73 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 73 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 73 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS 
 
 73 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 73 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 73 

PART IV 
 
 74 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 74 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 77 

SIGNATURES 
 
 78 

i 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM
10-K 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Unless
the context requires otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report or Report to we, us, the Company and our refer to NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation
(the Company ). 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are
contained principally in the sections entitled Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations and Business, but are also contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. In some
cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the words may, might, will, could, 
 would, should, expect, intend, plan, objective, anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, predict, project, potential, target, 
 seek, contemplate, continue and ongoing, or the negative of these terms, or other
comparable terminology intended to identify statements about the future. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from
the information expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each
forward-looking statement contained in this Annual Report, we caution you that these statements are based on a combination of facts and
factors currently known by us and our expectations of the future, about which we cannot be certain. Forward-looking statements include
statements about: 

our
 ability to maintain regulatory clearance of our products and technology; 

our
 ability to successfully commercialize our technology in the United States; 

our
 ability to achieve or sustain profitability; 

our
 ability to raise additional capital and to fund our operations; 

our
 ability to access available, additional capital on terms acceptable to us at all or when
 needed; 

the
 clinical utility of our cortical strip, grid and depth electrode including technology under
 development; 

our
 ability to develop additional applications of our products and technology with the benefits
 we hope to offer as compared to existing technology, or at all; 

the
 results of our development and distribution relationship with Zimmer, Inc. Zimmer and other future partnerships and collaborations; 

the
 performance, productivity, reliability and regulatory compliance of our third party manufacturers
 of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology; 

our
 ability to develop future generations of our products and technology; 

our
 future development priorities; 

our
 ability to obtain reimbursement coverage for our cortical strip, grid and depth electrode
 technology; 

our
 expectations about the willingness of healthcare providers to recommend our cortical strip,
 grid and depth electrode technology to people with epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia,
 essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological
 disorders; 

our
 future commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capabilities and strategy; 

our
 ability to comply with applicable regulatory requirements; 

ii 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM
10-K 

our
 ability to maintain our intellectual property position; 

our
 expectations regarding international opportunities for commercializing our cortical strip,
 grid and depth electrode technology under including technology under development; 

our
 estimates regarding the size of, and future growth in, the market for our technology, including
 technology under development; and 

our
 estimates regarding our future expenses and needs for additional financing. 

Forward-looking
statements are based on management s current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our business and the industry
in which we operate, and management s beliefs and assumptions are not guarantees of future performance or development and involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are in some cases beyond our control. You should refer to the Risk
Factors section of this Annual Report for a discussion of important factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially
from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report will prove to be accurate. Furthermore, if our forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the
inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these
statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time
frame, or at all. 

These
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update
or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. You should, however,
review the factors and risks and other information we describe in the reports we will file from time to time with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC after the date of this Annual Report. 

iii 

NeuroOne
 Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM
10-K 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We
are a medical technology company focused on (i) diagnostic, ablation and deep brain stimulation technology for brain related conditions
such as epilepsy and Parkinson s disease; (ii) ablation and stimulation for pain management throughout the body; and (iii) drug
delivery including diagnostic and stimulation capabilities. 

We
are developing and commercializing thin film electrode technology for continuous electroencephalogram cEEG and stereoelectrocencephalography sEEG ), spinal cord stimulation, brain stimulation, drug delivery and ablation solutions for patients suffering from epilepsy,
Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other pain-related neurological
disorders. The Company is also developing the capability to use its sEEG electrode technology to deliver drugs or gene therapy while
being able to record brain activity before, during, and after delivery. Additionally, we are investigating the potential applications
of its technology associated with artificial intelligence. 

We
have received 510(k) clearance for three of our devices from the Food and Drug Administration FDA ), including: (i) our
Evo cortical electrode technology for recording, monitoring, and stimulating brain tissue for up to 30 days, (ii) our Evo sEEG electrode
technology for temporary (less than 30 days) use with recording, monitoring, and stimulation equipment for the recording, monitoring,
and stimulation of electrical signals at the subsurface level of the brain, and (iii) our OneRF ablation system for creation of radiofrequency
lesions in nervous tissue for functional neurosurgical procedures. We have a distribution agreement with Zimmer, Inc. Zimmer providing Zimmer with a license to commercialize and distribute these three products in the brain. The Company s other products
and indications are still under development. 

Products

We
are focused on developing thin film electrode technology for continuous electroencephalogram cEEG and stereoelectroencephalography sEEG recording. These cortical sheet and depth electrode technologies are crucial for diagnosing neurological disorders
such as epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, and other related conditions. 

Diagnostic,
ablation and deep brain stimulation technology for brain related conditions such as epilepsy and Parkinson s disease 

cEEG
 Recording : This involves a continuous recording of the brain s electrical activity to
 identify irregularities. The procedure requires a craniotomy, an invasive surgical method,
 to access the brain. cEEG is a continuous recording of the electrical activity of the brain
 that identifies the location of irregular brain activity, which information is required for
 proper treatment. 

sEEG
 Recording : A less invasive technique where electrodes are placed in targeted brain areas
 by drilling small holes through the skull. 

Radio
 Frequency RF Ablation : This procedure uses radiofrequency to target and
 destroy brain tissue. The process involves delivering energy to the contacts, thereby heating
 them, forming scar tissue (instead of tissue removal). Known as brain lesioning, it causes
 irreversible lesions. We are also developing an ablation system for performing ablations in the face to treat debilitating facial pain
attributed to the trigeminal nerve. We intend to submit this system for a 510(k) clearance in the first half of 2025. 

Deep
 Brain Stimulation DBS ), under development : This therapy under our development
 involves activating or inhibiting the brain with electrical impulses delivered by electrodes
 placed on the surface or implanted deeper in the brain via depth electrodes. Introduced in
 1987, DBS is used to treat disorders like Parkinson s disease, essential tremor, dystonia,
 and chronic pain. Unlike ablative technologies, DBS effects are reversible. 

1 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM
10-K 

Drug
delivery including diagnostic and stimulation capabilities 

Future
 neurological drugs delivery : We are also researching and developing the capability to
 use our sEEG electrode technology to deliver drugs or gene therapy while being able to record
 brain activity before, during, and after delivery. This future device is intended to deliver
 neurological drugs or gene therapy that are FDA approved or that are currently planned for
 clinical trials or in development to allow for monitoring, recording and stimulation and
 drug delivery for less than 30 days. In addition to having the capability of delivering a
 drug through the center lumen, it will also be able to record brain activity before, during,
 and after drug delivery. FDA clearance is not required for clinical studies of our future
 neurological drug delivery technology, but we are pursuing 510(k) clearance with the FDA
 for use with an approved brain cancer drug. 

Ablation
and stimulation for pain management throughout the body 

Spinal
 Cord Stimulation SCS ), under development : This method under our development
 addresses chronic back pain from failed back surgery syndrome FBSS by placing
 electrodes in the spine connected to an implantable pulse generator. FBSS is a debilitating
 condition that affects patients who have undergone multiple unsuccessful back surgeries,
 who experience chronic lower back and leg pain, reduced quality of life, and significant
 functional limitations. 

We
completed an initial animal implant of novel thin film paddle leads for SCS, intended for treating chronic back pain. Our SCS system
utilizes thin-film paddle leads to deliver precise electrical stimulation to the spinal cord, blocking pain signals and providing relief
to patients with FBSS. During the second fiscal quarter of 2023, we achieved a significant milestone with the initial animal implant
of these novel leads. Additionally, we are developing a percutaneous delivery system for paddle leads, which has shown promising results
in bench testing. 

Furthermore,
we are pursuing the development of all-in-one solutions . We intend to expand our product offerings to include less
invasive means and all-in-one solutions, thus providing both patients and physicians better options to treat epilepsy, Parkinson s
disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other pain-related neurological disorders. 

We
believe that most of our future product development initiatives will involve unique and transformational next generation technology that
should drive further appeal of our products with both physicians and patients. 

Our
Market Opportunity 

Epilepsy
Market 

We
expect to initially target the diagnosis and treatment of epilepsy. Epilepsy can be caused by a variety of conditions that affect a person s
brain, some of which are: stroke, brain tumor, traumatic brain injury and central nervous system infections. According to the Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention (the CDC and Citizens United for Research in Epilepsy CURE ), there are
approximately 3,000,000 patients annually suffering with epilepsy in the United States, with an additional 200,000 diagnosed every year.
The CDC and CURE also estimate that epilepsy costs the United States 15.5 billion per year. Approximately 30-40 of these patients are
not receptive to pharmaceutical treatment and therefore are appropriate for surgical treatment of this disorder. In addition to poor
quality of life, epilepsy also is associated with fairly high mortality rates. Sudden Unexpected Death in Epilepsy has an annual incidence
of approximately 1/1000 in epilepsy patients. Despite the large market opportunity, it is estimated that there are only less than 5,000
epilepsy surgeries performed each year in the United States. 1 

These
numbers represent an underpenetrated market due to the invasiveness of diagnostic procedures. After the diagnostic procedure, a second
therapeutic procedure is required and at times even a third surgery if the seizures persist. We believe patients are unwilling to proceed
due to the long diagnostic and treatment procedure times (one to four weeks in the hospital after a potential craniotomy for diagnosis).
As detailed above, after the diagnosis is completed, if successful, the patient must undergo an additional procedure to have the affected
area of brain tissue ablated or removed. The average cost for the diagnostic technology per procedure could be > 10,000, with ablation
devices costing > 15,000. We believe our technology, once developed, will offer an all-in-one solution with diagnostic and therapeutic
capabilities. 

1 Epilepsy
 surgery in the United States: Analysis of data from the National Association of Epilepsy
 Centers 2015 Epilepsy Research. 

2 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM
10-K 

Many
leading neurologists believe that the limits of today s current technologies are the reason the exact affected area of the brain
causing epileptic seizures is not well-determined. We believe our technology provides a number of advantages over other commercially
available technologies, including the following: 

Our
 proprietary thin film technology has a smaller footprint with many more electrodes. 

We
 expect that our technology will eventually be able to be implanted using a minimally invasive
 procedure utilizing a dime sized burr hole rather than a full craniotomy. 

Our
 technology provides more accurate detection of irregular brain activity over other currently
 available technology. 

Parkinson s
Disease 

The
Parkinson s Disease Foundation estimates that as many as 1,000,000 patients in the United States live with Parkinson s disease
with an additional 60,000 patients diagnosed per year. Over 10,000,000 patients worldwide are living with Parkinson s disease.
There have not been any drugs introduced that have been effective at treating all patients with Parkinson s disease. The average
onset is over 60 years old, but some people have been diagnosed as young as 40 years old. Parkinson s is a disorder of the central
nervous system caused by loss of brain cells throughout various regions of the brain. 

Today s
primary treatment for Parkinson s disease involves medications that have not proven to be curative but rather ease symptoms. One
of the potential treatments for Parkinson s patients is DBS. According to the Michael J. Fox Parkinson s Disease Research
Foundation website, patients that seem to do best with DBS are those that have had the disease for at least four years and have benefited
from taking medications prescribed to control the disease. In addition, DBS seems to help with reducing the issues with motor functions
such as tremors, stiffness and slowness but not for balance issues. 

Essential
Tremors 

Essential
tremors are thought to be due to electrical irregularities in the brain that send abnormal signals to the muscles. It is a progressive
condition that worsens over time and is linked to genetic disorders that typically appear in people who are over 40. Essential tremors
usually occur alone and without any other neurological symptoms or signs. The tremors usually occur when the hands are raised and primarily
affect the hands. Muscles in the trunk, face and neck may also experience symptoms. Sometimes misdiagnosed as Parkinson s disease,
essential tremors are an involuntary rhythmic shaking of the hands that is not present at rest. It is apparent during activities such
as drinking, writing and eating. Symptoms can worsen due to stress, anxiety, smoking, caffeine, fatigue, etc. Genetics Home Reference
estimates that as many as 10,000,000 people in the United States are affected by the disease. Treatments for the disease include medical
therapy and DBS. DBS, which unlike other therapies, is reversible and programmable, helping to adjust the settings to maximize patient
benefit. Similar to Parkinson s disease, the ability to detect this irregular brain activity before it causes a tremor is highly
desirable. 

Dystonia 

Dystonia
is a neurological condition recognized as a motion disorder that involves over activity of a variety of different muscles simultaneously
that work against each other. It presents itself in a variety of symptoms but typically involves repetitive, patterned and often twisting
involuntary muscle contractions resembling tremors. According to the Dystonia Medical Research Foundation, over 300,000 people are affected
in the United States and Canada alone. Dystonia is the third most common problem seen in movement disorder clinics. Because it has many
different manifestations, it is often misdiagnosed. In addition, similar to Parkinson s disease, there are no specific tests that
can positively diagnose dystonia. A doctor typically will evaluate patient and family history, potentially do genetic testing, electroencephalogram EEG testing, blood and urine tests. There are several treatment options (including medication and Botox) for patients
depending on the type of dystonia. DBS may be also an alternative for certain patient sub-types. 

3 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Spinal
Cord Stimulation 

Chronic
back pain is one of the most prevalent chronic conditions in the world. According to the CDC, in 2016, an estimated 20.4 of U.S.
adults had chronic pain and 8.0 of U.S. adults had high-impact chronic pain. Chronic pain has been linked to numerous physical and mental
conditions and contributes to high health care costs and lost productivity . FBSS is one of leading causes for chronic lower back/leg
pain due to one or more failed back surgeries. Typically, it is related to patients that suffer with pain after surgery of the lumbar
spine for degenerative disc disease. Re-operations are usually not recommended for these patients due to low success rates. These patients
experience greater levels of pain, a lower quality of life, varying levels of disability and higher rate of unemployment. Spinal cord
stimulation works by placing an electrode(s) in a targeted area of the spine which is then connected to an implantable pulse generator
that sends electrical stimulation to the electrode to block the pain signals from reaching the brain. The global market for SCS is substantial,
with an estimated value of approximately 2.5 to 3 billion. 

The
back pain market includes the following indications: FBSS, Ischemic Limb Pain, and Complex Regional Pain Syndrome. Over half of this
market is comprised of patients with FBSS. Studies have indicated a benefit for some patients suffering from chronic back and lower limb
pain when they have been treated with electrical stimulation. Prior to the patient receiving an implant, they undergo a trial period
that allows them to determine if they are receiving relief from the therapy while preventing a surgery to implant the pulse generator
that provides the stimulation. If the trial period is successful, then the device is implanted in a follow-up procedure. 

Artificial
Intelligence 

The
brain consists of approximately 100 billion nerve cells, which are small wires that pass electrical signals to control all of its functions.
There have been a number of successful clinical trials in which small metal wires, known as electrodes, are implanted in the brain to
correct nerve damage using wireless communication between implanted wires to simulate functional nerve cells. In addition to correcting
damaged nerve cells, certain scientists have theorized that if millions of wires could be implanted in the brain, these electrodes could
present an opportunity to use artificial intelligence to create infrared sight, increase hearing or perfect memory recall. However, there
currently is no commercially available manufacturing platform capable of making thousands of wires that can be placed within or on the
brain and work reliably for the lifetime of a subject, and are soft enough to match the tissue of the brain, that avoid damage to the
brain. 

Limitations
of Other Currently Available Therapies 

There
are a limited number of currently available products for diagnosis and treatment for people with neurological disorders such as epilepsy.
Although the currently available systems provide diagnosis and treatment for patients, they have certain inherent limitations and shortcomings
that we believe limit their use and validate the need for improved technology in the market. These limitations include: 

Lengthy
 diagnostic times : It takes several months for patients to go through the various phases
 of diagnostic methods, including imaging and non-invasive EEGs. If the source of seizures
 are still unknown, patients spend one to four weeks in the hospital after interventional
 diagnostic procedures (cortical and/or sEEG implants) waiting to have seizures that will
 allow doctors to determine where the seizures are occurring. 

Lower
 Accuracy : Historically, clinical electrode manufacturers primarily provided electrodes
 that sample brain tissue at approximately centimeter spatial scales. Advances in digital
 EEG acquisition have made recordings at sub-millimeter spatial scales possible, but high-spatial
 resolution EEG has been slow to impact clinical practice. Existing, higher spatial scales
 increase the potential for missing data that may be critical in the removal of brain tissue
 causing the irregular activity. 

Need
 to perform a full craniotomy (invasiveness) : Currently available cortical electrode technology
 is typically placed after a craniotomy, which may require removing the top part of the cranium
 and is a very painful and invasive procedure. Procedural times for a craniotomy can be as
 high as eight hours. A variety of complications can occur when a full craniotomy is performed,
 including but not limited to: stroke, bleeding, infection, seizures, swelling of the brain
 (which may require a second craniotomy), nerve damage, which may cause muscle paralysis or
 weakness, cerebrospinal fluid leak, which may require repair, loss of mental functions and
 permanent brain damage with associated disabilities. The invasiveness, procedural times and
 possible surgical complications have limited the growth of surgical treatment of epilepsy. 

4 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Requirement
 for multiple devices for diagnostic and therapeutic procedures : Today both interventional
 diagnostic and treatment procedures may require different device implants, surgeries and
 even hospitalizations for each procedure. This causes significant patient inconvenience,
 use of precious hospital resources and tremendous cost to the system. 

Limited
 number of contacts on an electrode : Paddle electrodes currently are available in a variety
 of sizes and number of contacts. Physicians increasingly want to explore greater number of
 contacts on the same electrode in order to be able to be more precise in stimulating targeted
 areas. 

Our
Solution 

As
a result of the inherent limitations and inconvenience of existing systems, we believe that there is a significant unmet need among people
with neurological disorders for cortical strip, grid and depth electrodes that provide diagnostic capabilities through cEEG and sEEG
recording in addition to therapeutic modalities, such as brain stimulation and ablation, offered as an all-in-one product. In comparison
to other currently available technologies, we are continuing to develop applications of our strip, grid and depth electrodes with the
goal of providing the following expected advantages: 

All-in-one
 diagnostic and therapeutic technology solution : Due to the expected recording and treatment
 capabilities of some of our technology under development, we have received feedback from
 physicians that they will attempt to perform the diagnosis and treatment in a single procedure,
 thereby potentially eliminating the need for a second surgical procedure, reducing the likelihood
 of patient infection, risks associated with surgical procedures and minimizing the diagnostic,
 procedural and hospital costs. As discussed under Our Strategy below, our initial
 product offering offers diagnostic-only capabilities while we advance the development of
 our all-in-one approach. Currently, we are preparing a combination recording, stimulation
 and RF ablation technology that will perform both diagnostic and therapeutic functions for
 commercialization. 

Percutaneous
 placement of spinal cord stimulation paddle electrodes with scalability options : Due
 to the thin film nature of our electrode technology, we believe that it may allow for percutaneous
 placement of paddle (flat) shaped electrodes, thereby preventing the need to
 use more invasive surgical approaches to place the electrodes. Minimally invasive and percutaneously
 placed technologies have become almost a requirement for adoption with patients and physicians.
 In addition, our technology in the future offers the ability to increase the number of contacts
 on a film that traditionally offers fewer contacts. Increasing the number of contacts may
 allow for more precise stimulation in the spine, potentially improving the therapeutic outcomes. 

Improved
 accuracy of diagnostic technologies : Because we believe our thin film technology is capable
 of recording at higher fidelity than current technologies used in EEG recording, we believe
 our technology may be able to more precisely determine the brain tissue causing seizures.
 In December 2020, we announced the first human commercial use of our Evo cortical electrode
 to perform recording, functional mapping, monitoring and stimulation of the brain. In the
 procedure, performed at the Mayo Clinic, our electrodes were used to record evidence of pre-seizure
 activity, which may be critical in developing treatments to prevent the onset of seizures.
 Since then, several institutions around the country have successfully tried and adopted our
 devices for diagnostic procedures. 

Automated
 manufacturing : Our electrode technology is cost competitive to its competitors due to
 the scalable, automated manufacturing process. This also increases the reliability and consistency
 of the manufacturing process, and allows for faster fulfillment of product. 

5 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Our
Strategy 

Our
goal is to be the global leader in cEEG and sEEG recording, monitoring, deep brain and peripheral stimulation and ablation, owning the
procedure from diagnosis through treatment. The key elements of our strategy include: 

Introduce
 cortical strip and grid electrodes for the diagnosis of epilepsy in United States : In
 December 2019, we announced that we received FDA 510(k) clearance to market our thin film
 cortical electrode technology for temporary (less than 30 days) recording, monitoring, and
 stimulation on the surface of the brain. In July 2020, we entered into a development relationship
 with Zimmer, pursuant to which we granted Zimmer exclusive global rights to distribute the
 cortical strip and grid electrodes (the Zimmer Distribution Agreement ).
 Zimmer actively promotes and sell these products. Based on physician feedback, we believe
 our technology is seen as a significant improvement for recording brain activity, particularly
 in epilepsy, an underserved market with a quick commercialization path. We are initially
 targeting epilepsy as we believe this is a clinical area of great need and a market that
 is underserved with a quick path to commercialization. The U.S. is our primary target due
 to a large market, strong reimbursement, robust pricing, and physician enthusiasm. To date,
 several institutions have already adopted our technology for diagnostic procedures. 

Launch
 electrodes for sEEG recording : On October 20, 2022, the Company received an FDA clearance
 to market its Evo sEEG electrode technology for temporary (less than 30 days) use with recording,
 monitoring, and stimulation equipment for the recording, monitoring, and stimulation of electrical
 signals at the subsurface level of the brain. Given the reluctance of patients to undergo
 epilepsy surgery due to its invasiveness, a number of epilepsy centers have adopted the use
 of depth electrodes, which are placed by drilling small holes into the patient s cranium,
 thereby avoiding a craniotomy. We believe our technology offers advantages compared to current
 depth electrode technology in the market and will also enable us to offer a therapeutic solution
 using this same technology in the future. As we continue to develop our technology, we plan
 to release further information about the expected advantages of our technology over currently
 available therapies. This product is covered under the Zimmer Distribution Agreement, and
 Zimmer actively promotes and commercializes our sEEG electrode technology. 

Launch
 our RF Ablation System : The OneRF Ablation System is the only FDA cleared radiofrequency
 ablation system in the United States for both diagnostic and therapeutic use. It has been
 used in a number of ablation cases since its limited launch in April 2024. Cases were reported
 as being successful using the same device to identify the brain tissue triggering seizure
 activity and ablate the targeted tissue to reduce or eliminate brain-related seizure activity.
 In addition, the technology has the potential to reduce hospital stays, number of surgeries
 and adverse events while offering temperature control to enhance patient safety. The devices
 are initially placed in the operating room. To date, all the ablations have been performed
 at the patient s bedside saving additional operating costs while allowing the patient
 to be diagnosed and treated in one hospitalization instead of multiple visits. In October
 2024, the Zimmer Distribution Agreement was expanded to include our OneRF Ablation System. We intend to submit a new 510(k) application for a facial pain ablation system which leverages the existing RF
ablation generator. 

Develop
 percutaneous placed electrodes for spinal cord and peripheral stimulation for pain management
 with scalable contact configurations : Given that many surgically placed technologies
 have become less invasive due to patient and physician demands, we believe that our flexible
 thin film technology will allow for percutaneous placement of paddle shaped
 electrodes, thus potentially eliminating the need to make a more invasive surgical procedure.
 Spinal cord clinical literature over the years have shown that paddle electrodes
 (flat shaped) require less energy for stimulation (thus saving neurostimulator battery life)
 and may be associated with lower revision rates over time. Even then, paddle 
 shaped electrodes are used less often due to the more invasive surgical procedure that is
 required for placement. But we hope to change that paradigm by creating paddle 
 electrodes that can be implanted percutaneously (less invasively) through a needle
 hole incision . By leveraging our existing FDA cleared cortical electrode and sEEG
 technology, we may also be able to offer the ability to improve precision of where the stimulation
 is delivered. NeuroOne s platform thin film technology has the capability to increase
 the number of contacts in a similar footprint that has fewer contacts. 

Gain
 approval for other brain or motor related disorders such as Parkinson s with the therapeutic
 technologies developed for epilepsy through partnership and collaborations with a strategic
 organizations in the field : While we are developing our technology for the diagnosis
 and treatment of epilepsy, we believe that our technology has strong application and utilization
 for other brain or motor related disorders such as Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential
 tremors and facial pain as these diseases are currently treated with DBS if medications are
 not effective. As previously mentioned, we are actively evaluating the potential to offer
 electrodes that can be implanted for long term stimulation applications, but such use will
 require that we pursue additional approvals from the FDA and any international regulatory
 bodies where we seek to commercialize our technology. 

6 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Explore
 partnerships with other companies that leverage our core technology : Given that our technology
 enables, complements and/or competes with a number of companies that are in the market or
 attempting to enter the market with diagnostic or therapeutic technologies to treat brain
 related disorders, we believe there may be opportunities to establish mutually beneficial
 relationships. In addition, our technology may have application in cardiovascular, orthopedic
 and pain related indications that could benefit from a high fidelity thin film electrode
 product that can provide stimulation and/or ablation therapies. 

Facilitating
 partnerships for drug delivery : Partner with biotech, pharmaceutical or biopharma companies
 to provide a drug delivery sEEG electrode capable of delivering the therapy and recording
 before, during and after the therapy is delivered for up to 30 days. 

Investigate
 the potential applications associated with artificial intelligence : We have been informed
 by some of our corporate advisors that the ability to offer scale-able electrode technology
 that can provide thousands of electrodes in the brain may be helpful in treating medical
 conditions that may benefit from using artificial intelligence. The Company has formed an
 advisory board that will provide guidance to the Company as we continue to explore the opportunities
 in this exciting field. 

Our
Technology 

Epilepsy
Mapping and Monitoring 

Epileptic
seizures occur when the neurons in the brain miscommunicate. This miscommunication typically results in involuntary muscle seizure activities
and/or periods of perceptual disconnect where the individual appears frozen. Modern medical science has advanced the treatment of epileptic
seizures by mapping the electrical communication activity of neurons and understanding their special orientation in the brain. This mapping
is accomplished by access to the cranium (through a craniotomy) and placing conductive contacts on the brain directly. The craniotomy
procedure is very invasive, traumatic to the surrounding tissue, results in high patient down time, and increases the risk of infection. 

We
seek to leverage scale-able technology and produce ultra-thin, or paper-thin electrodes that allow for high-resolution and high-definition
recordings, which would improve mapping resolution and signal acquisition. If the Company is able to leverage scale-able technology,
it would mean that our technology would be able to incorporate smaller electrodes and thereby increase the number of electrodes on a
given surface area. We expect that this would increase the imaging resolution so that brain activity is displayed in greater definition.
We also believe that the electrodes unique thinness and flexibility will provide a less invasive approach to electrode placement.
The electrodes would be able to be placed through a small quarter size hole instead of by an invasive full craniotomy procedure. 

The
images under Cortical Electrode, from bottom to top, are images of our cortical electrode strip, our grid electrode, and
the placement of the grid electrode on the brain, respectively. The images under High Density Interconnect are both images
of our product that connects our electrodes to the head box, which is a piece of hardware that connects to electrodes to acquire, amplify,
display, store and archive electrophysiological signals, and is integrated as part of our manufactured electrode product. The images
under Head Box and Signal Monitoring and Mapping are images of the device which processes information received
through the high density interconnect, and a sample output of data acquisition, respectively, neither of which is one of the Company s
products. 

7 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Our
technology consists of three primary types of cortical electrodes: grid electrodes, strip electrodes and dual-sided electrodes. These
electrodes have a patented design that utilizes proprietary processing and materials technology, which we believe will allow the electrodes
to have improved features over the current industry standard recording electrodes. 

What
sets our technology apart from others is the integration of state of the art design leveraging the latest in flexible printed circuit
technology. We believe our patented designs will provide the surgeon a higher tactile perspective on electrode placement allowing for
ultra-precise neuron recording. We expect the benefits of our electrode designs to include the ability to detect better defined margins
between healthy tissue and resect-able tissue, less immune-response from the brain and surrounding tissue, better signal acquisition
due to superior conformability of the electrode over the brain, improved flexibility that physicians have requested, which we expect
will enable a minimally invasive approach and the electrodes unique thinness that is unmatched by current products being used. 

The
Future of Neurology Mapping with NeuroOne 

We
seek to develop superior scale-able technology for future product system iterations in higher density contact placement.
This will open the doors to other brain related disease recording procedures by providing high fidelity, more accurate diagnostic capabilities
and also the ability to provide an all-in-one therapy capable of diagnosis, ablation and/or stimulation. Beyond the brain, we believe
our technology under development has applications in other neurological signal recording disease states related to voluntary or involuntary
motor neuron abnormalities, understanding sensory neuro behavior (pain), limb prosthetics and degenerative muscle disease. 

Clinical
Development and Regulatory Pathway 

Clinical
Experience, Future Development and Clinical Trial Plans 

Our
sEEG Evo cortical electrode technology has received 510(k) clearance from the FDA in November 2019 for recording, monitoring, and stimulating
brain tissue for less than 30 days on the surface of the brain. Our Evo sEEG electrode technology has received FDA 510(k) clearance from
the FDA for use (less than 30 days) with recording, monitoring, and stimulation equipment for the recording, monitoring, and stimulation
of electrical signals at the subsurface level of the brain. On December 6, 2023, we received 510(k) FDA clearance to market our OneRF
Ablation System for creation of radiofrequency lesion in nervous tissue for functional neurosurgical procedures. Our other products have
not received any clearance for commercialization by any U.S. or foreign regulatory body. In the future, we are planning on submitting
additional 510(k) clearance with the FDA for other ablation applications, as well as for neurological drug delivery. 

To
date, the Company has performed a number of bench top (which includes feasibility testing) and pre-clinical tests (which include animal
testing of device placement, ergonomics, performance, ease of use, and other tests required by FDA regulations). As described in Government
Regulation below, the Company will be required to perform additional testing of its technology in connection with seeking additional
regulatory clearances or approvals. 

We
intend to expand our product offerings to include less invasive means and all-in-one solutions, thus providing both patients and physicians
better options to treat epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, drug delivery, chronic pain due to failed back
surgeries and other pain-related neurological disorders. While we expect to make modifications to our initial system, we believe that
most of our future product development initiatives will involve unique and transformational next generation technology that should drive
further appeal of our products with both physicians and patients. 

We
are utilizing a number of resources to develop these technologies as well as have hired additional employees with expertise in the respective
areas. We license three critical patents from Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation WARF that are the foundation of the
technology and we are developing and intend to commercialize and benefit from the thin film technology know-how of Mayo Clinic doctors
through our license and development agreement. WARF, Mayo Clinic (cortical electrodes) and Cleveland Clinic (sEEG electrodes) have been
responsible for all pre-clinical studies of our technology under development to date. See WARF License and Mayo
Foundation for Medical Education and Research License and Development Agreement below. We announced in December 2020 that Mayo
Clinic doctors used our technology in the first human commercial application of our Evo cortical electrode technology to perform recording,
functional mapping and stimulation of the brain on a human patient. In July 2022, we announced the first clinical case using the Evo
sEEG electrode was performed by Dr. Robert Gross at Emory University. Dr. Gross selected the Evo sEEG electrode for intraoperative brain
mapping at the subsurface level of the brain. 

8 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

We
launched OneRF, demonstrating combined diagnostic and therapeutic technology for brain applications. We have also performed bedside ablations,
which can offer savings in operating room time and additional hospitalizations. 

In
the first half of 2025, we expect to submit a 510(k) clearance with the FDA for an additional applications leveraging our RF generator
for brain ablations. 

We
are also developing a device for brain monitoring and drug delivery capabilities using the same product. We have performed bench top
and animal experiments and successfully confirmed the proof of concept for this technology, which could be used to deliver drugs, genes,
or cell-based therapies to the brain. We are pursuing a 510(k) clearance with the FDA for brain cancer. 

Below
we have summarized, for each component of our technology, the current stage of development or commercial production, the pre-clinical
testing done to date by WARF, the Cleveland Clinic or Mayo Clinic on such component, if any, our plans for further testing or clinical
trials and our expectations regarding the requirements for regulatory clearance or approval and timing of regulatory submissions. 

Technology 
 
 Stage
 of Development and Pre-Clinical 
Testing to Date 
 
 Additional
 Expected Steps for Regulatory 
 Clearance or Approval 

sEEG - Cortical strip and
 grid electrodes for the diagnosis of epilepsy 
 
 The Company has finalized the design for the product and there are no further expected changes to the device design freeze ). 
 
 Pre-clinical testing and clinical testing on the final design has been conducted by Mayo Clinic and WARF (as described in Mayo Clinic and University of Wisconsin-Madison Studies below). The product is in commercial production. 
 
 The Company received FDA 510(k) clearance in the fourth calendar quarter of 2019. 
 
 Commercial launch commenced utilizing Zimmer, our distribution partner. 

sEEG - Depth electrodes for recording
 (diagnostic) purposes 
 
 We have
 frozen this design and the product is in commercial production. 
 
 No clinical testing was required in order to obtain FDA clearance. 
 
 On October 20, 2022, the Company received an
 FDA clearance to market its Evo sEEG Electrode technology for temporary (less than 30 days) use with recording, monitoring, and stimulation
 equipment for the recording, monitoring, and stimulation of electrical signals at the subsurface level of the brain. Zimmer began
 distributing this product in May 2023. 

9 

NeuroOne Medical
Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Drug Delivery and monitoring electrode 
 
 Actively developing; benchtop testing and
 component sourcing complete 
 
 The Company is pursuing a 510(k) clearance
 with the FDA for brain cancer drug delivery system. 

OneRF Ablation System - Depth electrode
 diagnostic and ablation devices 
 
 The design
 phase was completed at the end of 2022, the verification phase was completed in June 2023, and the transfer to manufacturing phase
 began in July 2023. 
 
 Pre-clinical testing, including benchtop and animal testing, has been conducted on final designs. 
 
 Very early testing at the Cleveland Clinic was completed in the second calendar quarter of 2020. 
 
 Pre-clinical (animal) feasibility testing was conducted in September 2021 with representatives from Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia. Additional pre-clinical animal testing of our final design was conducted at Emory University in April 2023 and invivo testing of our final design was conducted in May 2023. 
 
 The Company announced a partnership with RBC Medical Systems in August 2021 to develop an RF generator that will be used with the Company s diagnostic and ablation electrode. 
 
 No
 animal or human clinical testing is anticipated for FDA submission since 510K predicate devices did
 not perform such clinical testing. 
 
 The
 Company received 510(k) clearance from the FDA for creation of radiofrequency lesions in nervous tissue
 for functional neurosurgical procedures on December 6, 2023. 
 
 The
 Company is pursuing additional 510(k) clearance for additional applications leveraging our RF generator
 for brain ablations 

SCS - Spinal cord stim electrodes 
 
 No
 design freeze. 
 
 We
 performed pre-clinical in-house bench top testing in August 2020. 
 
 In
 2021/early 2022, we performed bench top testing of prototypes to demonstrate chronic performance and
 longevity. 
 
 In 2023, we continued to refine our chronic spinal cord electrode design based on SCS customer feedback and completed additional pre-clinical bench and/or animal tests to further validate our value proposition. 
 
 In 2024, we completed the development of a percutaneous delivery system and conducted benchtop, animal and cadaver studies of both the percutaneous delivery system and various design iterations of paddle electrodes. 
 
 This device is in early stages of development. 
 
 Once the design is finalized, we will be required to conduct additional pre-clinical testing, which may include additional benchtop or animal testing for safety and performance. Additionally, the FDA may require that we conduct human clinical studies. 
 
 As we continue to refine the product design, we will evaluate the necessary pre-clinical and clinical testing for regulatory approval. To expedite market entry, we are actively seeking strategic partnerships and collaborations. 

10 

NeuroOne Medical
Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Implantable stimulation
 devices 
 
 Benchtop
 testing was successfully completed in 2021 and early 2022. We announced the results of these studies in the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 While
 this device is still in early development, we plan to collaborate with clinicians to refine our designs and continue testing in 2023. 
 
 Following
 a design freeze, we will be required to conduct additional pre-clinical testing, including additional benchtop or animal testing
 to assess safety and performance. Additionally, FDA-approved human clinical studies will likely be required. The Company is pursuing
 chronic animal studies and plan to follow up with a first-in-human test. 
 
 While
 we have not yet sought or received FDA feedback on the specific clinical process for chronic stimulation, we anticipate that regulatory
 approval may necessitate a more rigorous clinical process, potentially involving a pre-market approval PMA with human
 clinical data. As we have not yet met with the FDA, we cannot definitively determine the exact clinical data and testing requirements.
 However, based on industry experience with similar technologies, we estimate that clinical trials will be necessary, requiring an
 investment of over 2,000,000. 

Collaborations
and Partnerships 

Mayo
Clinic and University of Wisconsin-Madison Studies 

Our
cortical technology for the diagnosis of epilepsy has been tested by doctors at Mayo Clinic in multiple pre-clinical tests conducted
from 2012 to 2017. In pre-clinical models, doctors examined the biological impact on mammalian brains. Polyimide substrate electrodes
(NeuroOne technology) were implanted on the pig s brain for one week alongside standard competitive electrodes. The tissue underneath
the two types of electrodes was removed, fixed, stained, and examined for immunological responses. The results of a histological (evaluation
of brain tissue under a microscope) analysis showed reduced immunological reaction to prolonged polyimide substrate implants (NeuroOne
technology) compared to standard silicone substrate clinical electrodes. Electrophysiological recordings showed data obtained from polyimide
electrodes which demonstrated the feasibility of high fidelity multi-scale electrophysiology while also displaying easier deployment
of polyimide electrodes (NeuroOne technology) through minimally invasive burr holes. 

Additionally,
doctors implanted our polyimide thin film electrodes on five human patients who were undergoing surgery to remove brain tissue for drug
resistant epilepsy. Electrophysiological recordings from the polyimide thin film technology displayed in each of these patients demonstrated
micro-seizure activity due to the high fidelity multi-scale electrophysiology. In December 2020, we announced the first human commercial
use of our Evo cortical electrode to perform recording, functional mapping and stimulation of the brain. In the procedure, performed
at the Mayo Clinic, our electrodes were used to record evidence of pre-seizure activity which may be critical in developing treatments
to prevent the onset of seizures. 

Conclusions
reached by the physicians at Mayo Clinic were that thin, flexible polyimide electrodes (NeuroOne technology) provided recordings similar
to standard clinical electrodes with reduced immunological response. In addition, Mayo Clinic physicians observed that the flexibility
of polyimide electrodes may reduce pain and swelling associated with implantation of the device, and the single wire exiting the skull
may reduce infection risk. The ability to record micro-seizure and single neuron brain activity may also provide additional useful clinical
data. Combined, these properties suggest that the replacement of current competitive silicone electrodes with polyimide substrate electrodes
(NeuroOne technology) for recording brain activity for epilepsy could provide enhanced clinical value with reduced cost, reduced infection
risk, and improved patient comfort. 

In
addition, our thin film cortical implant technology has been tested by researchers at the University of Wisconsin-Madison in multiple
pre-clinical animal studies conducted from 2006 to 2016, which included mice, rats and primates. In these studies, our technology was
able to record brain activity from different areas of the brain, was implanted in a minimally invasive fashion, electrically provided
brain stimulation and tissue ablation, and had increased flexibility compared to existing commercially available technology, which allowed
the grids to conform more easily to the brain surface (and may have reduced pain and swelling, compared to less flexible devices). 

11 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

WARF
License 

In
January 2020, we entered into an Amended and Restated Exclusive Start-Up Company License Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2020, as
amended on June 15, 2020 (the WARF License with WARF, which amended and restated in full the Original WARF License. Pursuant
to the WARF License, WARF has granted to us an exclusive license to make, use and sell, in the United States only, products that employ
certain licensed patents for a neural probe array or thin-film micro electrode array and method. We have agreed to pay WARF a royalty
equal to a single-digit percentage of our product sales pursuant to the WARF License, with a minimum annual royalty payment of 50,000
for calendar year 2020, 100,000 for calendar year 2021 and 150,000 for calendar year 2022 and each calendar year thereafter that the
WARF License is in effect. The minimum annual royalty payment for calendar year 2020 in the amount of 50,000 was paid in January 2021.
If we or any of our sublicensees contest the validity of any licensed patent, the royalty rate will be doubled during the pendency of
such contest and, if the contested patent is found to be valid and would be infringed by us if not for the WARF License, the royalty
rate will be tripled for the remaining term of the WARF License. 

ARF
may terminate this license on 30 days written notice, if we default on the payments of amounts due to WARF or fail to timely submit
development reports, actively pursue our development plan or breach any other covenant in the WARF License and fail to remedy such default
in 90 days or in the event of certain bankruptcy events involving us. WARF may also terminate the WARF License (i) on 90 days 
notice if we had failed to have commercial sales of one or more FDA-approved products under the WARF License by June 30, 2021 or (ii)
if, after royalties earned on sales begin to be paid, such earned royalties cease for more than four calendar quarters. The first commercial
sale occurred on December 7, 2020, prior to the June 30, 2021 deadline. The WARF License otherwise expires by its terms on the date that
no valid claims on the patents licensed thereunder remain. We expect the latest expiration of a licensed patent to occur in 2030. 

In
addition, WARF reserves the right to grant non-profit research institutions and government agencies non-exclusive licenses to practice
and use the inventions of the licensed patents for non-commercial research purposes, and we grant WARF a non-exclusive, sub licensable,
royalty-free right and license for non-commercial research purposes to use improvements to the licensed patents. In the event that we
discontinue use or commercialization of the licensed patents or improvements thereon, we must grant WARF an option to obtain a non-exclusive,
sub-licensable, royalty-bearing license to use the improvements for commercial purposes. 

See
 Risk Factors-Risks Related to Our Business-We depend on intellectual property licensed from WARF for our technology, including
our technology under development, and the termination of this license would harm our business for additional information regarding
the WARF License. 

Mayo
Foundation for Medical Education and Research License and Development Agreement 

In
May 2017, we entered into an Amended and Restated License and Development Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2017 (the Mayo Development
Agreement ), with Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research Mayo to license worldwide (i) certain know
how for the development and commercialization of products, methods and processes related to flexible circuit thin film technology for
the recording of tissue and (ii) the products developed therefrom, and to partner with Mayo to assist the Company in the investigation,
research application, development and improvement of such technology. Mayo has agreed to assist us by providing access to certain individuals
at Mayo (the Mayo Principal Investigators ), in developing our cortical thin film flexible circuit technology, including
prototype development, animal testing, protocol development for human and animal use, abstract development and presentation and access
to and license of any intellectual property that the Mayo Principal Investigators develop relating to the procedure. 

We
have agreed to pay Mayo a royalty equal to a single-digit percentage of our product sales pursuant to the Mayo Development Agreement.
Mayo may purchase any developed products licensed under the Mayo Development Agreement at the best price offered by us to the end user
in the prior year. The Mayo Development Agreement generally will expire in October 2034, unless the Mayo know-how and improvements under
the Mayo Development Agreement remain in use, and the Mayo Development Agreement may be terminated by Mayo for cause or under certain
circumstances. 

12 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

For
additional information regarding the Mayo Development Agreement, see Risk Factors-Risks Related to Our Business-We depend on our
partnership with Mayo to license certain know how for the development and commercialization of our technology. Termination of this partnership
would harm our business, and even if this partnership continues, it may not be successful. 

Commercialization,
Sales and Marketing 

Zimmer
Distribution Agreement 

Based
on the size and maturity of the U.S. market and our initial commercial focus, on July 20, 2020, we entered into an exclusive development
and distribution agreement (the Original Distribution Agreement with Zimmer, pursuant to which we granted Zimmer exclusive
global rights to distribute NeuroOne s strip and grid cortical electrodes (the Strip/Grid Products and electrode
cable assembly products (the Electrode Cable Assembly Products ), including to approximately 188 Level 4 epilepsy centers.
Additionally, we granted Zimmer the exclusive right and license to distribute certain depth electrodes developed by the Company (the
 sEEG Products ). The parties have agreed to collaborate with respect to development activities under the Distribution Agreement
through a joint development committee composed of an equal number of representatives of Zimmer and the Company. 

Pursuant
to the Distribution Agreement, Zimmer made an upfront payment of 2.0 million to the Company in August 2020. 

In
August 2022, we entered into an amendment to the Distribution Agreement with Zimmer that provided us with a 3.5 million accelerated
payment relating to certain milestone events. In addition, Zimmer received a Warrant to purchase 350,000 shares of our common stock,
 0.001 par value, with an exercise price of 3.00 per share. 

In
October 2024, we amended and restated our development and distribution agreement with Zimmer to grant exclusive right and license to
distribute also our OneRF Ablation System (the OneRF Products for an upfront fee of 3 million dollars and up to an additional
 1 million dollars upon achievement of certain net sales milestone by Zimmer (as amended, the Zimmer Distribution Agreement ). 

Under
the terms of the Distribution Agreement, we are responsible for all costs and expenses related to developing the Strip/Grid Products,
the Electrode Cable Assembly Products, the sEEG Products and the OneRF Products (collectively the Products ), and Zimmer
is responsible for all costs and expenses related to the commercialization of the Products. In addition to the Distribution Agreement,
Zimmer and the Company have entered into a Manufacturing and Supply Agreement (the MS Agreement and a supplier quality
agreement (the Quality Agreement with respect to the manufacturing and supply of the Products. 

Except
as otherwise provided in the Zimmer Distribution Agreement, we are responsible for performing all development activities, including non-clinical
and clinical studies directed at obtaining regulatory approval of each Product. Zimmer has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts
to promote, market and sell each Product following the Product Availability Date (as defined in the Zimmer Distribution
Agreement) for such Products. 

The
Zimmer Distribution Agreement will expire on September 30, 2034, unless terminated earlier pursuant to its terms. Either party may terminate
the Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement (x) with written notice for the other party s material breach following a cure
period or (y) if the other party becomes subject to certain insolvency proceedings. In addition, Zimmer may terminate the Zimmer Distribution
Agreement for any reason with 90 days written notice, and we may terminate the Zimmer Distribution Agreement if Zimmer acquires
or directly or indirectly owns a controlling interest in certain competitors of the Company. Both Zimmer and the Company have agreed
to indemnify the other party against certain losses and expenses relating to the development or commercialization of a product by the
indemnifying party, the negligence or willful misconduct of the indemnifying party or its directors, officers, employees or agents or
a breach of the indemnifying party s representations, warranties or covenants. 

13 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

We
will investigate markets outside of the U.S. with the assistance of Zimmer and formulate a plan to enter those markets with the support
of Zimmer. 

For
more information regarding the Zimmer Distribution Agreement, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations-Financial Overview-Collaborations Revenue and Note 7-Zimmer Distribution Agreement included
in Item 8-Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report. 

Financing

Debt
Facility Agreement 

On
August 2, 2024, we entered into a loan and security agreement (the Debt Facility Agreement with Growth Opportunity Funding,
LLC, as the lender (the Lender ), which provides for a delayed draw term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount
not to exceed 3.0 million (the Debt Facility ). We are permitted to borrow loans under the Debt Facility from time to time
(collectively, the Loans ), for general corporate purposes and subject to certain specified conditions, until the earliest
of: (i) November 30, 2024, (ii) the occurrence of any monetization or change in control, or (iii) at the Lender s option, upon
the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default under the Debt Facility Agreement. The Loan(s), upon issuance, will
be secured by substantially all of our assets, subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Debt Facility Agreement, and will be subject
to covenants. 

The
Debt Facility matures on February 2, 2026. The outstanding principal amount of any outstanding Loans will bear interest at a rate of
10 per annum, payable monthly in arrears and at the maturity date. As of the closing date of the Debt Facility Agreement, no amounts
were drawn by us thereunder. On November 7, 2024, we mutually agreed with the Lender to terminate the loan facility. 

We
paid a one-time standby facility fee of 125,000 and on August 2, 2024, we issued 100,000 Lender Warrants to Lender to purchase shares
of the our Common Stock at exercise price of 0.66 per share. The warrants are immediately exercisable and expire on August 2, 2029.
Lastly, a cash draw-fee of 50,000 is payable and a warrant draw-fee consisting of the issuance of an additional 50,000 warrants to the
Lender is required upon each additional funding tranche of 500,000 under the Debt Facility, for an aggregate potential issuance of 300,000
additional Lender Warrants. The Lender Warrants issuable upon each future funding date will have an exercise price of 0.66 per share
and will have a five-year term. 

2024
Private Placement 

On
August 1, 2024, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement which closed on August 2, 2024, with certain accredited investors (the
 Purchasers ), pursuant to which the we, in a private placement, agreed to issue and sell an aggregate of (i) 2,944,446 shares
of the our common stock, and (ii) warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,208,338 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 0.90
per unit, consisting of one share and a warrant to purchase 0.75 shares of common stock, resulting in total gross proceeds of approximately
 2.65 million before deducting estimated expenses (the 2024 Private Placement ). In connection with the 2024 Private Placement,
we filed a registration statement with the SEC covering the resale of the securities issued in the 2024 Private Placement. 

Nasdaq 

Nasdaq
Minimum Bid Price Notification 

On
July 11, 2024, we received a letter (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of
Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq notifying that because the closing bid price of the our common stock was below 1.00 per share
for the prior 30 consecutive business days, we are not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on
The Nasdaq Capital Market, as set forth in Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Minimum Bid Price Requirement ). In accordance
with Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we have a period of 180 calendar days from July 11, 2024, or until January 7, 2025, to regain
compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. If at any time before January 7, 2025, the closing bid price of our common stock closes
at or above 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days (which number days may be extended by Nasdaq), Nasdaq will
provide written notification that we have achieved compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, and the matter would be resolved. 

14 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Reimbursement 

Coverage
in the United States 

Reimbursement
from private third-party healthcare payors and, to a lesser extent, Medicare will be an important element of our success. Although the
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS and third-party payors have adopted coverage policies for our targeted
indications, there is no guarantee this will continue at the same levels or at all in the future. Current Procedural Terminology, or
CPT, is a medical code set that is used to report medical, surgical and diagnostic procedures and services to entities such as physicians,
health insurance companies and accreditation organizations. 

Applicable
diagnostic CPT codes for mapping (diagnosing) the brain for diagnostic procedures are as follows: 

61531
 Subdural implantation of strip electrodes through one or more burr or trephine (saw) hole(s)
 for long term seizure monitoring; 

61533
 Craniotomy with elevation of bone flap: for subdural implantation of an electrode array,
 for long term seizure monitoring; 

61535
 Craniotomy with elevation of bone flap; for removal of epidural or subdural electrode array,
 without excision of cerebral tissue (separate procedure); and 

61760
 Stereotactic implantation of depth electro1des into the cerebrum for long term seizure monitoring. 

Regarding
ICD-10 codes, the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Edition (ICD-10) is a clinical cataloging system that went into effect
for the U.S. healthcare industry on October 1, 2015, after a series of lengthy delays. Accounting for modern advances in clinical treatment
and medical devices, ICD-10 codes offer many more classification options compared to those found in its predecessor, ICD-9. Within the
healthcare industry, providers, coders, IT professionals, insurance carriers, government agencies and others use ICD codes to properly
note diseases on health records, to track epidemiological trends and to assist in medical reimbursement decisions. 

ICD-10
codes for epilepsy are as follows: 

G40.0
 Localization-related (focal) (partial) idiopathic epilepsy and epileptic syndromes with seizures
 of localized onset; 

G40.1
 Localization-related (focal) (partial) symptomatic epilepsy and epileptic syndromes with
 simple partial seizures; 

G40.2
 Localization-related (focal) (partial) symptomatic epilepsy and epileptic syndromes with
 complex partial seizures; 

G40.3
 Generalized idiopathic epilepsy and epileptic syndromes; 

G40.A
 Absence epileptic syndrome; 

G40.4
 Other generalized epilepsy and epileptic syndromes; 

G40.50
 Epileptic seizures related to external causes, not intractable; 

G40.80
 Other epilepsy; and 

G40.82
 Epileptic spasms. 

15 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

We
believe that many of the indications we are pursuing with our technologies are currently reimbursed on a widespread basis by Medicare,
Medicaid and private insurance companies. 

Medicare,
Medicaid, health maintenance organizations and other third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting
both coverage and the level of reimbursement of new medical devices, and, as a result, their coverage policies may be restrictive, or
they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our products. In order to obtain reimbursement arrangements, we may have to agree
to a net sales price lower than the net sales price we might charge in other sales channels. Our revenue may be limited by the continuing
efforts of government and third-party payors to contain or reduce the costs of healthcare through various increasingly sophisticated
means, such as requiring prospective reimbursement and second opinions, purchasing in groups, or redesigning benefits. Our future dependence
on the commercial success of our technologies makes us particularly susceptible to any cost containment or reduction efforts. Accordingly,
if government and other third-party payors do not provide adequate coverage and reimbursement for our products and the related insertion
and removal procedures, our financial performance will be negatively impacted. 

Manufacturing,
Supply and Quality Assurance 

We
currently outsource the supply and manufacture of all components of our prototypes of our technology under development. We plan to continue
with an outsourced manufacturing arrangement for the foreseeable future. Our third-party manufacturers are recognized in their field
for their competency to manufacture the respective portions of our system and have quality systems established that meet FDA requirements.
We believe at this time the manufacturers we currently utilize have sufficient capacity to meet our requirements. We believe that as
we increase our demand in the future, our per-unit costs will decrease materially. 

As a medical device developer, the facilities
of our sterilization and other critical suppliers are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA and corresponding state and foreign agencies.
We believe that our quality systems and those of our suppliers are robust and achieve high product quality. We plan to audit our suppliers
periodically to ensure conformity with the specifications, policies and procedures for our devices. 

Research
and Development 

Our
research and development team, which includes our Director of Electrode Development, utilizes advice from leading experts in the neurotech
field on our scientific advisory board and is focused on the development of thin film cortical grid and strip electrodes and depth electrodes
for recording, ablation and chronic stimulation for brain related disorders as well as stimulation for spinal cord stimulation for back
related pain. Our research and development expenses were 5.1 million and 6.9 million for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. 

Competition

In
the market for Epilepsy diagnosis, our cortical strip, grid and depth electrode technology will likely compete with Integra Life Science s
Integra Epilepsy Strip, Grid and depth electrodes, which provide a similar function to our diagnostic technologies. These products are
well established in the marketplace and Integra has greater resources than us, which could allow them to innovate faster. Ad-Tech Medical
Instrument Corporation s Epilepsy/LTM (subdural grid, strip and depth) electrodes, which have become the market leaders for diagnostic
mapping in epilepsy, and PMT s Cortac Strips and grid electrodes and Depthalon depth electrodes are used for recording brain activity
similar to other competitive technologies. In addition, Dixie Medical has launched a product line of depth electrodes and CorTec has
launched a cortical electrode product line called AirRay. Today s success rates for seizure free post-operative conditions remain
at 50 , which has limited patients willingness to undergo the currently highly invasive surgical procedure. We will also compete
against other companies in early stages of development of thin film technologies. 

16 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

In
the neuro-ablation market, we expect to compete with Medtronic s Visualase guided-laser ablation technology and Monteris Medical s
NeuroBlate technology, which use MRI guided laser surgical ablation for use to ablate, necrotize or coagulate soft tissue through interstitial
irradiation or thermal therapy in medicine and surgery in the discipline of neurosurgery with 1064 nm lasers. Their website claims it
is used for ablation in the brain for soft tissue and tumors. We believe there are other laser-based systems in development that will
compete with these technologies. 

In
the neurostimulation market, we expect to compete with NeuroPace s RNS system approved for epilepsy, Medtronic s Activa system
approved for Parkinson s disease, Boston Scientific Vercise (indicated for Parkinson s, dystonia and essential tremors),
Abbott/St. Jude Medical s Infinity DBS system (approved for Parkinson s disease and essential tremors), Liva Nova/Cyberonic s
VNS therapy intended for patients suffering with epilepsy. 

Although
we will face potential competition from many different sources, we believe that our technology, knowledge, experience and scientific
resources will provide us with competitive advantages. For a discussion of the key competitive factors that we believe will impact the
success of our cortical strip, grid electrodes under development, if successfully developed and approved, see -Our Solution 
above. 

Many
of the companies against which we may compete in the future have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research
and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved
products than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostic industries may result in even more
resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant
competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors also compete with
us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and subject registration
for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our development. 

Intellectual
Property 

Protection
of our intellectual property is a strategic priority for our business. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, and
trade secrets as well as nondisclosure and assignment of invention agreements, material transfer agreements, confidentiality agreements
and other measures to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. 

Patents 

As
of September 30, 2024, our patent estate consists of three issued United States patents licensed from WARF covering a neural probe array
and thin-film micro electrode array and method, a U.S. patent issued in October 2022 relating to improved neural depth electrodes, a
U.S. patent issued in January 2024 and a pending U.S. patent application relating to agent-delivering neural electrodes, a U.S. patent
issued in January 2024 and a pending European patent application published in 2020 relating to minimally invasive electrodes, a U.S.
patent issued in February 2024 and a pending European patent application published in 2021 relating to spinal cord stimulation systems
and devices, pending U.S. and European patent applications published in 2022 relating to methods of making electrode probes, pending
U.S. and European patent applications published in 2023 relating to devices having temperature sensors, pending U.S. and PCT patent applications
published in 2024 relating to deformable spinal cord stimulation devices, three pending U.S. patent applications and a PCT application
filed or published in 2024 relating to spinal cord stimulation device implantation methods, and pending U.S. and PCT patent applications
published in 2024 relating to ablation probe and temperature sensing device systems. The licensed issued patents expire between 2025
and 2030, subject to any patent extensions that may be available for such patents. The issued patents owned by NeuroOne expire between
2040 and 2041. If a patent or patents are issued on our additional pending patent applications, the resulting patents are projected to
expire between 2040 and 2043. 

17 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Our
patent applications may not result in issued patents, and any patents that have been issued or may be issued in the future may not protect
the commercially important aspects of our technology. Furthermore, the validity and enforceability of our issued patents may be challenged
by third parties and our patents could be invalidated or modified by the issuing governmental authority. Third parties may independently
develop technology that is not covered by our patents that is similar to, or competes with, our technology. In addition, our intellectual
property may be infringed or misappropriated by third parties, particularly in foreign countries where the laws and governmental authorities
may not protect our proprietary rights as effectively as those in the United States. 

The
medical device industry in general, and the recording, ablation and neurostimulation sector of this industry in particular, are characterized
by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent litigation based on assertions of patent infringement. We are aware of numerous
patents issued to third parties that may relate to the technology used in our business, including the design and manufacture of electrodes
and pulse generators, as well as methods for device placement. Each of these patents contains multiple claims, any one of which may be
independently asserted against us. The owners of these patents may assert that the manufacture, use, sale or offer for sale of our cortical
strip and grid electrodes infringe one or more claims of their patents. Furthermore, there may be additional patents issued to third
parties of which we are presently unaware that may relate to aspects of our technology that such third parties could assert against us
and materially and adversely affect our business. In addition, because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be
patent applications that are currently pending and unknown to us, which may later result in issued patents that third parties could assert
against us and materially and adversely affect our business. 

Any
adverse determination in litigations or post grant trial proceedings at the Patent Office relating to intellectual property to which
we are or may become a party could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties or require us to seek licenses from third parties,
and could result in the cancellation and/or invalidation of our intellectual property. Furthermore, if a court finds that we have willfully
infringed a third party s intellectual property, we could be required to pay treble damages and/or attorney fees for the prevailing
party, in addition to other penalties. Although intellectual property disputes in the medical device area are often settled through licensing
or similar arrangements, costs associated with such arrangements can be substantial and often require ongoing royalty payments. We may
be unable to obtain necessary licenses on satisfactory terms, if at all. If we do not obtain necessary licenses, we may not be able to
redesign our products to avoid infringement; if we are able to redesign our products to avoid infringement, we may not receive FDA approval
in a timely manner. Adverse determinations in a judicial or administrative proceeding or failure to obtain necessary licenses could prevent
us from manufacturing and selling our products, which could have a significant adverse impact on our business. 

Trademarks 

We
have registered U.S. trademarks for the trademarks NEUROONE and EVO. We have a pending U.S. trademark application
for the trademark OneRF. We also have registered trademarks in the United Kingdom and the European Union for the trademark OneRF. 

Trade
Secrets 

We
also rely on trade secrets, technical know-how and continuing innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to
protect such intellectual property and proprietary information by generally requiring our employees, consultants, contractors, scientific
collaborators and other advisors to execute non-disclosure and assignment of invention agreements upon the commencement of their employment
or engagement as the case may be. Our agreements with our employees prohibit them from providing us with any intellectual property or
proprietary information of third parties. We also generally require confidentiality agreements or material transfer agreements with third
parties that receive or have access to our confidential information, data or other materials. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can
be no assurance that our employees and third parties that have access to our confidential proprietary information will abide by the terms
of their agreements. Despite the measures that we take to protect our intellectual property and confidential information, unauthorized
third parties may copy aspects of our products or obtain and use our proprietary information. 

18 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Government
Regulation 

Our
cortical strip, grid and depth electrodes are medical devices subject to extensive and ongoing regulation by the FDA and the U.S. CMS.
Regulations cover virtually every critical aspect of a medical device company s business operations, including research activities,
product development, quality, manufacturing, supplier management, risk management, contracting, reimbursement, medical communications,
sales and marketing. In the United States, the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA ), and the implementing regulations
of the FDA (specifically, 21 Code of Federal Regulations (21 CFR Parts 801- labeling, 803 - medical device reporting, 807 - registration
and listing, subpart E premarket notification 510k, 812 - investigational device exemption, 814 - premarket approval and 820 - quality
system regulation) and applicable FDA issued guidance s govern product design and development, pre-clinical and clinical testing,
premarket clearance or approval, risk management, product manufacturing, quality systems, import and export, product labeling, product
storage, recalls and field safety corrective actions, advertising and promotion, product sales and distribution, and post-market clinical
surveillance. Our business is subject to federal, state, local and harmonized standards, such as ISO 13485, ISO 14971, and FDA s
Quality System Regulation QSR contained in 21 CFR Part 820. 

Regulatory
Framework in the United States 

A
product is regulated as a medical device by the FDA if: 1) the product meets the definition of a medical device per Section 201(h) of
the FDCA and 2) an appropriate product classification exists. 

Device
classification 

The
FDA characterizes medical devices into one of three classes, Class I, II, and III. Regulatory control increases from Class I to Class
III. The device classification regulation defines the regulatory requirements for a general device type. Most Class I devices are exempt
from Premarket Notification under 510(k); most Class II devices require Premarket Notification under 510(k); and most Class III devices
require Premarket Approval PMA ). 

Class
I devices are subject to general controls including labeling. However, most such devices are exempt from pre-market notification. If
a device is exempted from any of the general controls, such exemption is stated in the classification regulation for that device. This
pertains to manufacturers FDA registration and device listing, methods and documentation of the design, testing, production, control
quality assurance, labeling, packaging, sterilization, storage, shipping of products and post market surveillance. Class II devices are
subject to the same general controls but may be subject to special controls such as device specific performance standards, post-market
surveillance, FDA guidance, or particularized labeling, and may also require clinical testing prior to clearance. Class III devices are
those for which insufficient information exists to assure safety and effectiveness solely through general or special controls, including
devices that support or sustain human life, are of substantial importance in preventing impairment of human health, present an unreasonable
risk of illness or injury, or are not well established and generally accepted as safe and effective. Premarket Approval is required for
most Class III devices, unless the device is a preamendments device and the FDA has not called for a PMA. 

Some
Class I and Class II devices are exempted by regulation from the pre-market notification requirement under Section 510(k) of the FDCA,
also referred to as a 510(k) clearance, but must meet the requirement of compliance with substantially all of the QSR. However, a PMA
application is required for devices deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risk, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting or certain
implantable devices, or those that are not substantially equivalent either to a device previously cleared through the 510(k)
process or to a preamendment Class III device in commercial distribution before May 28, 1976 when PMA applications were
not required. The PMA approval process is more comprehensive than the 510(k) clearance process and typically takes multiple years to
complete. 

Based
on FDA classifications, our diagnostic cortical strip, grid and depth electrode and RF ablation technology are categorized by the FDA
as Class II devices that do not require clinical testing and can be filed as a 510(k), similar to existing competitive technology. The
Company expects that indications for treating epilepsy, Parkinson s and other patients suffering from motor related neurological
deficiencies via a permanent implant for chronic treatment will require a PMA process to commercially distribute in the United States. 

19 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

The
510(k) clearance process 

Under
the 510(k) clearance process, the manufacturer must submit to the FDA a premarket notification, demonstrating that the device is substantially
equivalent to a legally marketed predicate device. A predicate device is a legally marketed device that was previously found substantially
equivalent through the 510(k) process. To be substantially equivalent, the proposed device must have the same intended
use, indications for use as the predicate device, and either have the same technological characteristics as the predicate device or have
different technological characteristics and not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness than the predicate device. Clinical
data is sometimes required to support substantial equivalence. 

Since
October 1, 2023, a 510(k) premarket notification is submitted as an electronic submission using the FDA eStar program through the CDRH
Porta. The eStar Complete status needs to be observed for a successful submission. eSTAR submissions are not anticipated to undergo a
refuse to accept RTA process. However, the FDA intends to employ a virus scanning and technical screening process for
an eSTAR. If the eSTAR does not pass technical screening (i.e., an eSTAR is provided where none of the attachments to a question are
relevant to the question, or if an inaccurate response is provided to any question), the submission may be put on an early Technical
Screening hold for 180 days, until a complete replacement eSTAR is submitted. If it is accepted for filing, the FDA begins a substantive
review. The FDA goal is to complete its review of a 510(k) notification within 90 calendar days of receiving the 510(k) notification.
As a practical matter, clearance often takes longer, and clearance is never assured. Although many 510(k) premarket notifications are
cleared without clinical data, the FDA may require further information, including clinical data, to make a determination regarding substantial
equivalence, which may significantly prolong the review process. If the FDA agrees that the device is substantially equivalent, it will
grant clearance to commercially market the device. 

If
the FDA determines that the device is not substantially equivalent to a predicate device, or if the device is automatically
classified into Class III, the device sponsor must then fulfill the more rigorous premarketing requirements of the PMA approval process,
or seek reclassification of the device through the De Novo process. The De Novo request provides a marketing pathway to classify novel
medical devices for which general controls alone, or general and special controls, provide reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness
for the intended use, but for which there is no legally marketed predicate device. De Novo classification is a risk-based classification
process. The De Novo classification process is an alternate pathway to classify medical devices that are automatically classified into
Class III but which are low to moderate risk. A manufacturer can submit a Pre-submission for De Novo review if the manufacturer is unable
to identify an appropriate predicate device and the new device or new use of the device presents a moderate or low risk. 

After
a device receives 510(k) clearance, any modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute
a new or major change in its intended use, will require a new 510(k) clearance or, depending on the modification, could require a De
Novo device application and potentially a PMA application. The FDA requires each manufacturer to determine whether the proposed change
requires a new submission in the first instance, but the FDA can review any such decision and disagree with a manufacturer s determination.
Many minor modifications are accomplished by a letter-to-file in which the manufacture documents the change in an internal letter-to-file
based on adherence to FDA guidance on changes to an existing 510(k) device. The letter-to-file is in lieu of submitting a new 510(k)
to obtain clearance for such change. The FDA can always review these letters to file in an inspection. If the FDA disagrees with a manufacturer s
determination regarding whether a new premarket submission is required for the modification of an existing 510(k)-cleared device, the
FDA can require the manufacturer to cease marketing and/or recall the modified device until 510(k) clearance or approval of a De Novo
or PMA application is obtained. In addition, in these circumstances, the FDA can impose significant regulatory fines or penalties for
failure to submit the requisite application(s). 

The
PMA approval process 

Following
receipt of a PMA application, the FDA conducts an administrative review to determine whether the application is sufficiently complete
to permit a substantive review. If it is not, the agency will refuse to file the PMA. If it is, the FDA will accept the application for
filing and begin its review. The FDA has 180 days to review a filed PMA application, although the review of an application more often
occurs over a significantly longer period of time. During this review period, the FDA may request additional information or clarification
of information already provided, and the FDA may issue a major deficiency letter to the applicant, requesting the applicant s response
to deficiencies communicated by the FDA. 

20 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Before
approving or denying a PMA, an FDA advisory committee may review the PMA at a public meeting and provide the FDA with the committee s
recommendation on whether the FDA should approve the submission, approve it with specific conditions, or not approve it. The FDA is not
bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. 

Prior
to approval of a PMA, the FDA may conduct inspections of the clinical trial data and clinical trial sites, as well as inspections of
the manufacturing facility and processes. Overall, the FDA review of a PMA application generally takes between one and three years, but
may take significantly longer. The FDA can delay, limit or deny approval of a PMA application for many reasons, including: 

the
 device may not be safe, effective, reliable or accurate to the FDA s satisfaction; 

the
 data from pre-clinical studies and clinical trials may be insufficient to support approval; 

the
 manufacturing process or facilities may not meet applicable requirements; and 

changes
 in FDA approval policies or adoption of new regulations may require additional data. 

If
an FDA evaluation of a PMA application is favorable, the FDA will either issue an approval letter, or approvable letter, which usually
contains a number of conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval of the PMA. When and if those conditions have been
fulfilled to the satisfaction of the FDA, the agency will issue a PMA approval letter authorizing commercial marketing of a device, subject
to the conditions of approval and the limitations established in the approval letter. If the FDA s evaluation of a PMA application
or manufacturing facilities is not favorable, the FDA will deny approval of the PMA or issue a not approvable letter. The FDA also may
determine that additional tests or clinical trials are necessary, in which case the PMA approval may be delayed for several months or
years while the trials are conducted and data is submitted in an amendment to the PMA under review. The PMA process can be expensive,
uncertain and lengthy and a number of devices for which FDA approval has been sought by other companies have never been approved by the
FDA for marketing. 

New
PMA applications or PMA supplements may be required for modifications to the manufacturing process, labeling, device specifications,
materials or design of a device that has been approved through the PMA process. PMA supplements often require submission of the same
type of information as was presented in the initial PMA application, except that the supplement is limited to information needed to support
any changes from the device covered by the approved PMA application and may or may not require as extensive technical or clinical data
or the convening of an advisory panel. 

Clinical
Trials 

Clinical
trials are typically required to support a PMA application and are sometimes required for a 510(k) clearance. These trials generally
require submission of an application for an Investigational Device Exemption IDE ), to the FDA. The IDE application must
be supported by appropriate data, such as animal and laboratory testing results, showing that it is safe to test the device in humans
and that the testing protocol is scientifically sound. The IDE application must be approved in advance by the FDA for a specified number
of patients, unless the product is deemed a non-significant risk device and eligible for abbreviated IDE requirements. Generally, clinical
trials for a significant risk device may begin once the IDE application is approved by the FDA and the study protocol and informed consent
are approved by appropriate institutional review boards at the clinical trial sites. The FDA s approval of an IDE allows clinical
testing to go forward, but it does not bind the FDA to accept the results of the trial as sufficient to prove the product s safety
and efficacy, even if the trial meets its intended success criteria. All clinical trials performed in the United States must be conducted
in accordance with the FDA s IDE regulations that govern investigational device labeling, prohibit promotion, and specify an array
of recordkeeping, reporting and monitoring responsibilities of study sponsors and study investigators. Clinical trials must further comply
with the FDA s regulations for institutional review board approval and for informed consent and other human subject protections.
Required records and reports are subject to inspection by the FDA. The results of clinical testing may be unfavorable or, even if the
intended safety and efficacy success criteria are achieved, may not be considered sufficient for the FDA to grant approval or clearance
of a product. Clinical trials must be entered into the clinical trials registry at clinicaltrials.gov. 

21 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

The
commencement or completion of any clinical trial may be delayed or halted, or be inadequate to support approval of a PMA application,
for numerous reasons, including, but not limited to, the following: 

the
 FDA or other regulatory authorities do not approve a clinical trial protocol or a clinical
 trial, or place a clinical trial on hold; 

patients
 do not enroll in clinical trials at the rate expected; 

patients,
 sponsor (NeuroOne) or study sites do not comply with trial protocols; 

patient
 follow-up is not at the rate expected; 

patients
 experience unanticipated adverse event; 

the
 data safety monitoring board determines the study should be placed on hold; 

patients
 die during a clinical trial, even though their death may not be related to the products that
 are part of our trial; 

institutional
 review boards and third-party clinical investigators may delay or reject the trial protocol; 

third-party
 clinical investigators decline to participate in a trial or do not perform a trial on the
 anticipated schedule or consistent with the clinical trial protocol, good clinical practices
 or other FDA requirements; 

the
 sponsor (NeuroOne) or third-party organizations do not perform data collection, monitoring
 and analysis in a timely or accurate manner or consistent with the clinical trial protocol
 or investigational or statistical plans; 

third-party
 clinical investigators have significant financial interests related to the sponsor (NeuroOne)
 or the study that the FDA deems to make the study results unreliable, or the Company or investigators
 fail to disclose such interests; 

regulatory
 inspections of our clinical trials or manufacturing facilities, which may, among other things,
 require us to undertake corrective action or suspend or terminate our clinical trials; 

changes
 in governmental regulations or administrative actions; 

the
 interim or final results of the clinical trial are inconclusive or unfavorable as to safety
 or efficacy; and 

the
 FDA concludes that our trial design is inadequate to demonstrate safety and efficacy. 

Other
Regulatory Requirements 

Even
after a device receives clearance or approval and is placed in commercial distribution, numerous regulatory requirements apply. These
include: 

establishment
 registration and device listing; 

QSR,
 which requires manufacturers, including third party manufacturers, to follow stringent design,
 testing, risk management, production control, supplier/contractor selection, complaint handling,
 documentation and other quality assurance procedures during all aspects of the manufacturing
 process; 

labeling
 regulations that prohibit the promotion of products for uncleared, unapproved or off-label 
 uses, and impose other restrictions on labeling, advertising and promotion; 

22 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

MDR
 regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA if their device may have
 caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely
 cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur; 

voluntary
 and mandatory device recalls to address problems when a device is mislabeled or does not
 meet specifications and could be a risk to health; and 

corrections
 and removals reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA field
 corrections and product recalls or removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed
 by the device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that may present a risk to health. 

Also,
the FDA may require us to conduct post-market surveillance studies or establish and maintain a system for tracking our products through
the chain of distribution to the patient level. The FDA enforces regulatory requirements by conducting periodic, unannounced inspections
and market surveillance. Inspections may include the manufacturing facilities of our subcontractors. 

Failure
to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in enforcement actions by the FDA and other regulatory agencies. These may
include any of the following sanctions or consequences: 

warning
 letters or untitled letters that require corrective action; 

fines
 and civil penalties; 

unanticipated
 expenditures; 

delays
 in approving or refusal to approve future products; 

FDA
 refusal to issue certificates to foreign governments needed to export products for sale in
 other countries; 

suspension
 or withdrawal of FDA clearance or approval; 

product
 recall or seizure; interruption of production; 

operating
 restrictions; 

injunctions;
 and 

criminal
 prosecution. 

Our
contract manufacturers, specification developers and some suppliers of components or device accessories, also are required to manufacture
our products in compliance with current good manufacturing practice requirements set forth in the QSR. The QSR requires a quality system
for the design, risk management, manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage, installation and servicing of marketed devices, and it includes
extensive requirements with respect to quality management and organization, device design, buildings, equipment, purchase and handling
of components or services, production and process controls, packaging and labeling controls, device evaluation, distribution, installation,
complaint handling, servicing, and record keeping. The FDA evaluates compliance with the QSR through periodic unannounced inspections
that may include the manufacturing facilities of our subcontractors. If the FDA believes that any of our contract manufacturers or regulated
suppliers are not in compliance with these requirements, it can shut down such manufacturing operations, require a recall of our products,
refuse to approve new marketing applications, institute legal proceedings to detain or seize products, enjoin future violations or assess
civil and criminal penalties against us or our officers or other employees. 

23 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

The
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA and Similar Foreign and State Laws and Regulations
Affecting the Transmission, Security and Privacy of Health Information 

We
may also be subject to data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business.
HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and their respective implementing
regulations, imposes specified requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information.
Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s security standards directly applicable to business associates, defined as service providers
of covered entities that create, receive, maintain or transmit protected health information in connection with providing a service for
or on behalf of a covered entity. HITECH also created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties and gave state attorneys general new
authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys 
fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, many state laws govern the privacy and security of health
information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from HIPAA and each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect. 

Fraud
and Abuse Laws 

In
addition to FDA restrictions, there are numerous U.S. federal and state laws pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback
laws and physician self-referral laws. Our relationships with healthcare providers and other third parties are subject to scrutiny under
these laws. Violations of these laws are punishable by criminal and civil sanctions, including, in some instances, imprisonment and exclusion
from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, including the Medicare, Medicaid and Veterans Administration health programs. 

Federal
Anti-Kickback and Self-Referral Laws 

The
federal Anti-Kickback Statute (the Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving,
offering or providing remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, to induce
either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing, recommending, or arranging of a good or service, for which payment may be made
under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration 
has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value, including such items as gifts, discounts, the furnishing of supplies or equipment,
credit arrangements, waiver of payments and providing anything at less than its fair market value. Although there are a number of statutory
exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn
narrowly. Practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchases or recommendations
may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular
applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead,
the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a review of all its relevant facts and circumstances.
Several courts have interpreted the statute s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration
is to induce referrals of (or purchases, or recommendations related to) federal healthcare covered business, the Anti-Kickback Statute
has been implicated and potentially violated. 

The
penalties for violating the Anti-Kickback Statute include imprisonment for up to five years, fines of up to 25,000 per violation and
possible exclusion from federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. Many states have adopted prohibitions similar to the
Anti-Kickback Statute, some of which do not have the same exceptions and apply to the referral of patients for healthcare services reimbursed
by any source, not only by the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Further, the Anti-Kickback Statute was amended by the Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act ACA ). Specifically, as noted above, under the Anti-Kickback Statute, the government must prove
the defendant acted knowingly to prove a violation occurred. The ACA added a provision to clarify that with respect to
violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute, a person need not have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to commit
a violation of the statute. This change effectively overturns case law interpretations that set a higher standard under which prosecutors
had to prove the specific intent to violate the law. In addition, the ACA codified case law that a claim including items or services
resulting from a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False
Claims Act (the False Claims Act ). 

24 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

We
plan to provide the initial training to providers and patients necessary for appropriate use of our technology either through our own
educators or by contracting with outside educators that have completed an appropriate training course. Outside educators are reimbursed
for their services at fair market value. 

Noncompliance
with the Anti-Kickback Statute could result in our exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs, restrictions on
our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions, and civil and criminal penalties. 

The
federal Physician Self-Referral Prohibition, commonly known as the Stark Law, prohibits a physician from ordering designated
health services, including durable medical equipment, for Medicare and Medicaid patients from entities with which the physician
(or an immediate family member) has a financial relationship. Financial relationships include both compensation arrangements
and investment and ownership interests. Violation of the Stark Law could result in denial of payment, disgorgement of reimbursements
received under a noncompliant arrangement, civil penalties, and exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs. We
believe that we have structured our provider arrangements to comply with current Stark Law requirements. 

Nevertheless,
a determination of liability under such laws could result in fines and penalties and restrictions on our ability to operate in these
jurisdictions. 

Additionally,
as some of these laws are still evolving, we lack definitive guidance as to the application of certain key aspects of these laws as they
relate to our arrangements with providers with respect to patient training. We cannot predict the final form that these regulations will
take or the effect that the final regulations will have on us. As a result, our provider and training arrangements may ultimately be
found to be not in compliance with applicable federal law. 

False
Claims Act 

The
False Claims Act provides, in part, that the federal government may bring a lawsuit against any person whom it believes has knowingly
presented, or caused to be presented, a false or fraudulent request for payment from the federal government, or who has made a false
statement or used a false record to get a claim approved. In addition, amendments in 1986 to the False Claims Act have made it easier
for private parties to bring qui tam whistleblower lawsuits against companies under the False Claims Act. Penalties include
fines ranging from 5,500 to 11,000 for each false claim, plus three times the amount of damages that the federal government sustained
because of the act of that person. Qui tam actions have increased significantly in recent years, causing greater numbers of healthcare
companies to have to defend a false claim action, pay fines or be excluded from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal or state healthcare
programs as a result of an investigation arising out of such action. 

There
are other federal anti-fraud laws that prohibit, among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a
scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing
from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully
falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection
with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. 

Additionally,
HIPAA established two federal crimes related to making false statements in relation to healthcare matters. The healthcare fraud statute
prohibits knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private payors. A violation
of this statute is a felony and may result in fines, imprisonment or exclusion from government sponsored programs. The false statements
statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious
or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. A violation of this
statute is a felony and may result in fines or imprisonment. 

25 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

Civil
Monetary Penalties Law 

In
addition to the Anti-Kickback Statute and the False Claims Act, the federal government has the authority to seek civil monetary penalties,
or CMPs, assessments, and exclusion against an individual or entity based on a wide variety of prohibited conduct. For example, the Civil
Monetary Penalties Law authorizes the imposition of substantial CMPs against an entity that engages in activities including, but not
limited to: (1) knowingly presenting or causing to be presented, a claim for services not provided as claimed or which is otherwise false
or fraudulent in any way; (2) knowingly giving or causing to be given false or misleading information reasonably expected to influence
the decision to discharge a patient; (3) offering or giving remuneration to any beneficiary of a federal health care program likely to
influence the receipt of reimbursable items or services; (4) arranging for reimbursable services with an entity which is excluded from
participation from a federal health care program; (5) knowingly or willfully soliciting or receiving remuneration for a referral of a
federal health care program beneficiary; or (6) using a payment intended for a federal health care program beneficiary for another use.
The government is authorized to seek different amounts of CMPs and assessments based on underlying violation. For false or fraudulent
claims, the government may seek a penalty of up to 10,000 for each item or service improperly claimed, and an assessment of up to three
times the amount improperly claimed. For kickback violations, the government may seek a penalty of up to 50,000 for each improper act
and damages of up to three times the amount of remuneration at issue. 

State
Fraud and Abuse Provisions 

Many
states have also adopted some form of anti-kickback and anti-referral laws and a false claims act. We believe that we are in conformance
to such laws. Nevertheless, a determination of liability under such laws could result in fines and penalties and restrictions on our
ability to operate in these jurisdictions. 

Physician
Payment Sunshine Act 

Transparency
laws regarding payments or other items of value provided to healthcare providers and teaching hospitals may also impact our business
practices. The federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act requires most medical device manufacturers to report annually to the Secretary
of Human Health Services financial arrangements, payments, or other transfers of value made by that entity to physicians and teaching
hospitals. The payment information is made publicly available in a searchable format on a CMS website. Over the next several years, we
will need to dedicate significant resources to establish and maintain systems and processes in order to comply with these regulations.
Failure to comply with the reporting requirements can result in significant civil monetary penalties. Similar laws have been enacted
or are under consideration in foreign jurisdictions. 

Human
Capital 

As
of September 30, 2024, we had 17 employees, all of whom are full-time, eight of whom are engaged in research and development activities,
and all of whom are located in the United States. As of September 30, 2024, we also retained the services of approximately 8 regular
consultants. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our
relationship with our employees to be good. 

Corporate
Overview and History of NeuroOne, Inc. 

We
were originally incorporated as Original Source Entertainment, Inc. under the laws of the State of Nevada on August 20, 2009. On July
20, 2017, we acquired NeuroOne, Inc. (the Acquisition ). Immediately following the closing of the Acquisition, the business
of NeuroOne, Inc. became our sole focus, and we changed our name to NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation and we reincorporated in
Delaware. 

Members
of our management team have held senior leadership positions at a number of medical technology and biopharmaceutical companies, including
Boston Scientific, St. Jude Medical, Stryker Instruments, C.R. Bard, A-Med Systems, Nuwellis, Inc., formerly known as Sunshine Heart,
Empi, Don-Joy and PMT. 

Over
the years, our cortical sheet electrode and depth electrode technology have been tested by both WARF, the owners of our licensed patents,
and Mayo Clinic located in Rochester, Minnesota, in both pre-clinical models as well as through an institutional review board (IRB) approval
at Mayo Clinic for clinical research. In December 2020, we announced the first human commercial use of our Evo cortical electrode in
a procedure performed at the Mayo Clinic. Regarding our ablation electrode, the Cleveland Clinic and representatives from Emory University
have performed testing in bench top models and pre-clinical (or animal testing) models. These pre-clinical tests have demonstrated that
the technology is capable of recording, ablation and acute stimulation. 

26 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

Corporate
Information 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 7599 Anagram Drive, Eden Prairie, Minnesota 55344, and our telephone number is 952-426-1383.
Our website address is www.nmtc1.com Information on our website is not part of this Annual Report. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

The
risk factors summarized and detailed below could materially harm our business, operating results and financial condition, impair our
future prospects and cause the price of our common stock to decline. These are not all of the risks we face and other factors not presently
known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect our business if they occur. Material risks that may affect our
business, operating results and financial condition include, but are not necessarily limited to, those relating to: 

we
 have incurred significant operating losses since inception and cannot assure you that we
 will ever achieve or sustain profitability; 

our
 ability to continue our operations requires that we raise additional capital and our operations
 could be curtailed if we are unable to obtain the additional funding as or when needed; 

we
 will need to raise substantial additional funds in the future, and these funds may not be
 available on acceptable terms or at all. A failure to obtain this necessary capital when
 needed could force us to delay, limit, scale back or cease some or all operations; 

medical
 device development involves a lengthy and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome. We
 may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to
 complete, the development and commercialization of any product; 

changes
 in the configuration of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology
 under development may result in additional costs or delay; 

if
 we are unable to successfully develop, receive regulatory clearance/approval for and commercialize
 our technology and other products under development, or if we experience significant delays
 in doing so, our business will be harmed; 

failure
 to secure or retain coverage or adequate reimbursement for our cortical strip, grid electrode
 and depth electrode technology or future versions thereof, including the implantation procedures,
 by third-party payors could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating
 results; 

if
 our competitors are better able to develop and market products for the diagnosis and treatment
 of epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to
 failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorders that are safer, more effective,
 less costly, easier to use or otherwise more attractive than our cortical strip, grid electrode
 and depth electrode technology, our business will be adversely impacted; 

the
 size and future growth in the market for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode
 technology or our future neurological drugs delivery under development has not been established
 with precision and may be smaller than we estimate, possibly materially; 

we
 depend on intellectual property licensed from WARF for our technology under development,
 and the termination of this license would harm our business; 

we
 depend on our partnership with Mayo to license certain know how for the development and commercialization
 of our technology. Termination of this partnership would harm our business, and even if this
 partnership continues, it may not be successful; 

27 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

if
 we are unable to expand our sales and marketing infrastructure, we may not be successful
 in commercializing our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology in the
 United States; 

we
 contract with third parties for the manufacture of our products and technology under development
 and expect to continue to do so for clinical trials and commercialization. Risks associated
 with the manufacturing of our products could reduce our gross margins and negatively affect
 our operating results; 

if
 we or our third-party suppliers or manufacturers fail to comply with the FDA s good
 manufacturing practice regulations, this could impair our ability to market our products
 in a cost-effective and timely manner; 

potential
 complications from our products and technology that are currently unknown may come to light; 

if
 there are significant disruptions in our information technology systems, our business, financial
 condition and operating results could be adversely affected; 

we
 have entered into, and may enter into collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures,
 strategic alliances or partnerships with third parties that may not result in the development
 of commercially viable products or the generation of significant future revenues; 

our
 future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and
 motivate qualified personnel; 

we
 have been the victim of a cyber-related crime and our controls may not be successful in avoiding
 further cyber-related crimes in the future; 

our
 ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology is uncertain; 

we
 may be subject to damages resulting from claims that we, or our employees, have wrongfully
 used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of our competitors or are in breach of non-competition
 or non-solicitation agreements with our competitors; 

our
 products and operations are subject to extensive governmental regulation, and failure to
 comply with applicable requirements could cause our business to suffer; 

the
 price of our Common Stock might fluctuate significantly, and you could lose all or part of
 your investment; and 

we
 intend to issue more shares to raise capital, which will result in substantial dilution. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
have incurred significant operating losses since inception and cannot assure you that we will ever achieve or sustain profitability. 

We
have incurred losses since inception, and as of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 75.0 million primarily as a result
of expenses incurred in connection with our operations and from our research and development programs. We expect to continue to incur
significant expenses and increasing operating costs resulting in net losses for the foreseeable future, and management has raised substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. There was also substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern as of and for the year ended September 30, 2023. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through debt and
equity financings, and our primary activities have been limited to, and our limited resources have been dedicated to, performing business
and financial planning, raising capital, recruiting personnel, negotiating with business partners and the licensors of our intellectual
property and conducting development activities. 

28 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

To
implement our business strategy we need to, among other things, continue to develop all-in-one diagnostic and therapeutic solution, gain
approval for other brain or motor related disorders such as Parkinson s with the therapeutic technologies developed for epilepsy,
convince physicians and patients that our technology represents an improvement over existing diagnostic or treatment options, hire direct
experienced sales representatives to market our technology, and engage in beneficial partnerships that can leverage our core technology.
We have never been profitable and do not expect to be profitable in the foreseeable future. We expect our expenses to increase significantly
as we pursue our objectives. The extent of our future operating losses and the timing of profitability are highly uncertain, and we expect
to continue incurring significant expenses and operating losses over the next several years. Our prior losses have had, and will continue
to have, an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. Any additional operating losses may have an adverse
effect on our stockholders equity, and we cannot assure you that we will ever be able to achieve profitability. Even if we achieve
profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain
profitable would depress the value of our Company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, maintain our development
efforts, obtain regulatory approvals or continue our operations. 

We
have a limited operating history, making it difficult for you to evaluate our business and your investment. 

We
are an early-stage medical technology company which continues to develop and commercialize comprehensive neuromodulation cEEG and sEEG
monitoring, ablation, and brain stimulation solutions to diagnose and treat patients with epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia,
essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorders. Our operations are subject to
all of the risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including but not limited to the absence of an operating
history, lack of fully-developed or commercialized products, insufficient capital, expected substantial and continual losses for the
foreseeable future, limited experience in dealing with regulatory issues, lack of manufacturing and marketing experience, need to rely
on third parties for the development and commercialization of our proposed products, a competitive environment characterized by well-established
and well-capitalized competitors and reliance on key personnel. 

From
our inception through September 30, 2024, we have generated limited revenue from the commercial sales of our products. Because we have
generated very limited revenues from commercialization, our operations to date have been principally financed through public and private
offerings of our Common Stock and convertible debt and exercises of options and warrants. 

Investors
are subject to all the risks incident to the creation and development of a new business and each investor should be prepared to withstand
a complete loss of his, her or its investment. Furthermore, the accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that we
will continue as a going concern. However, the factors included above raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Our
Company has limited experience in medical device development and may not be able to successfully develop any device or therapy. Our ability
to become profitable depends primarily on: our ability to further develop our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology,
our successful completion of all necessary pre-clinical testing and clinical trials on such technology, our ability to obtain clearance
or approval for such technology and successfully commercialize such technology, our ongoing research and development efforts, the timing
and cost of clinical trials, our ability to identify personnel with the necessary skill sets or enter into favorable alliances with third-parties
who can provide substantial capabilities in clinical development, regulatory affairs, sales, marketing and distribution and our ability
to obtain and maintain necessary intellectual property rights to such technology. Our limited experience in medical device development
may make it more difficult for us to complete these tasks. 

29 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

Even
if we successfully develop and market such technology, we may not generate sufficient or sustainable revenue to achieve or sustain profitability,
which could cause us to cease operations and cause you to lose all of your investment. 

Zimmer
has exclusive global rights to distribute our strip and grid cortical electrodes, our electrode cable assembly products and our OneRF
product. We are reliant on Zimmer to drive the commercialization and sales of our products. Zimmer s failure to timely develop
or commercialize these products, or to achieve certain milestones, would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating
results. 

The
Company granted Zimmer an exclusive global right to distribute our strip and grid cortical electrodes and electrode cable assembly products
and our OneRF system. Additionally, we granted Zimmer the exclusive right and license to distribute certain depth electrodes developed
by the Company. We are reliant on Zimmer to drive the commercialization and sales of our products until 2034 under the Zimmer Amended
and Restated Distribution Agreement for the exclusive distribution, marketing and sales license provided to Zimmer. The collaboration
with Zimmer may not be successful due to several factors, including the following: 

Zimmer
may not be able to obtain from us or manufacture our products in a timely or cost-effective manner; 

Zimmer
may not timely perform its obligations under the Zimmer Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement or to achieve certain net sales milestones; 

Zimmer
may fail to effectively commercialize our products; or 

contractual
disputes or other disagreements between us and Zimmer, including those regarding the development, manufacture, and commercialization
of our products, interpretation of the Zimmer Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement, and ownership of proprietary rights. 

Any
of the foregoing could adversely impact the likelihood and timing of any payments we are eligible to receive under the Zimmer Amended
and Restated Distribution Agreement. If Zimmer does not perform its obligations under the Zimmer Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement,
sales would be substantially delayed and could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and prospects
and would likely cause our stock price to decline. 

Our
ability to continue our operations requires that we raise additional capital and our operations could be curtailed if we are unable to
obtain the additional funding as or when needed. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in the report on our financial statements as of and for
the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, noting the existence of substantial doubt about our ability to continue as
a going concern. The Company has incurred losses since inception, negative cash flows from operations, and an accumulated deficit of
 75.0 million as of September 30, 2024. To date, the Company s revenues have not been sufficient to cover its full operating costs,
and as such, it has been dependent on funding operations through the issuance of debt and sale of equity securities. At September 30,
2024, we had cash and cash equivalents in the aggregate of approximately 1.5 million. Our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments will not be sufficient to fund our operating expenses. To continue to fund operations, we will need to secure additional
funding. We may obtain additional financing in the future through the issuance of our Common Stock, through other equity or debt financings
or through collaborations or partnerships with other companies. We may not be able to raise additional capital on terms acceptable to
us, or at all. 

We
may be adversely affected by the effects of inflation. 

Inflation
has the potential to adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position and liquidity by increasing our overall
cost structure, particularly if we are unable to achieve commensurate increases in the prices we charge our customers. The existence
of inflation in the economy has the potential to result in higher interest rates and capital costs, supply shortages, increased costs
of labor and other similar effects. As a result of inflation, we may experience increases in the costs of labor, materials, and other
inputs, such as engineering consultants. Although we may take measures to mitigate the impact of this inflation, if these measures are
not effective our business, results of operations, financial position and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. Even if such
measures are effective, there could be a difference between the timing of when these beneficial actions impact our results of operations
and when the cost inflation is incurred. 

30 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

We
will need to raise substantial additional funds in the future, and these funds may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. A
failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed could force us to delay, limit, scale back or cease some or all operations. 

The
continued growth of our business, including the development, regulatory approval and commercialization of our cortical strip, grid electrode
and depth electrode technology, will significantly increase our expenses going forward. As a result, we will be required to seek substantial
additional funds in the future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

the
cost of further developing our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology; 

obtaining
and maintaining regulatory clearance or approval for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology; 

the
costs associated with commercializing our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology; 

any
change in our development priorities; 

the
revenue generated by sales of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology; 

the
costs associated with expanding our sales and marketing infrastructure for commercialization of our cortical strip grid electrode and
depth electrode technology; 

any
change in our plans regarding the manner in which we choose to commercialize any approved product in the United States; 

the
cost of ongoing compliance with regulatory requirements; 

expenses
we incur in connection with potential litigation or governmental investigations; 

expenses
and costs we incur in connection with changes in the economy and regulatory process; 

the
costs to develop additional intellectual property; 

anticipated
or unanticipated capital expenditures; and 

unanticipated
general and administrative expenses. 

As
a result of these and other factors, we do not know whether and the extent to which we may be required to raise additional capital. We
may in the future seek additional capital from public or private offerings of our capital stock, borrowings under credit lines or other
sources. 

We
may not be able to raise additional capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Any failure to raise additional capital could compromise
our ability to execute on our business plan, and we may be forced to liquidate our assets. In such a scenario, the values we receive
for our assets in liquidation or dissolution could be significantly lower than the values reflected in our financial statements. 

If
we issue additional equity or debt securities to raise additional funds, our existing stockholders may experience dilution, and the new
equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders. In addition, if we
raise additional funds through collaborations, licensing, joint ventures, strategic alliances, partnership arrangements or other similar
arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish valuable rights to our potential future products or proprietary technologies or grant
licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 

An
inability to obtain a supply of components and raw material products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Supply
of components and raw material products are generally available in quantities to meet the needs of the Company s business. We are
dependent on third-party manufacturers for the medical products that develops. An inability to obtain such components and raw material
products could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

31 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

We
depend on a limited number of third-party suppliers for the components of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology,
and the loss of any of these suppliers, or their inability to provide us with an adequate supply of materials, could harm our business. 

We
rely on third-party suppliers to supply and manufacture the components of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology.
For our business strategy to be successful, our suppliers must be able to provide us with components in sufficient quantities, in compliance
with regulatory requirements and quality control standards, in accordance with agreed upon specifications, at acceptable costs and on
a timely basis. Future increases in sales of our cortical strip and sheet electrode technology, if approved, whether expected or unanticipated,
could strain the ability of our suppliers to deliver an increasingly large supply of components and our cortical strip, grid electrode
and depth electrode technology in a manner that meets these various requirements. 

Production
of therapeutic products may require raw materials for which the sources and amount of supply are limited, or may be hindered by quality
or scheduling issues in respect of the third party suppliers over which the Company has limited control. An inability to obtain adequate
supplies of raw materials could significantly delay the development, regulatory approval and sales and marketing of a product. 

We
use a small number of suppliers of components for our products. Depending on a limited number of suppliers exposes us to risks, including
limited control over pricing, availability, quality and delivery schedules. We may not have long term supply agreements with our suppliers
and, in many cases, we may make our purchases on a purchase order basis. Our ability to purchase adequate quantities of components or
our products may be limited and we may not be able to convince suppliers to make components and products available to us. Additionally,
our suppliers may encounter problems that limit their ability to supply components or manufacture products for us, including financial
difficulties, damage to their manufacturing equipment or facilities, product discontinuations, or complications due to worldwide economic
and social instability. As a result, there is a risk that certain components could be discontinued and no longer available to us. We
may be required to make significant last time purchases of component inventory that is being discontinued by the supplier
to ensure supply continuity. If we fail to obtain sufficient quantities of high quality components to meet demand for our products in
a timely manner or on terms acceptable to us, we would have to seek alternative sources of supply. Because of factors such as the proprietary
nature of our products, our quality control standards and regulatory requirements, we may not be able to quickly engage additional or
replacement suppliers for some of our critical components. Failure of any supplier to deliver components at the level our business requires
could disrupt the manufacturing of our products and, if approved, limit our ability to meet our sales commitments, which could harm our
reputation and adversely affect our business. 

We
may not procure volumes sufficient to receive favorable pricing, which could impact our gross margins if we are unable to pass along
price differences to our customers. Recent global economic cost inflation trends could unfavorably impact pricing from our suppliers. 

Furthermore,
vandalism, terrorism or a natural or other disaster, such as an earthquake, fire or flood, could damage or destroy equipment, our inventory
of component supplies or finished products, cause substantial delays in development or our operations, result in the loss of key information,
and cause us to incur additional expenses. We maintain liability insurance and property casualty insurance, but it may not be adequate
to fully cover our losses in any particular case. In addition, regardless of the level of insurance coverage, damage to our or our suppliers 
facilities could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We
may also have difficulty obtaining similar components from other suppliers that are acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory agencies,
and the failure of any supplier to comply with strictly enforced regulatory requirements could expose us to regulatory action including
warning letters, product recalls, and termination of distribution, product seizures or civil penalties. It could also require us to cease
using the components, seek alternative components or technologies and modify our products to incorporate alternative components or technologies,
which could result in a requirement to seek additional regulatory approvals. Any disruption of this nature or increased expenses could
harm our development, approval or commercialization efforts and adversely affect our operating results. 

Changes
in the configuration of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology under development may result in additional
costs or delay. 

As
products are developed through pre-clinical testing and clinical trials towards approval and commercialization, it is common that various
aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods and configuration, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize
processes and results. Any changes we make carry the risk that they will not achieve the intended objectives. Any of these changes could
cause our products to perform differently and affect the results of planned clinical trials or other future clinical trials conducted
with the altered device. Such changes may also require additional testing, regulatory notification or regulatory approval. This could
delay completion of pre-clinical testing or clinical trials, increase costs, delay approval of our future products and jeopardize our
ability to commence sales and generate revenue. 

32 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

We
have three products which have each received 510(k) clearance from the FDA. If we are unable to successfully develop, and receive regulatory
clearance/approval for our other products under development, or if we experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be
harmed. 

Three
of our products have received 510(k) clearance from the FDA: (i) our Evo cortical electrode technology has received 510(k) clearance
from the FDA for recording, monitoring, and stimulating brain tissue on the surface of the brain for less than 30 days; (ii) our Evo
sEEG electrode technology has received 510(k) clearance from the FDA for use (less than 30 days) with recording, monitoring, and stimulation
equipment for recording, monitoring, and stimulation of electrical signals at the subsurface level of the brain; and our OneRF ablation
system has received 510(k) clearance from the FDA for creation of radiofrequency lesions in nervous tissue for functional neurosurgical
procedures. None of our other products have received clearance or approval for commercial sale. Our ability to generate revenue from
our developed products, if any, will depend heavily on their successful development and regulatory approval. 

For
our current products under continued development, clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years
to complete and is inherently uncertain as to outcome. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. Further,
the outcomes of completed clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical
trial do not necessarily predict final results. Clinical data is often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many
companies that have believed their products performed satisfactorily in clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing clearance
or approval. We have limited resources to complete the expensive process of medical device development, pre-clinical testing and clinical
trials, putting us at a disadvantage, particularly compared to some of our larger and established competitors, and we may not have sufficient
resources to commercialize our products under development in a timely fashion, if ever. 

We
may experience numerous unforeseen events during or as a result of clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive
marketing approval or commercialize our products, including: 

regulators
may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; 

the
failure to successfully complete pre-clinical testing requirements required by the FDA; 

we
may experience delays in reaching, or fail to reach, agreement on acceptable clinical trial contracts with third parties or clinical
trial protocols with prospective trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among
different trial sites; 

clinical
trials of our technology under development may produce negative or inconclusive results, including failure to demonstrate statistical
significance, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon our development programs; 

the
number of people with brain related disorders required for clinical trials may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical
trials may be slower than we anticipate or people may drop out of these clinical trials or fail to return for post-treatment follow-up
at a higher rate than we anticipate; 

our
products may have unanticipated adverse events, undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics, causing us or our investigators,
regulators or institutional review boards to suspend or terminate the trials; 

our
third-party contractors conducting the clinical trials may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations
to us in a timely manner, or at all; 

regulators
may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical development for various reasons, including noncompliance with
regulatory requirements or a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; 

the
cost of clinical trials of our products may be greater than we anticipate; 

the
supply or quality of our products or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our products may be insufficient or inadequate;
and 

delays
from our suppliers and manufacturers could impact clinical trial completion and impact revenue. 

33 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

If
we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology
under development beyond those that we contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials, if the results of these
trials or tests are not favorable or if there are safety concerns, we may: 

not
obtain marketing approval at all; 

be
delayed in obtaining marketing approval for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology under development in a
jurisdiction; 

be
subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; or 

have
our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology removed from the market after obtaining marketing approval. 

Our
development costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or marketing approvals. We do not know whether any of our clinical
trials will begin as planned, will need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, or at all. Significant clinical trial delays
also could allow our competitors to bring innovative products to market before we do and impair our ability to successfully commercialize
our products. 

Even
if we obtain regulatory clearance and/or approval for all of our products, we will remain subject to extensive regulatory scrutiny and
compliance obligations. 

Both
before and after a product is commercially released, we will have ongoing responsibilities under FDA regulations. We will also be subject
to periodic inspections by the FDA and comparable foreign authorities to determine compliance with regulatory requirements, such as the
Quality System Regulation, or QSR, of the FDA, medical device reporting regulations and regulations regarding notification, corrections,
and recalls. These inspections can result in observations or reports, warning letters or other similar notices or forms of enforcement
action. If the FDA concludes that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or that any of our products are ineffective
or pose an unreasonable health risk, it could ban these products, suspend or cancel our marketing authorizations, impose stop-sale 
and stop-import orders, detain or seize adulterated or misbranded products, order a recall, repair, replacement, correction
or refund of such products, or require us to notify health providers and others that the products present unreasonable risks of substantial
harm to the public health. Discovery of previously unknown problems with our product s design or manufacture may result in restrictions
on use, restrictions placed on us or our suppliers, or withdrawal of an existing regulatory clearance. The FDA may also impose operating
restrictions, enjoin and restrain certain violations of applicable law pertaining to medical devices, assess civil or criminal penalties
against our officers, employees or us, or recommend criminal prosecution of our Company. Adverse regulatory action may restrict us from
effectively marketing and selling our products. In addition, negative publicity and product liability claims resulting from any adverse
regulatory action could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

In
addition, even though we have obtained FDA clearance to market two of our products, and even if we obtain the proper regulatory approval
or clearance to market any additional products under development, the FDA has the power to require us to conduct post-market surveillance
studies, which are designed to identify adverse events, device malfunctions or complaints from patients implanted with the device during
a specified period after the commencement of commercial use in the U.S. The FDA may also require us to conduct post-approval studies
to further monitor the safety and/or effectiveness of our products. Failure to conduct required surveillance or studies in a timely manner
could result in the revocation of the approved PMA product that is subject to such a requirement and could also result in the recall
or withdrawal of the product, which would prevent us from generating sales from that product in the United States. 

34 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

We
may not be successful in commercializing our technology. 

We
anticipate that we will derive nearly all of our revenue from the sales of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology
or future versions thereof. 

Moreover,
we expect the revenue opportunity for additional uses of our technology to be greater than the technology and uses that have currently
been cleared by the FDA, and so we believe our ability to generate significant revenue in the future will be dependent upon the receipt
of additional FDA clearances. 

Our
revenue will be dependent, in part, upon the size of the markets in which we gain regulatory approval, the accepted price for the product,
the ability to obtain coverage and reimbursement, and whether we own the commercial rights for that territory. If the number of people
we target is not as significant as we estimate or the treatment population is narrowed by competition, physician choice or treatment
guidelines, we may not generate significant revenue from sales of such products, even if approved. 

The
success of any products that we develop will depend on several factors, including: 

receipt
of timely commercialization approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 

our
ability to procure and maintain suppliers and manufacturers of the components of our current cortical strip, grid electrode and depth
electrode technology and future versions; 

market
acceptance of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology by people with epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia,
essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorders, the medical community and third-party
payors; 

our
success in educating healthcare providers and people with epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain
due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorders about the benefits, administration and use of our cortical strip,
grid electrode and depth electrode technology and future versions; 

the
prevalence and severity of adverse events and public health emergencies such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

the
perceived advantages, cost, safety, convenience and accuracy of alternative therapies; 

obtaining
and maintaining patent, trademark and trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth
electrode technology and otherwise protecting our rights in our intellectual property portfolio; 

maintaining
compliance with regulatory requirements, including current good manufacturing practices; and 

obtaining
and maintaining a continued acceptable performance and safety profile of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology. 

The
continuing development and commercialization of our products depends upon us maintaining strong relationships with academic and healthcare
institutions and professionals. 

If
we fail to maintain our strong working relationships with healthcare and academic institutions and their professionals such as the Mayo
Clinic, the Cleveland Clinic and Emory University, many of our products may not be developed and marketed in line with the needs and
expectations of the professionals who use and support our products, which could cause a decline in our earnings and profitability. The
development, marketing and sales of many of our products depends on our maintaining working relationships with healthcare institutions
and professionals. We rely on these professionals to provide us with considerable knowledge and experience regarding the development,
marketing and sale of our products. If we are unable to maintain strong relationships with these institutions and professionals, the
development and marketing of our products could suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
financial condition, and cash flows. 

35 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

Our
success depends on our ability to continue to develop, commercialize and gain market acceptance for our products and technology. 

Our
current business strategy is highly dependent on developing and commercially launching our products and technology and achieving and
maintaining market acceptance. In order for us to sell cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology to people with epilepsy,
Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorders,
we must convince them, their caregivers and healthcare providers that our technology offers meaningful advantages over existing solutions
for neuromodulation, cEEG and sEEG recording, ablation, and brain stimulation. Key challenges include overcoming physician preference
for established competitive products and demonstrating superior clinical outcomes. Several factors could negatively impact market acceptance,
including: failure to gain support from key opinion leaders, insufficient clinical evidence supporting our technology s benefits,
perceived risks associated with the technology, introduction of competitive products, adverse clinical trial results, loss of regulatory
approvals, or adverse publicity. Healthcare providers typically adopt new technologies slowly due to liability concerns and reimbursement
uncertainties. 

In
addition, people with such medical conditions, their caregivers or healthcare providers may perceive our products and technology to be
more complicated or less effective than current technology, and people may be unwilling to change their current regimens. Moreover, we
believe that healthcare providers tend to be slow to change their medical treatment practices because of perceived liability risks arising
from the use of new products and the uncertainty of third-party reimbursement. Accordingly, healthcare providers may not recommend our
cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology until, if ever, there is sufficient evidence to convince them to alter
the treatment methods they typically recommend, such as receiving recommendations from prominent healthcare providers or other key opinion
leaders in the community. 

If
we fail to convince patients, caregivers, and healthcare providers of our technology s benefits or cannot achieve widespread market
acceptance, our sales potential and strategic objectives would be compromised, adversely affecting our business, financial condition,
and operating results. 

Failure
to secure or retain coverage or adequate reimbursement for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology or future
versions thereof, including the implantation procedures, by third-party payors could adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. 

We
plan to derive nearly all of our revenue from sales of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology, in the United
States and expect to do so for the next several years. We anticipate a substantial portion of the purchase price of our cortical strip,
grid electrode and depth electrode technology will be paid for by third-party payors, including private insurance companies, preferred
provider organizations and other managed care providers. Patients who receive treatment for their medical conditions and their healthcare
providers generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their medical treatment, including
healthcare providers services. Coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors, including governmental healthcare
programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and commercial payors, is critical to new product acceptance. Future sales of our cortical strip,
grid electrode and depth electrode technology will be limited unless people with epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential
tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorders can rely on third-party payors to pay for
all or part of the cost to purchase our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology. Access to adequate coverage and
reimbursement for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology by third-party payors is essential to the acceptance
of our products by people with epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries
and other related neurological disorders. 

36 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

In
the United States, a third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for our products does not imply that an adequate reimbursement
rate will be obtained. Further, one third-party payor s decision to cover our products does not assure that other payors will also
provide coverage for the products or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. Healthcare providers may choose not to
order a product unless third-party payors pay a substantial portion of the product. Within and outside the United States, reimbursement
is obtained from a variety of sources, including government-sponsored and private health insurance plans. These third-party payors determine
whether to provide coverage and reimbursement for specific products and procedures. Coverage determinations and reimbursement levels
of both our products and the healthcare provider s performance of the insertion and removal procedures are critical to the commercial
success of our product, and if we are not able to secure positive coverage determinations and reimbursement levels for our products or
the insertion and removal procedures, our business would be materially adversely affected. 

In
addition, there may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the
product is cleared by the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any
product will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution.
Payment rates may vary according to the use of the product and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed
for lower cost products that are already reimbursed, and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for
products may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or third-party payors and by any
future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of products from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the
United States. 

Because
there is generally no separate reimbursement for medical devices and other supplies used in such procedures, including our cortical strip,
grid electrode and depth electrode technology, and because we believe that our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology,
if approved, would be adequately described by existing DRG and ICD-9 codes for epilepsy surgery, some of our target customers may be
unwilling to adopt our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology over more established or lower cost therapeutic
alternatives already available or subsequently become available. Further, any decline in the amount payors are willing to reimburse our
customers for procedures using our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology could make it difficult for new customers
to adopt our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology and could create additional pricing pressure for us, which
could adversely affect our ability to invest in and grow our business. 

Third-party
payors, whether governmental or commercial, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs. In addition,
in the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for medical device products and services exists among third-party
payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for medical device products and services can differ significantly from payor to payor.
In addition, payors continually review new technologies for possible coverage and can, without notice, deny coverage for these new products
and procedures. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to
provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate
reimbursement will be obtained, or maintained if obtained. 

If
sufficient coverage and reimbursement is not available for our any product we develop, in the United States, the demand for our products
and our revenues will be adversely affected. 

Reimbursement
by Medicare is highly regulated and subject to change. 

Medicare
program is administered by CMS, which imposes extensive and detailed requirements on medical services providers, including, but not limited
to, rules that govern how we structure our relationships with physicians, and how and where we provide our solutions. Our failure to
comply with applicable Medicare rules could result in discontinuing the ability for physicians to receive reimbursement as they will
likely utilize our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology under the Medicare payment program, civil monetary penalties,
and/or criminal penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and revenues. 

37 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

If
our competitors are better able to develop and market products for the diagnosis and treatment of epilepsy, Parkinson s disease,
dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorders that are safer, more
effective, less costly, easier to use or otherwise more attractive than our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology,
our business will be adversely impacted. 

The
medical device industry is highly competitive and subject to technological change. Our success depends, in part, upon our ability to
establish a competitive position in the market for the diagnosis and treatment of epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential
tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorders by securing broad market acceptance of our
cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology. Any product we develop that achieves regulatory clearance or approval
will have to compete for market acceptance and market share. We believe that the primary competitive factors of our cortical strip, grid
electrode and depth electrode technology will be: reduced infections, ability to record additional brain activity, minimally invasive
surgical procedure, ease of use and cost effectiveness. We face significant competition in the United States and internationally, which
we believe will intensify. For example, our major competitors are: (i) in the market for diagnosis, PMT, Ad-Tec Medical and Integra Lifesciences,
(ii) in the market for neuro-ablation, Medtronic and Monteris Medical and (iii) in the market for neurostimulation, Medtronic, Boston
Scientific, NeuroPace Biotronik and Abbott. Each of the foregoing competitors has systems approved in the United States and certain foreign
jurisdictions and has been established for several years. We face a particular challenge overcoming the long-standing practices by some
physicians of using the existing technology of our larger, more established competitors. Physicians may be reluctant to try new products
from a source with which they are less familiar. If these physicians do not try to subsequently adopt our product, then we may never
achieve profitability and such failure to adopt our product could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and operating results. 

In
addition to facing competition from major competitors and potentially our development partner, we may also face competition from other
emerging competitors or smaller companies with active development programs that may emerge in the future. 

Many
of the companies developing or marketing competing products enjoy several advantages over us, including: 

more
experienced sales forces; 

greater
name recognition; 

more
established sales and marketing programs and distribution networks; 

earlier
regulatory clearance or approval in the United States or foreign jurisdictions; 

long
established relationships with physicians and hospitals; 

significant
patent portfolios, including issued U.S. and foreign patents and pending patent applications, as well as the resources to enforce patents
against us or any of our third-party suppliers and distributors; 

the
ability to acquire and integrate our competitors and/or their technology; 

demonstrated
ability to develop product enhancements and new product offerings; 

established
history of product reliability, safety and durability; 

the
ability to offer rebates or bundle multiple product offerings to offer greater discounts or incentives; 

greater
financial and human resources for product development, sales, and marketing; and 

greater
experience in and resources for conducting research and development, clinical studies, manufacturing, preparing regulatory submissions,
obtaining regulatory clearance or approval for products and marketing approved products. 

Our
competitors may develop and patent processes or products earlier than us, obtain patents that may apply to us at any time, obtain regulatory
clearance or approvals for competing products more rapidly than us or develop more effective or less expensive products or technologies
that render our technology or products obsolete or less competitive. Furthermore, the frequent introduction by competitors of products
that are, or claim to be, superior to our products may create market confusion that may make it difficult to differentiate the benefits
of our products over competitive products. In addition, the entry of multiple new products may lead some of our competitors to employ
pricing strategies that could adversely affect the pricing of any product we may develop and commercialize. We also face fierce competition
in recruiting and retaining qualified sales, scientific, and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and enrolling patients
in clinical studies. If our competitors are more successful than us in these matters, our business may be harmed. 

38 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

The
size and future growth in the market for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology and for other future products
and technology under development have not been established with precision and may be smaller than we estimate, possibly materially. If
our estimates and projections overestimate the size of these markets, our sales growth may be adversely affected. 

The
size and future growth potential of the market for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology and other future
products and technology under development may be materially smaller than our estimates. Our market projections are based on internal
and third-party studies, current treatment patterns, and our belief that the incidence of targeted neurological disorders (including
epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, and chronic pain from failed back surgeries) is increasing in the United
States and worldwide. 

While
we believe these factors provide reliable tools for market estimation, the underlying assumptions and conditions may change, affecting
their predictive accuracy. If our assumptions about disease incidence rates or potential market demand prove incorrect, the actual market
size and growth potential could be materially different from our projections. Any overestimation of the market opportunity could adversely
impact our projected sales growth and overall business performance. 

We
depend on intellectual property licensed from WARF for our technology, including our technology under development, and the termination
of this license would harm our business. 

WARF
has granted us the WARF License, to make, use and sell, in the United States only, products that employ certain licensed patents for
a neural probe array or thin-film micro electrode array and method. See Business - WARF License for additional information
regarding our license agreement with WARF. 

WARF
may terminate this license in the event that we default on the payments of amounts due to WARF or fail to timely submit development reports,
actively pursue our development plan or breach any other covenant in the WARF License and fail to remedy such default in 90 days or in
the event of certain bankruptcy events involving us. WARF may also terminate this license if, after royalties earned on sales begin to
be paid, such earned royalties cease for more than four calendar quarters. The WARF License otherwise expires by its terms on the date
that no valid claims on the patents licensed thereunder remain. 

Disputes
may arise between us and WARF regarding intellectual property subject to this agreement, including with respect to: the scope of rights
granted under the WARF License and other interpretation-related issues; whether and the extent to which our technology and processes
infringe on intellectual property of WARF that is not subject to the WARF License; the amount and timing of milestones and royalty payments;
the rights of WARF under the license; our right to sublicense; and the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the WARF License.
For example, if we or any of our sublicensees for any reason contest the validity of any patent licensed under the WARF License, the
royalty rate will be doubled during the pendency of such contest and, if the contested patent is found to be valid and would be infringed
by us if not for the WARF License, the royalty rate will be tripled for the remaining term of the WARF License. 

Any
disputes with WARF may prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangement. We depend on the intellectual property
licensed from WARF to develop our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology. The original license agreement entered
into with WARF in 2014 required that we meet certain milestones and make certain payments to WARF. We failed to do so and were in default
under the original license agreement. Furthermore, the LLC was not able to transfer the rights and obligations under the 2014 WARF Agreement
to us at the time of the Merger without the consent of WARF. As a result, in February 2017, we signed an amendment to the WARF License
which, among other things, modified and removed certain previous milestones and provided WARF s consent to such transfer. Because
of this past breach, WARF may be less likely to waive future defaults or breaches or further amend the WARF License in the future, to
the extent we request any waiver or amendment. See Note 4 - Commitments and Contingencies included in Item 8 -
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report. 

39 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

Termination
of our license could result in the loss of significant rights and would harm our ability to further develop our cortical strip, grid
electrode and depth electrode technology. In addition, WARF reserves the right to grant non-profit research institutions and government
agencies non-exclusive licenses to practice and use the inventions of the licensed patents for non-commercial research purposes, and
we grant WARF a non-exclusive, sub-licensable, royalty-free right and license for non-commercial research purposes to use improvements
to the licensed patents. In the event that we discontinue use or commercialization of the licensed patents or improvements thereon, we
must grant WARF an option to obtain a non-exclusive, sub-licensable royalty-bearing license to use the improvements for commercial purposes.
Such rights, if exercised by WARF, could harm our ability to develop and commercialize our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode
technology. 

We
depend on our partnership with Mayo to license certain know how for the development and commercialization of our technology. Termination
of this partnership would harm our business, and even if this partnership continues, it may not be successful. 

We
have entered into the Mayo Development Agreement to (i) exclusively license worldwide certain Mayo improvements for the development and
commercialization of products, methods and processes related to flexible circuit technology for the recording and stimulation of tissue
and (ii) license, on a non-exclusive basis, worldwide Mayo thin film electrode technology know-how for the development and commercialization
of products, methods and processes related to flexible circuit technology for the recording and stimulation of tissue. Mayo has agreed
to assist the Company by providing access to the Mayo Principal Investigators in developing a minimally invasive device/delivery system
and procedure for a minimally invasive approach for the implantation of any flexible circuit technology developed by the Company, including
prototype development, animal testing, protocol development for human and animal use, abstract development and presentation and access
to and license of any intellectual property that the Mayo Principal Investigators develop relating to the procedure. See Business-Mayo
Foundation for Medical Education and Research License and Development Agreement for additional information regarding our agreement
with Mayo. 

The
Mayo Development Agreement generally will expire in October 2034, unless the Mayo know-how and improvements under the Mayo Development
Agreement remain in use, and the Mayo Development Agreement may be terminated by Mayo for cause or under certain circumstances. Mayo
and the Company may not be successful in their efforts to develop any product, method, process, device, delivery system or minimally
invasive approach by such expiration date or termination, if at all. If no such minimally invasive device or delivery system and procedure
for minimally invasive approach is developed, the Company may never receive regulatory approval of its cortical strip, grid electrode
and depth electrode technology under development or the market may never accept such technology, if approved. 

Disputes
may arise between us and Mayo regarding intellectual property subject to the Mayo Development Agreement or other matters, including with
respect to: the scope of rights granted under the agreement and other interpretation-related issues; the amount and timing of payments;
the rights and obligations of Mayo under the license agreement; and the ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint
creation or use of intellectual property by Mayo and us. 

Any
disputes with Mayo may prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current arrangement. We depend on the intellectual property licensed
from and development assistance from Mayo to develop our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to continue to comply with the Mayo Development Agreement. In fact, the original license and development agreement
entered into with Mayo in 2014 required that, upon the Merger with the LLC, we make certain payments and issue shares of Common Stock
to Mayo, which we failed to do at such time. 

40 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

We
contract with third parties for the manufacture of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology and for our future
products and technology under development, and expect to continue to do so for clinical trials and commercialization. Risks associated
with the manufacturing of our products could reduce our gross margins and negatively affect our operating results. 

We
currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the manufacture of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth
electrode technology. Therefore, our business strategy depends on our third-party manufacturers ability to manufacture our cortical
strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology and future generations thereof in sufficient quantities and on a timely basis so
as to meet consumer demand, while adhering to product quality standards, complying with regulatory requirements and managing manufacturing
costs. To date, we have only manufactured small quantities of our cortical electrodes. As a result, we currently have limited data and
experience regarding the quality, reliability and timeliness of our third-party manufacturers. 

We
are subject to numerous risks relating to the manufacturing capabilities of our third-party manufacturers, including: 

quality
or reliability defects; 

inability
to secure product components in a timely manner, in sufficient quantities or on commercially reasonable terms; 

failure
 to increase production to meet demand; 

inability
 to modify production lines to enable us to efficiently produce future products or implement
 changes in current products in response to regulatory requirements; 

difficulty
 identifying and qualifying alternative manufacturers in a timely manner; 

inability
 to manufacture product components cost-effectively; 

inability
 to establish agreements with future third-party manufacturers or to do so on acceptable terms; 

potential
 damage to or destruction of our manufacturers equipment or facilities; 

failure
 to complete sterilization on time or in compliance with the required regulatory standards; 

transportation
 and import and export risk; 

delays
 in analytical results or failure of analytical techniques that we will depend on for quality
 control and release of products; 

natural
 disasters, labor disputes, financial distress, raw material availability, issues with facilities
 and equipment or other forms of disruption to business operations affecting our manufacturers
 or suppliers; or 

latent
 defects that may become apparent after products have been released and that may result in
 a recall of such products. 

These
risks are likely to be exacerbated by our limited experience with our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology and
its manufacturing process. As demand for our products increases, our third-party suppliers will need to invest additional resources to
purchase components, hire and train employees, and enhance their manufacturing processes. If our manufacturers fail to increase production
capacity efficiently, our sales may not increase in line with our expectations and our operating margins could fluctuate or decline.
In addition, manufacturing any future versions of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology may require the modification
of production lines, the identification of new manufacturers for specific components, or the development of new manufacturing technologies.
It may not be possible for us to manufacture these products at a cost or in quantities sufficient to make any future versions of our
cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology commercially viable. 

Potential
complications from our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology that are currently unknown may come to light. 

Based
on our industry experience and the experience of the physicians that use products similar to our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth
electrode technology, complications from use of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology may include post-operative
hemorrhage, infection, brain inflammation, brain tissue necrosis, inability to accurately localize the epileptogenic focus (the area
of the cerebral cortex responsible for causing epileptic seizures), neurologic deficit (abnormal function of a body area due to weaker
function of the brain, spinal cord, muscles or nerves, such as abnormal reflexes, inability to speak and decreased sensation) and extra
axial fluid collections (fluid that occurs in the brain after surgery). If these or unanticipated complications or side-effects result
from the use of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology, our product development may be delayed, we may not
be able to obtain regulatory clearance or approval for certain products, we could be subject to liability and, even for cleared/approved
products, our technology would not be widely adopted. We cannot assure you that use, even for a limited time, would not result in unanticipated
complications, even after the device is removed. 

41 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

Undetected
errors or defects in our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology under development or future versions thereof could
harm our reputation, decrease the market acceptance of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology or expose us
to product liability claims adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations or liquidity. 

Our
cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology may contain undetected errors or defects. As a result, we may be subject
to warranty and liability claims for damages related to errors or defects in such products. A material liability claim or other occurrence
that harms our reputation or decreases market acceptance of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology could harm
our business and operating results. This risk exists even if a device is cleared or approved for commercial sale and manufactured in
facilities licensed and regulated by the FDA or an applicable foreign regulatory authority. Our products are designed to affect, and
any future products will be designed to affect, important bodily functions and processes. Any side effects, manufacturing defects, misuse
or abuse associated with our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology or future versions thereof could result in
patient injury or death. The medical device industry has historically been subject to extensive litigation over product liability claims,
and we cannot offer any assurance that we will not face product liability lawsuits. Our clinical and commercial product liability insurance
coverage may not be sufficient to cover claims that may be made against us. In addition, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage
at a reasonable cost, or in sufficient amounts or scope, to protect us against losses. Any claims against us, regardless of their merit,
could severely harm our financial condition, strain our management team and other resources, and adversely impact or eliminate the prospects
for commercialization of the product candidate, or sale of the product, which that is the subject of any such claim. 

The
sale and use of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology or future versions thereof could lead to the filing
of product liability claims if someone were to allege that our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology or one of
our products contained a design or manufacturing defect. A product liability claim could result in substantial damages and be costly
and time consuming to defend, either of which could materially harm our business or financial condition. Product liability claims may
be brought against us by patients, healthcare providers or others selling or otherwise coming into contact with our products, among others.
If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we will incur substantial liabilities and reputational harm.
In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: 

litigation; 

distraction
 of management s attention from our primary business; 

the
 inability to commercialize our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology; 

decreased
 demand; 

damage
 to our business reputation; 

product
 recalls or withdrawals from the market; 

withdrawal
 of clinical trial participants; 

substantial
 monetary awards or settlements to patients or other claimants; or 

loss
 of revenue. 

Product
liability lawsuits and claims, safety alerts or product recalls, with or without merit, could cause us to incur substantial costs, delay
our product development efforts, place a significant strain on our financial resources, divert the attention of management from our core
business, harm our reputation, increase our product liability insurance rates, once we obtain such insurance, or prevent us from securing
such insurance coverage in the future and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers, if approved, any of which could
harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We
currently maintain commercial product liability insurance with an aggregate limit of 5,000,000. We cannot be assured that such insurance
would adequately protect our assets from the financial impact of defending a product liability claim because these policies typically
have substantial deductibles. Product liability claims in excess of applicable insurance coverage would negatively impact our business,
financial condition and operating results. Insurance coverage varies in cost and can be difficult to obtain, and we cannot guarantee
that we will be able to obtain insurance coverage in the future on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

42 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

We
depend on sophisticated information technology systems, and any breach or disruption affecting these systems could adversely affect our
business, financial condition and operating results. 

The
efficient operation of our business depends on our information technology systems, which we use to manage product development tasks,
research and development data and accounting and financial functions. In the future, we may rely on our information technology systems
for inventory management and technical support functions. Our information technology systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption
from earthquakes, fires, floods, other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, attacks by computer viruses or hackers, power losses, and
computer system or data network failures. 

In
addition, our data management application and a variety of our software systems are hosted by third-party service providers whose security
and information technology systems are subject to similar risks. If our, or our third-party service provider s, security systems
are breached or fail, unauthorized persons may be able to obtain access to sensitive data. 

To
the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate
disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability. The failure of our or our service providers information
technology systems or our transmitter s software to perform as we anticipate or our failure to effectively implement new information
technology systems could disrupt our entire operation, adversely affect our products, or result in delays in our product development,
clinical trial or commercialization efforts, increased overhead costs and damage our reputation. Any of these results could negatively
affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We
have entered into, and may enter into additional collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances or partnerships
with third-parties that may not result in the development of commercially viable products or the generation of significant future revenues. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we may enter into collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances,
partnerships or other arrangements to develop products and to pursue new markets. Proposing, negotiating and implementing collaborations,
in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances or partnerships may be a lengthy and complex process. Other companies,
including those with substantially greater financial, marketing, sales, technology or other business resources, may compete with us for
these opportunities or arrangements. We may not identify, secure, or complete any such transactions or arrangements in a timely manner,
on a cost-effective basis, on acceptable terms or at all. We have limited institutional knowledge and experience with respect to these
business development activities, and we may also not realize the anticipated benefits of any such transaction or arrangement. In particular,
these collaborations may not result in the development of products that achieve commercial success or result in significant revenues
and could be terminated prior to developing any products. 

Additionally,
we may not be in a position to exercise sole decision making authority regarding the transaction or arrangement, which could create the
potential risk of creating impasses on decisions, and our future collaborators may have economic or business interests or goals that
are, or that may become, inconsistent with our business interests or goals. It is possible that conflicts may arise with our collaborators,
such as conflicts concerning the achievement of performance milestones, or the interpretation of significant terms under any agreement,
such as those related to financial obligations or the ownership or control of intellectual property developed during the collaboration.
If any conflicts arise with any future collaborators, they may act in their self-interest, which may be adverse to our best interest,
and they may breach their obligations to us. In addition, we may have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that any
future collaborators devote to our or their future products. Disputes between us and our collaborators may result in litigation or arbitration
which would increase our expenses and divert the attention of our management. Further, these transactions and arrangements will be contractual
in nature and will generally be terminable under the terms of the applicable agreements and, in such event, we may not continue to have
rights to the products relating to such transaction or arrangement or may need to purchase such rights at a premium. 

43 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

If
we enter into in-bound intellectual property license agreements, we may not be able to fully protect the licensed intellectual property
rights or maintain those licenses. Future licensors could retain the right to prosecute and defend the intellectual property rights licensed
to us, in which case we would depend on the ability of our licensors to obtain, maintain and enforce intellectual property protection
for the licensed intellectual property. These licensors may determine not to pursue litigation against other companies or may pursue
such litigation less aggressively than we would. Further, entering into such license agreements could impose various diligence, commercialization,
royalty or other obligations on us. Future licensors may allege that we have breached our license agreement with them, and accordingly
seek to terminate our license, which could adversely affect our competitive business position and harm our business prospects. 

We
have been the victim of a cyber-related crime and our controls may not be successful in avoiding further cyber-related crimes in the
future. 

In
January 2023, we were the victim of a business email compromise fraud which resulted in our incurring a loss of approximately 0.1 million.
We have worked with law enforcement authorities and the banks involved in the wire transfer to pursue recovery of the 0.1 million, but
at this time we do not expect that we will be able to recover such funds. Enhancements have been made to our controls relating to electronic
payments by or for us that we believe will reduce our risk of becoming a victim of future frauds related to our payments, including by
wire transfers. However, cyber-related criminal activities continue to evolve and increase in sophistication, frequency and severity.
As a result, the control enhancements that have been made, and any additional enhancements that may be made in the future, to our controls
may not be successful in avoiding our becoming a victim to further cyber-related crimes. 

Risks
Related to our Intellectual Property 

Our
ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology is uncertain. 

The
medical device market in which we operate is largely technology driven. We rely primarily on patent, trademark and trade secret laws,
as well as confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements, to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technologies. We continue
to review new technological developments in order to make decisions about what additional filings would be the most appropriate for us.
We also plan to seek patent protection for our proprietary technology in select countries internationally. If we fail to timely file
a patent application in any jurisdiction, we may be precluded from doing so at a later date. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that any
patent application will be approved in a timely manner or at all. The rights granted to us under our patents, and the rights we are seeking
to have granted in our pending patent applications, may not be meaningful or provide us with any commercial advantage. In addition, those
rights could be opposed, contested or circumvented by our competitors, or be declared invalid or unenforceable in judicial or administrative
proceedings. The failure of our patents to adequately protect our technology might make it easier for our competitors to offer the same
or similar products or technologies. Even if we are successful in receiving patent protection for certain products and processes, our
competitors may be able to design around our patents or develop products that provide outcomes which are comparable to ours without infringing
our intellectual property rights. Due to differences between foreign and U.S. patent laws, our patented intellectual property rights
may not receive the same degree of protection in foreign countries as they would in the United States. Even if patents are granted outside
the United States, effective enforcement in those countries may not be available. 

We
rely on our trademarks and trade names to distinguish our products from the products of our competitors, and have registered or applied
to register many of these trademarks. For example, we have a registered U.S. trademark for the EVO trademark. We cannot
assure you that our trademark applications will be approved in a timely manner or at all. Third parties also may oppose our trademark
applications, or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could
be forced to rebrand our products, which could result in loss of brand recognition, and could require us to devote additional resources
to marketing new brands. Further, we cannot assure you that competitors will not infringe upon our trademarks, or that we will have adequate
resources to enforce our trademarks. 

44 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

We
also rely on trade secrets, know-how and technology, which are not protectable by patents, to maintain our competitive position. We try
to protect this information by entering into confidentiality agreements and intellectual property assignment agreements with our officers,
employees, temporary employees and consultants regarding our intellectual property and proprietary technology. In the event of unauthorized
use or disclosure or other breaches of those agreements, we may not be provided with meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other
proprietary information. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. To
the extent that our commercial partners, collaborators, employees and consultants use intellectual property owned by others in their
work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in the related or resulting know-how and inventions. If any of our trade secrets, know-how
or other technologies not protected by a patent were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our business, financial
condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

If
a competitor infringes upon one of our patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights, enforcing those patents, trademarks
and other rights may be difficult and time-consuming. Patent law relating to the scope of claims in the industry in which we operate
is subject to rapid change and constant evolution and, consequently, patent positions in our industry can be uncertain. Even if successful,
litigation to defend our patents and trademarks against challenges or to enforce our intellectual property rights could be expensive
and time consuming and could divert management s attention from managing our business. Moreover, we may not have sufficient resources
or desire to defend our patents or trademarks against challenges or to enforce our intellectual property rights. Litigation also puts
our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing. Additionally, we
may provoke third-parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies
awarded, if any, may not be commercially valuable. The occurrence of any of these events may harm our business, financial condition and
operating results. 

There
is limited market awareness of our technology, and we may not be able to establish or strengthen our brand. 

There
is currently limited market awareness of our technology. We believe that establishing and strengthening our brand is critical to achieving
widespread acceptance of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology. Promoting and positioning our brand, and
increasing market awareness of our technology, will depend largely on the success of our marketing efforts and our ability to provide
physicians with a reliable product for successful treatment of brain-related disorders. Additionally, we believe the quality and reliability
of our product is critical to building physician support in the United States, and any negative publicity regarding the quality or reliability
of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology could significantly damage our reputation in the market. Further,
given the established nature of our competitors, it is likely that our future marketing efforts will require us to incur significant
additional expenses. These brand promotion activities may not yield increased sales and, even if they do, any sales increases may not
offset the expenses we incur to promote our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, or if we incur substantial
expenses in an unsuccessful attempt to promote and maintain our brand, our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology
may not be accepted by physicians, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
could become subject to patent litigation that could be costly, result in the diversion of management s time and efforts, stop
our development and commercialization measures or require us to pay damages. 

Our
success will depend in part on not infringing the patents or violating the other proprietary rights of third-parties. Significant litigation
regarding patent rights exists in our industry. Our competitors in both the United States and abroad, many of which have substantially
greater resources and have made substantial investments in competing technologies, may have applied for or obtained or may in the future
apply for and obtain, patents that will prevent, limit or otherwise interfere with our ability to make and sell our products. The large
number of patents, the rapid rate of new patent issuances, and the complexities of the technology involved increase the risk of patent
litigation. 

In
the future, we could receive communications from various industry participants alleging our infringement of their intellectual property
rights. Any potential intellectual property litigation could force us to do one or more of the following: 

stop
 selling our products or using technology that contains the allegedly infringing intellectual
 property; 

incur
 significant legal expenses; 

pay
 substantial damages to the party whose intellectual property rights we are allegedly infringing; 

redesign
 those products that contain the allegedly infringing intellectual property; or 

attempt
 to obtain a license to the relevant intellectual property from third-parties, which may not
 be available on reasonable terms or at all, and if available, may be non-exclusive, thereby
 giving our competitors access to the same technology. 

45 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

Patent
litigation can involve complex factual and legal questions, and its outcome is uncertain. Any litigation or claim against us, even those
without merit, may cause us to incur substantial costs, and could place a significant strain on our financial resources, divert the attention
of management from our core business and harm our reputation. Further, as the number of participants in the neurostimulation market increases,
the possibility of intellectual property infringement claims against us increases. 

We
may be subject to damages resulting from claims that we, or our employees, have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of
our competitors or are in breach of non-competition or non-solicitation agreements with our competitors. 

Some
of our current or future employees may have previously been employed at other medical device companies, including those that are our
direct competitors or could potentially be our direct competitors. We may be subject to claims that we, or our employees, have inadvertently
or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of these former employers or competitors. In addition,
we may in the future be subject to allegations that we caused an employee to breach the terms of his or her non-competition or non-solicitation
agreement. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. 

There
can be no assurance that this type of litigation will not occur, and any future litigation or the threat thereof may adversely affect
our ability to hire additional employees. A loss of key personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize
our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology or future versions thereof, which could have an adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and operating results. 

Intellectual
property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. 

The
degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations,
and may not adequately protect our business, or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. The following examples are illustrative: 

others
 may be able to make devices that are the same as or similar to our cortical strip, grid electrode
 and depth electrode technology but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that
 we own; 

we
 or any collaborators might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the
 issued patents or pending patent applications that we own; 

we
 might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions; 

others
 may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies
 without infringing our intellectual property rights; 

it
 is possible that our pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents; 

issued
 patents that we own may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid
 or unenforceable as a result of legal challenges; 

we
 might enforce our patent rights or defend a challenge to our issued patents or pending application,
 putting the patents and patent applications at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly; 

our
 competitors might conduct research and development activities in the United States and other
 countries that provide a safe harbor from patent infringement claims for certain research
 and development activities, as well as in countries where we do not have patent rights, and
 then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for
 sale in our major commercial markets; and 

we
 may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable. 

46 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

Risks
Related to our Legal and Regulatory Environment 

Our
products and operations are subject to extensive governmental regulation, and any adverse regulatory action may materially adversely
affect our financial condition and business operations. 

Our
medical devices and technologies and business activities, including marketing, manufacturing, sales and development processes, are subject
to regulation by the FDA, U.S. Department of Justice DOJ ), Health and Human Services - Office of Inspector General, and
other federal and state, governmental authorities. These governmental authorities enforce laws and regulations that are meant to assure
product safety and effectiveness, including the regulation of, among other things: 

product
 design and development; 

pre-clinical
 studies and clinical trials; 

product
 safety; 

establishment
 registration and product listing; 

labeling,
 content and language of instructions for use and storage; 

marketing,
 manufacturing, sales and distribution; 

pre-market
 clearance or approval; 

servicing
 and post-market surveillance; 

record-keeping
 procedures; 

product
 import and export; 

advertising
 and promotion; and 

recalls
 and field safety corrective actions. 

The
regulations to which we are subject are complex and have tended to become more stringent over time. Regulatory changes could result in
restrictions on our ability to carry on or expand our operations, higher than anticipated costs or lower than anticipated revenues. 

Failure
to comply with applicable regulations could jeopardize our ability to sell our products and result in enforcement actions such as fines,
civil penalties, injunctions, warning letters, recalls of products, delays in the introduction of products into the market, refusal of
the regulatory agency or other regulators to grant future clearances or approvals, and the suspension or withdrawal of existing approvals
by such regulatory agencies. Any of these sanctions could result in higher than anticipated costs or lower than anticipated sales and
harm our reputation, business, financial condition and operating results. 

A
recall of our products, or the discovery of serious safety issues with our products, could have a significant negative impact on us. 

The
FDA has the authority to require the recall of commercialized products in the event of material deficiencies or defects in design or
manufacture or in the event that a product poses an unacceptable risk to health. Our third-party suppliers may, under their own initiative,
recall a product if any material deficiency in a device is found. A government-mandated or voluntary recall by us or one of our third-party
distributors, if any, could occur as a result of an unacceptable risk to health, component failures, manufacturing errors, design or
labeling defects or other deficiencies and issues. Recalls of any of our products would divert managerial and financial resources and
have an adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition and operating results, which could impair our ability to produce our products
in a cost-effective and timely manner. 

Further,
under the FDA s medical device reporting regulations, we are required to report to the FDA any incident in which our product may
have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or in which our product malfunctioned and, if the malfunction were to recur,
would likely cause or contribute to death or serious injury. Repeated product malfunctions may result in a voluntary or involuntary product
recall, which could divert managerial and financial resources, impair our ability to manufacture our products in a cost-effective and
timely manner and have an adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition and operating results. 

47 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

Any
adverse event involving our products could result in future voluntary corrective actions, such as recalls or customer notifications,
or regulatory agency action, which could include inspection, mandatory recall or other enforcement action. Any corrective action, whether
voluntary or involuntary, will require the dedication of our time and capital, distract management from operating our business and may
harm our reputation and financial results. 

We
are subject to additional federal, state and foreign laws and regulations relating to our healthcare business; our failure to comply
with those laws could have an adverse impact on our business. 

Although
we will not provide healthcare services, submit claims for third-party reimbursement, or receive payments directly from government health
insurance programs or other third-party payors for our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology, we are subject
to healthcare fraud and abuse regulation and enforcement by federal, state and foreign governments, which could adversely impact our
business. Healthcare fraud and abuse and health information privacy and security laws potentially applicable to our operations include,
but are not limited to: 

the
 Anti-Kickback Statute, which will apply to our marketing practices, educational programs,
 pricing policies and relationships with healthcare providers, by prohibiting, among other
 things, soliciting, receiving, offering or providing remuneration intended to induce the
 purchase or recommendation of an item or service reimbursable under a federal healthcare
 program, such as the Medicare or Medicaid programs. A person or entity does not need to have
 actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation; 

federal
 civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, including civil whistleblower
 or qui tam actions that prohibit, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to
 be presented, claims for payment or approval to the federal government that are false or
 fraudulent, knowingly making a false statement material to an obligation to pay or transmit
 money or property to the federal government or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly
 avoiding or decreasing an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal
 government. The government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting
 from a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for
 purposes of the false claims statutes; 

HIPAA,
 and its implementing regulations, which created federal criminal laws that prohibit, among
 other things, executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false
 statements relating to healthcare matters. A person or entity does not need to have actual
 knowledge of these statutes or specific intent to violate them; 

HIPAA,
 as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009,
 and their implementing regulations, also imposes certain regulatory and contractual requirements
 regarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information; 

federal
 sunshine requirements imposed by the ACA on device manufacturers regarding
 any transfer of value made or distributed to physicians and teaching hospitals.
 Failure to submit required information may result in civil monetary penalties of up to an
 aggregate of 150,000 per year (or up to an aggregate of 1 million per year for knowing
 failures ), for all payments, transfers of value or ownership or investment interests
 that are not timely, accurately, and completely reported in an annual submission. Manufacturers
 must submit reports by the 90th day of each subsequent calendar year; 

federal
 consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities
 and activities that potentially harm consumers; and 

state
 law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims
 laws that may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial
 insurers; state laws that require device companies to comply with the industry s voluntary
 compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government
 or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers; state laws that
 require device manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers
 of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; and state
 laws governing the privacy and security of certain health information, many of which differ
 from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA. 

48 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

The
risk of our being found in violation of these laws and regulations is increased by the fact that the scope and enforcement of these laws
is uncertain, many of them have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, their provisions are open to
a variety of interpretations, or they vary country by country. We are unable to predict what additional federal, state or foreign legislation
or regulatory initiatives may be enacted in the future regarding our business or the healthcare industry in general, or what effect such
legislation or regulations may have on us. Federal, state or foreign governments may (i) impose additional restrictions or adopt interpretations
of existing laws that could have a material adverse effect on us or (ii) challenge our current or future activities under these laws.
Any of these challenges could impact our reputation, business, financial condition and operating results. 

If
our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us
now or in the future, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement of profits,
exclusion from governmental health care programs, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely
affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. Any federal, state or foreign regulatory review to which we may
become subject, regardless of the outcome, would be costly and time-consuming. 

For
example, to enforce compliance with the federal laws, the DOJ, has increased its scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies
and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry.
Dealing with investigations can be time and resource consuming and can divert management s attention from our core business. Additionally,
if we settle an investigation with law enforcement or other regulatory agencies, we may be forced to agree to additional onerous compliance
and reporting requirements as part of a consent decree or corporate integrity agreement. Any such investigation or settlement could increase
our costs or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. 

We
may be liable if the FDA or another regulatory agency concludes that we have engaged in the off-label promotion of our products. 

Our
promotional materials and training methods must comply with FDA and other applicable laws and regulations, including the prohibition
of the promotion of the off-label use of our products. Healthcare providers may use our products, if approved, off-label, as the FDA
does not restrict or regulate a physician s choice of treatment within the practice of medicine. However, if the FDA determines
that our promotional materials or training constitute promotion of an off-label use, it could request that we modify our training or
promotional materials or subject us to regulatory or enforcement actions, including the issuance of an untitled letter, a warning letter,
injunction, seizure, civil fine and criminal penalties. It is also possible that other federal, state or foreign enforcement authorities
might take action if they consider our promotional or training materials to constitute promotion of an unapproved use, which could result
in significant fines or penalties. Although we intend to train our marketing and direct sales force to not promote our products for uses
outside of their cleared uses and our policy will be to refrain from statements that could be considered off-label promotion of our products,
the FDA or another regulatory agency could disagree and conclude that we have engaged in off-label promotion. In addition, the off-label
use of our products may increase the risk of product liability claims. Product liability claims are expensive to defend and could result
in substantial damage awards against us and harm our reputation. 

Legislative
or regulatory healthcare reforms may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results or operations and cash
flows. 

Recent
political, economic and regulatory influences are subjecting the healthcare industry to fundamental changes. The sales of our products
depend in part on the availability of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors such as government health administration authorities,
private health insurers, health maintenance organizations and other healthcare-related organizations. Both the federal and state governments
in the United States continue to propose and pass new legislation and regulations designed to contain or reduce the cost of healthcare.
This legislation and regulation may result in decreased reimbursement for medical devices, which may further exacerbate industry-wide
pressure to reduce the prices charged for medical devices. This could harm our ability to market our products and generate sales. 

49 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

In
addition, FDA regulations and guidance are often revised or reinterpreted by the FDA in ways that may significantly affect our business
and our products. Any new regulations or revisions or reinterpretations of existing regulations may impose additional costs or lengthen
review times of our products. Delays in receipt of or failure to receive regulatory clearances or approvals for our products would harm
our business, financial condition and operating results. 

While
one often stated goal of healthcare reform is to expand coverage to more individuals, it also involves increased government price controls,
additional regulatory mandates and other measures designed to constrain medical costs. For example, the ACA and Health Care and Education
Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010 were enacted into law in the U.S. in March 2010. Certain provisions of this law, including comparative
effectiveness research, pilot programs to evaluate alternative payment methodologies and other changes to the payment systems, have started
changing the way healthcare is delivered, reimbursed and funded. While the extent to which it has affected our business is not clear,
these changes, over the long term, may adversely affect our business and results of operations. The current U.S. administration may attempt
to reverse some of the previous administration s changes to the ACA, particularly related to healthcare coverage for the uninsured,
and is further expected to introduce more ambitious healthcare legislation, which could include what is commonly referred to as a public
option or changes to Medicare age requirements. If passed, this legislation would lead to increased coverage levels and utilization
of services; however, at this point, the impact of any such changes is unclear because specific changes have not been enacted or implemented. 

We
cannot predict whether any additional healthcare reform proposals will be adopted or how such proposals may impact our business and operations.
However, any changes that lower reimbursements for either our products or procedures using our products, reduce medical procedure volumes,
increase cost containment pressures on us or others in the healthcare sector, or impose additional or heightened regulatory requirements
could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock 

The
price of our Common Stock might fluctuate significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Volatility
in the market price of our Common Stock may prevent you from being able to sell your shares of our Common Stock at or above the price
you paid for your shares. The trading price of our Common Stock may be volatile and subject to wide price fluctuations in response to
various factors, including: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial and operating results; 

our
 progress toward developing our cortical strip and sheet electrode technology; 

the
 commencement, enrollment and results of our future clinical trials; 

adverse
 results from, delays in or termination of our clinical trials; 

adverse
 regulatory decisions, including failure to receive regulatory approval; 

publication
 of research reports about us or our industry or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal
 of research coverage by securities analysts, if any; 

perceptions
 about the market acceptance of our products and the recognition of our brand; 

adverse
 publicity about our products or industry in general; 

overall
 performance of the equity markets; 

introduction
 of products, or announcements of significant contracts, licenses or acquisitions, by us or
 our competitors; 

legislative,
 political or regulatory developments; 

50 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

threatened
 or actual litigation and government investigations; 

third-party
 promotional activities, which are subject to ongoing regulatory obligations; 

sale
 of shares of our Common Stock by us or members of our management; and 

general
 economic conditions. 

These
and other factors might cause the market price of our Common Stock to fluctuate substantially, which may negatively affect the liquidity
of our Common Stock. In addition, the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has had
a significant impact on the market price of securities issued by many companies across many industries. The changes frequently appear
to occur without regard to the operating performance of the affected companies. Accordingly, the price of our Common Stock could fluctuate
based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with our Company, and these fluctuations could materially reduce our share price. 

Securities
class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the
market price of a company s securities. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs, divert our
management s attention and resources, and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

If
we fail to comply with the continued listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market, our Common Stock could be delisted. If it is delisted,
our Common Stock and the liquidity of our Common Stock would be impacted. 

On
July 11, 2024, we received a letter (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of
Nasdaq notifying that because the closing bid price of our Common Stock was below 1.00 per share for the prior 30 consecutive business
days, we are not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq, as set forth in Nasdaq Marketplace
Rule 5550(a)(2), the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we have a period of 180 calendar days from July 11, 2024, or until January 7,
2025, to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. If at any time before January 7, 2025, the closing bid price of our
Common Stock closes at or above 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days (which number days may be extended by Nasdaq),
Nasdaq will provide written notification that we have achieved compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, and the matter would
be resolved. However, there is no assurance that we will be able to meet with Nasdaq compliance requirements. 

The
continued listing of our Common Stock on Nasdaq is contingent on our continued compliance with a number of listing standards. There is
no assurance that we will remain in compliance with these standards. Delisting from Nasdaq would adversely affect our ability to raise
additional financing through the public or private sale of equity securities, significantly affect the ability of investors to trade
our securities and negatively affect the value and liquidity of our Common Stock. Delisting also could limit our strategic alternatives
and attractiveness to potential counterparties and have other negative results, including the potential loss of employee confidence,
the loss of institutional investors or interest in business development opportunities. Moreover, we have committed in connection with
the sale of securities to use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing of its Common Stock during such time that certain
warrants are outstanding. 

51 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

Any
failure to maintain an effective system of internal controls over our financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 could result in material misstatements of our financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations
or fail to prevent fraud in which case, our stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business
and could negatively impact the price of our stock. 

We
are required to comply with the internal control evaluation and certification requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 SOX and management is required to report annually on our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment
includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. Although
we prepare our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, our internal accounting
controls may not meet all standards applicable to companies with publicly traded securities. Our independent registered public accounting
firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section
404(b) of SOX until the date we have a public float of 75 million or greater. 

If
we fail to maintain effective internal controls and procedures for financial reporting, it could result in material misstatements in
the annual or interim financial statements that would not be prevented or detected in a timely manner. In that case, we could become
subject to regulatory sanction or investigation. Further, these outcomes could damage investor confidence in the accuracy and reliability
of our financial statements. Our management has concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were, and continue to be,
effective as of September 30, 2024. We cannot assure you that material weaknesses or significant deficiencies will not occur in the future
and that we will be able to remediate such weaknesses or deficiencies in a timely manner, which could impair our ability to accurately
and timely report our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. If we are not able to maintain effective internal control
over financial reporting, our financial statements, including related disclosures, may be inaccurate, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business. 

We
intend to issue more shares to raise capital, which will result in substantial dilution. 

Our
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of a maximum of 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock. Until we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through the sale of
equity, debt financings, or other capital sources. Any additional financings effected by us may result in the issuance of additional
securities without stockholder approval and the substantial dilution in the percentage of Common Stock held by our then existing stockholders.
Moreover, the Common Stock issued in any such transaction may be valued on an arbitrary or non-arm s-length basis by our management,
resulting in an additional reduction in the percentage of Common Stock held by our current stockholders. Our Board has the power to issue
any or all of such authorized but unissued shares without stockholder approval. To the extent that additional shares of Common Stock
are issued, dilution to the interests of our stockholders will occur and the rights of the holder of Common Stock might be materially
and adversely affected. 

As
of September 30, 2024, we had outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 7,045,875 shares of Common Stock at a weighted average
exercise price of 3.81 per share, and options to purchase an aggregate of 2,814,096 shares of Common Stock at a weighted average exercise
price of 3.13 per share. For a description of our outstanding warrants and information about the number of shares of Common Stock for
which they are exercisable, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Liquidity
and Capital Resources-Capital Resources. To the extent these outstanding options or warrants are exercised, there will be further
dilution to holders of our Common Stock. 

Anti-takeover
provisions in the Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws may prevent or frustrate attempts by stockholders to change
the Board or current management and could make a third-party acquisition of the Company difficult. 

The
Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition
or other change in control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive
a premium for their shares. For example, our certificate of incorporation permits the Board without stockholder approval to issue up
to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to fix the designation, power, preferences, and rights of those shares. Furthermore, our
Board has the ability to increase the size of the Board and fill the newly created vacancies without stockholder approval. These provisions
could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of the Common Stock. 

52 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

We
are a smaller reporting company, and the reduced reporting requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies may make our Common
Stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined in Section 12 of the Exchange Act. For as long as we continue to be a smaller
reporting company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not smaller reporting companies such as, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our annual and periodic
reports and proxy statements and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We will remain a smaller
reporting company as long as (i) our public float remains less than 250 million or (ii) our annual revenues are less than 100
million and we either have no public float, or our public float is less than 700 million. Public float is measured as of the last business
day of our most recently-completed second fiscal quarter, and annual revenues are as of the most recently completed fiscal year for which
audited financial statements are available. We cannot predict if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive because we may
rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market
for our Common Stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

We
have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future, and any return on investment may be limited to
the value of our stock. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings
for use in the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Accordingly,
you may have to sell some or all of your shares of our Common Stock in order to generate cash flow from your investment. You may not
receive a gain on your investment when you sell shares and you may lose the entire amount of the investment. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports, or publish unfavorable research or reports, about us, our business
or our market, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our Common Stock will be influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us and our business. Securities or industry analysts may elect not to provide coverage of our Common Stock, and such lack of coverage
may adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. In the event we do not secure additional securities or industry analyst coverage,
we will not have any control over the analysts or the content and opinions included in their reports. The price of our stock could decline
if one or more securities or industry analysts downgrade our stock or issue other unfavorable commentary or research. If one or more
securities or industry analysts ceases coverage of our Company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could
decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

Our
Common Stock has been, and may in the future be subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC, which makes transactions in
our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock. 

The
SEC has adopted regulations which generally define a penny stock as an equity security that has a market price of less
than 5.00 per share, subject to specific exemptions. The SEC s penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, before a transaction
in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about
penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and the salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing
the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules generally require that
before a transaction in a penny stock occurs, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable
investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s agreement to the transaction. If our Common Stock is subject to the penny
stock rules, these rules may restrict the ability of brokers-dealers to sell our Common Stock and may affect the ability of investors
to sell their shares, until our Common Stock no longer is considered a penny stock. 

53 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with Nasdaq s continued listing standards, a failure of which could result in
a de-listing of our Common Stock. 

There
is no assurance that we will continue to comply with the applicable Nasdaq listing standards. In order to maintain the listing of our
Common Stock on Nasdaq, Nasdaq requires that the trading price of a company s listed stock on Nasdaq remain above one dollar in
order for such stock to remain listed. If a listed stock trades below one dollar for more than 30 consecutive trading days, then it is
subject to delisting from Nasdaq. In addition, to maintain a listing on Nasdaq, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued
listing requirements and standards, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders 
equity, and certain corporate governance requirements. If we are unable to satisfy these requirements or standards, we could be subject
to delisting, which would have a negative effect on the price of our Common Stock and warrants and would impair your ability to sell
or purchase our Common Stock and warrants when you wish to do so. In the event of a delisting, we would expect to take actions to restore
our compliance with the listing requirements, but we can provide no assurance that any such action taken by us would allow our Common
Stock and/or warrants to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our Common Stock, prevent our Common
Stock from dropping below the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, or prevent future non-compliance with the listing requirements. 

General
Risk Factors 

Adverse
global economic conditions could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and liquidity. 

A
general slowdown in the global economy, including a recession, or in a particular region or industry, an increase in trade tensions with
U.S. trading partners, inflation or a tightening of the credit markets could negatively impact our business, financial condition and
liquidity. Adverse global economic conditions have from time to time caused or exacerbated significant slowdowns in the industries and
markets in which we operate, which have adversely affected our business and results of operations. Macroeconomic weakness and uncertainty
also make it more difficult for us to accurately forecast revenue, gross margin and expenses, and may make it more difficult to raise
or refinance debt. 

Worldwide
economic and social instability could adversely affect our revenue, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Generally,
worldwide economic conditions remain uncertain, particularly due to the effects of the war, terrorism, military conflicts on global markets,
the conflict and instability such as between Russia and Ukraine and potentially Eastern Europe, Israel, Lebanon, Iran, the Gaza Strip
and the Middle East and Asia, disruptions in the banking system and financial markets, new and ongoing challenges relating to current
supply chain constraints, the impact of natural disasters or global pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, increased inflation and
rising interest rates. The general economic and capital market conditions, both in the U.S. and worldwide, have been volatile in the
past and at times have adversely affected the Company s access to capital and increased the cost of capital. The capital and credit
markets may not be available to support future capital raising activity on favorable terms. If economic conditions decline, the Company s
future cost of equity or debt capital and access to the capital markets could be adversely affected. Our vendors and development partners
may experience financial difficulties or be unable to borrow money to fund their operations, which may adversely impact their ability
to purchase our products or to pay for our products on a timely basis, if at all. In addition, adverse economic conditions, such as recent
supply chain disruptions and labor shortages and persistent inflation, have affected, and may continue to adversely affect our suppliers 
ability to provide our manufacturers with materials and components, which may negatively impact our business. These economic conditions
make it more difficult for us to accurately forecast and plan our future business activities. 

Changes
in tax laws or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could have a material impact on our business, results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows. 

We
are subject to income and other non-income-based taxes and tariffs in the U.S., and our operations, plans and results are affected by
tax and other initiatives. The rules dealing with U.S. federal, state and local income taxation are constantly under review by persons
involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. Treasury Department, and state/local taxing authorities.
The tax laws in the U.S. could change on a prospective or retroactive basis, and any such changes could materially adversely affect our
business, our results of operations, our effective tax rate, and holders of our Common Stock. We cannot predict whether, when, in what
form, or with what effective dates, tax laws, regulations and rulings may be enacted, promulgated or decided, which could result in an
increase in our, or our stockholders , tax liability or require changes in the manner in which we operate in order to minimize
increases in our tax liability. In recent years, many such changes have been made and changes are likely to continue to occur in the
future. Future changes in tax laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition, results of operations,
tax provision, cash tax liability, and effective tax rate. For example, in August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA was enacted into law. The IRA includes a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax and a 1 excise tax on share repurchases. 

54 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

We
urge investors to consult with their legal and tax advisers regarding the implications of potential changes in tax laws on an investment
in our Common Stock. 

We
are also subject to regular reviews, examinations, and audits by the Internal Revenue Service and other taxing authorities with respect
to our taxes. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, if a taxing authority disagrees with the positions we have taken,
we could face additional tax liability, including interest and penalties. There can be no assurance that payment of such additional amounts
upon final adjudication of any disputes will not have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position. 

We
may seek to grow our business through acquisitions of complementary products or technologies, and the failure to complete acquisitions,
or the failure to integrate them with our existing business, could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 

From
time to time, we may consider opportunities to acquire other companies, products or technologies that may enhance our product platform
or technology, expand the breadth of our markets or customer base, or advance our business strategies. The success of our strategy relating
to future acquisitions, investments or alliances will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to: 

identify
 suitable opportunities for acquisition, investment or alliance, if at all; 

manage
 acquisition, investment or alliance opportunities within our capital capacity and prioritize
 those investments to execute on our strategy; 

manage
 our due diligence process to uncover potential issues and liabilities with targets; 

finance
 any future acquisition, investment or alliance on terms acceptable to us, if at all; 

complete
 acquisitions, investments or alliances in a timely manner on terms that are satisfactory
 to us, if at all; 

successfully
 integrate and operate acquired businesses; 

successfully
 identify and retain key target employees; 

comply
 with applicable laws and regulations; 

protect
 intellectual property and to prevail in litigation related to newly acquired technologies; 

assimilate
 the acquired products or technologies; 

maintain
 uniform standards, procedures, controls and policies; 

anticipate
 costs associated with acquisitions; 

avoid
 the diversion of management s attention from our existing business; 

manage
 risks associated with entering new markets in which we have limited or no experience; and 

manage
 legal and accounting costs relating to the acquisitions or compliance with regulatory matters. 

We
have no current commitments with respect to any acquisition. We do not know if we will be able to identify acquisitions we deem suitable,
whether we will be able to successfully complete any such acquisitions on favorable terms or at all, or whether we will be able to successfully
integrate any acquired products or technologies. Our potential inability to integrate any acquired products or technologies effectively
may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 

We
are highly dependent on the management, research and development, clinical, financial and business development expertise of our officers
and advisory board members. Although we have an employment agreement with our Chief Executive Officer, David Rosa, he (and each of our
other key employees) may terminate his employment with us at any time and will continue to be able to do so. We do not maintain key
person insurance for any of our executives or employees. 

55 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific
and clinical personnel will also be critical to our success. The loss of the services of our executive officers or other key employees
could impede the achievement of our research, development and commercialization objectives and seriously harm our ability to successfully
implement our business strategy. Furthermore, replacing executive officers and key employees may be difficult and may take an extended
period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to successfully
develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize our products. Competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may
be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous medical device
companies for similar personnel, many of which have greater financial and other resources dedicated to attracting and retaining personnel.
We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions. In addition,
we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in formulating our research and development
and commercialization strategy. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have commitments under
consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us. If we are unable to continue to attract
and retain high quality personnel, our ability to pursue our growth strategy will be limited. 

Prolonged negative economic conditions could
adversely affect us, our customers and third-party partners, manufactures or suppliers, if any, which could harm our financial condition. 

We are subject to the risks arising from adverse
changes in general economic and market conditions. Uncertainty about future economic conditions could negatively impact our existing and
potential customers, adversely affect the financial ability of health insurers to pay claims, adversely impact our expenses and ability
to obtain financing of our operations, and cause delays or other problems with key suppliers. 

Healthcare spending in the United States has been,
and is expected to continue to be, under significant pressure and there are many initiatives to reduce healthcare costs. As a result,
we believe that some insurers are scrutinizing insurance claims more rigorously and delaying or denying coverage and reimbursement more
often. Because the sale, if approved, of our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode technology under development will generally
depend on the availability of third-party coverage and reimbursement, any delay or decline in coverage and reimbursement will adversely
affect our sales. 

We have incurred, and may continue to incur
increased costs and demands upon management as a result of being a public company. 

As a public company in the United States, we incur
significant legal, accounting and other costs. These additional costs could negatively affect our financial results. In addition, changing
laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including regulations implemented by the SEC and
the stock exchange on which we may list our Common Stock, may increase legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more
time-consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations and, as a result, their application in practice
may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving
laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s
time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If, notwithstanding our efforts to comply with new laws,
regulations and standards, we fail to comply, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be
harmed. Failure to comply with these rules might also make it more difficult for us to obtain some types of insurance, including director
and officer liability insurance, and we might be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs
to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified
persons to serve on our Board, on committees of our Board or as members of senior management. 

56 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 

Our corporate information technology, communication
networks, enterprise applications, accounting and financial reporting platforms, and related systems are necessary for the operation of
our business. We use these systems, among others, to manage our product development, to communicate internally and externally, to operate
our accounting and record-keeping functions, to store and access data including sensitive patient data and for many other key aspects
of our business. Our business operations rely on the secure collection, storage, transmission, and other processing of proprietary, confidential,
and sensitive data. 

Our Chief Financial Officer leads our
information security organization (overseeing work done by a third party IT services company) and reports to the Chief Executive Officer
and Board of Directors of any material information regarding such cybersecurity matters. 

Risk Management and Strategy 

We recognize the importance of assessing, identifying,
and managing material risks associated with cybersecurity threats, as such term is defined in Item 106(a) of Regulation S-K.
These risks include, among other things: operational risks, intellectual property theft, fraud, extortion, harm to employees, customers
or patients, violation of data privacy or security laws, litigation, and legal, financial and reputational risk. 

In coordination with third-party consultants,
we have implemented and maintain various information security processes designed to identify, assess and manage material risks from cybersecurity
threats to our critical systems and data. Depending on the environment, we implement and maintain various technical, physical, and organizational
measures, processes, standards, and/or policies designed to manage and mitigate material risks from cybersecurity threats to our information
systems and data, including risk assessments, incident detection and response, vulnerability management, disaster recovery and business
continuity plans, internal controls within our accounting and financial reporting functions, encryption of data, network security controls,
access controls, physical security, asset management, systems monitoring, vendor risk management program and employee training. We conduct
annual reviews and tests of our information security program to evaluate its effectiveness and improve our security measures and planning. 

To operate our business, we utilize certain third-party
service providers and vendors to support a variety of functions. We seek to engage reliable, reputable service providers and vendors that
maintain cybersecurity programs, and we implement a vetting process to ensure that all third-party service providers and venders comply
with our cybersecurity program requirements. Depending on the nature of the services provided, the sensitivity and quantity of information
processed, and the identity of the service provider, our vendor management process may include reviewing the cybersecurity practices of
such provider, contractually imposing obligations on the provider, conducting security assessments, and conducting periodic reassessments
during their engagement. 

We are not aware of any risks from cybersecurity
threats, including as a result of any cybersecurity incidents, which have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect
our Company, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. 

Governance 

Our Board of Directors holds oversight responsibility
for the Company s strategy and risk management, including material risks related to cybersecurity threats. Oversight of such cybersecurity
risks is executed directly by the Board of Directors. The Board receives reports and engages in regular discussions with management regarding
the Company s significant risk exposures resulting from material cybersecurity threats and the measures implemented to monitor and
reasonably manage these risks. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently lease office space in Eden Prairie,
Minnesota and Los Gatos, California to accommodate our finance and administrative functions as well as laboratory space accommodating
our research and development operations. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate for our immediate needs and can accommodate
our anticipated growth. We believe that, should it be needed, additional space can be leased to accommodate any future growth. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may be involved in various
claims and legal proceedings relating to claims arising out of our operations. We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings that,
in the opinion of our management, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of outcome, litigation can
have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

57 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our Common Stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq
Capital Market on May 26, 2021 under the ticker symbol NMTC. 

Stockholders 

On December 13, 2024, there were 116 record
holders of our Common Stock. The transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is Equiniti Trust Company LLC. 

Share Repurchases 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we repurchased 12,467 common shares surrendered by employees to satisfy income tax withholding obligations of employees in connection
with the administration of employee share-based compensation plans. The following table summarizes our share repurchase activity during
the fourth quarter of 2024: 

Period 
 Total 
 number of 
 shares purchased 
 Average price 
 paid 
 per share 
 Total 
 number of 
 shares purchased 
 as part of publicly 
 announced plans 
 or programs 
 Maximum number of 
 shares that may 
yet be purchased 
 under the plans 
 or programs 
 
 July 1 - July 31, 2024 
 6,879 
 0.80 
 - 
 - 
 
 August 1 - August 31, 2024 
 2,794 
 0.75 
 - 
 - 
 
 September 1 - September 30, 2024 
 2,794 
 0.80 
 - 
 - 
 
 TOTAL 
 12,467 
 
 - 
 - 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

58 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You should read the following discussion and
analysis of financial condition and results of operations of NeuroOne together with our financial statements and the related notes included
elsewhere in this Report. 

Overview 

We are a medical technology
company focused on the development and commercialization of thin film electrode technology for continuous electroencephalogram cEEG and stereoelectrocencephalography sEEG ), spinal cord stimulation, brain stimulation, drug delivery and ablation solutions
for patients suffering from epilepsy, Parkinson s disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries
and other related neurological disorders. We are also developing the capability to use our sEEG electrode technology to deliver drugs
or gene therapy while being able to record brain activity before, during, and after delivery. Additionally, we are investigating the potential
applications of our technology associated with artificial intelligence. 

We have 510(k) clearance for three of our devices
from the FDA, including: (i) our Evo cortical electrode technology for recording, monitoring, and stimulating brain tissue for up to 30
days, (ii) our Evo sEEG electrode technology for temporary (less than 30 days) use with recording, monitoring, and stimulation equipment
for the recording, monitoring, and stimulation of electrical signals at the subsurface level of the brain, and (iii) our OneRF ablation
system for creation of radiofrequency lesions in nervous tissue for functional neurosurgical procedures. Our other products are still
under development. 

We distribute our cEEG strip/grid electrodes,
cable assembly products and our OneRF Ablation System with Zimmer Biomet. 

We have incurred losses
since inception. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 75.0 million, primarily as a result of expenses incurred
in connection with our research and development, selling, general and administrative expenses associated with our operations and interest
expense, fair value adjustments and loss on extinguishments related to our debt, offset in part by collaborations and product revenues. 

Prior to FDA clearance
of certain of our products, our main sources of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were proceeds from the issuances of
notes, common stock, warrants and unsecured loans. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital Resources below. While
we have begun to generate revenue from the sale of products based on our cEEG and sEEG technology, and OneRF System, and through
milestone and other payments from our current collaboration with Zimmer, we expect to continue to incur significant expenses and
increasing operating and net losses for the foreseeable future until and unless we generate a higher level of revenue from commercial
sales, and we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations through public
or private equity or debt financings, through collaborations or partnerships with other companies or other sources. 

We may be unable to raise
additional funds when needed on favorable terms or at all. Our failure to raise such capital as and when needed would have a negative
impact on our financial condition and our ability to develop and commercialize our cortical strip, grid electrode and depth electrode
technology and future products and our ability to pursue our business strategy. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity
Outlook below. 

Recent Developments 

Corporate Updates 

OneRF Ablation System 

In March 2024, we announced a limited commercial
launch of our OneRF ablation system. In October 2024, we amended and restated our Distribution Agreement with Zimmer to provide exclusive
right and license to distribute also our OneRF Ablation System. 

59 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Nasdaq Notice 

Since May 28, 2024, the closing price of our common
stock has been below 1.00. On July 11, 2024, we received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq informing
us that because the closing bid price for our common stock listed on Nasdaq was below 1.00 for 30 consecutive trading days, the Company
was not in compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, as set forth in Nasdaq
Marketplace Rule 5550(a)(2). In accordance with Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company has a period of 180 calendar days from
July 11, 2024, or until January 7, 2025, to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. If at any time before January 7,
2025, the closing bid price of the Company s common stock closes at or above 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive trading
days (which number days may be extended by Nasdaq), Nasdaq will provide written notification that the Company has achieved compliance
with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, and the matter would be resolved. 

The Notice also disclosed that in the event we
do not regain compliance with the Rule by January 7, 2025, we may be eligible for additional time. To qualify for additional time, we
would be required to meet the applicable market value of publicly held shares requirement for continued listing and all other applicable
standards for initial listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and would need to provide
written notice of our intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period. If we meet these requirements, Nasdaq will
inform us that it has been granted an additional 180 calendar days. However, if it appears to the Staff that we will not be able to cure
the deficiency, or if we are otherwise not eligible, Nasdaq will provide notice that our securities will be subject to delisting. 

We intend to continue actively monitor the closing
bid price for our common stock between now and January 7, 2025, and will consider available options to resolve the deficiency and regain
compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. If we do not regain compliance within the allotted compliance period, including any
extensions that may be granted by Nasdaq, Nasdaq will provide notice that our common stock will be subject to delisting. We would then
be entitled to appeal that determination to a Nasdaq hearings panel. There can be no assurance that we will regain compliance with the
Minimum Bid Price Requirement during the 180-day compliance period, secure a second period of 180 calendar days to regain compliance,
or maintain compliance with the other Nasdaq listing requirements. 

Financing 

Debt Facility Agreement 

On August 2, 2024, we entered into a loan and
security agreement with Growth Opportunity Funding, LLC, as the Lender, which provides for a delayed draw term loan Debt Facility in an
aggregate principal amount not to exceed 3.0 million. We are permitted to borrow loans under the Debt Facility from time to time, for
general corporate purposes and subject to certain specified conditions, until the earliest of: (i) November 30, 2024, (ii) the occurrence
of any monetization or change in control, or (iii) at the Lender s option, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an
event of default under the Debt Facility Agreement. The Loan(s), upon issuance, will be secured by substantially all of our assets, subject
to certain exceptions set forth in the Debt Facility Agreement, and will be subject to covenants. On November 7, 2024, we mutually agreed
with the Lender to terminate the loan facility. 

On August 2, 2024, we issued 100,000 Lender Warrants
to Lender to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at exercise price of 0.66 per share. The warrants are immediately exercisable
and expire on August 2, 2029. 

2024 Private Placement 

On August 1, 2024, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement which closed on August 2, 2024, with certain Purchasers, pursuant to which we, in the Private Placement, agreed to
issue and sell an aggregate of (i) 2,944,446 shares of the our common stock, and (ii) warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,208,338 shares
of common stock at a purchase price of 0.90 per unit, consisting of one share and a PIPE warrant to purchase 0.75 shares of common stock,
resulting in total gross proceeds of approximately 2.65 million before deducting estimated expenses. In connection with the 2024 Private
Placement, we filed a registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC covering the resale
of the securities issued in the 2024 Private Placement. One of the Purchasers in the 2024 Private Placement included Paul Buckman, a director
on the Company s Board of Directors. 

60 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Global Economic Conditions 

Generally, worldwide economic conditions remain
uncertain, particularly due to the conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, disruptions in the banking system and
financial markets, and increased inflation. The general economic and capital market conditions both in the U.S. and worldwide, have been
volatile in the past and at times have adversely affected our access to capital and increased the cost of capital. The capital and credit
markets may not be available to support future capital raising activity on favorable terms or at all. If economic conditions continue
to decline, our future cost of equity or debt capital and access to the capital markets could be adversely affected. 

Our operating results could be materially impacted
by changes in the overall macroeconomic environment and other economic factors. Changes in economic conditions, supply chain constraints,
logistics challenges, labor shortages, increased inflation, the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, disruptions in the banking system
and financial markets, and steps taken by governments and central banks, have led to higher inflation, which has led to an increase in
costs and has caused changes in fiscal and monetary policy, including increased interest rates. 

Financial Overview 

Product Revenue 

Our product revenue was derived from the sale
of our Strip/Grid Products, the sEEG Products and the Electrode Cable Assembly Products based on Evo cortical electrode technology and
the OneRF Products, which are products based on our OneRF Ablation System. We anticipate that we will generate additional revenue from
the sale of products based on Evo cortical electrode technology and our OneRF Ablation System. 

In November 2019, we received FDA 510(k) clearance
for our cortical electrode for temporary (less than 30 days) recording, monitoring, and stimulation on the surface of the brain. In October
2022, we received FDA 510(k) clearance for our Evo sEEG electrode technology for temporary (less than 30 days) use with recording, monitoring,
and stimulation equipment for the recording, monitoring, and stimulation of electrical signals at the subsurface level of the brain. In
December 2023, we received FDA 510(k) clearance for our OneRF Ablation System for creation of radiofrequency lesions in nervous tissue
for functional neurosurgical procedure. 

Product Gross Profit 

Product gross profit represents our product revenue
less our cost of product revenue. Our cost of product revenue consists of the manufacturing and materials costs incurred by our third-party
contract manufacturer in connection with our Strip/Grid Products, sEEG Products, OneRF Products and outside supplier materials costs of
producing the Electrode Cable Assembly Products. In addition, cost of product revenue includes royalty fees incurred in connection with
our license agreements. 

Collaborations Revenue 

On July 20, 2020, we entered into an exclusive
development and distribution agreement (the Zimmer Distribution Agreement with Zimmer, pursuant to which we granted Zimmer
exclusive global rights to distribute the Strip/Grid Products and Electrode Cable Assembly Products. Additionally, we granted Zimmer the
exclusive right and license to distribute certain sEEG Products developed by the Company. The OneRF ablation system is not covered by
the Zimmer Distribution Agreement. The parties agreed to collaborate with respect to development activities under the Zimmer Distribution
Agreement through a joint development committee composed of an equal number of representatives of Zimmer and the Company. 

Under the terms of the Zimmer Distribution Agreement,
we are responsible for all costs and expenses related to developing the Products (as defined therein), and Zimmer is responsible for all
costs and expenses related to the commercialization of the Products. In addition to the Zimmer Distribution Agreement, Zimmer and the
Company have entered into a MS Agreement and a Quality Agreement with respect to the manufacturing and supply of the Products. 

61 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Pursuant to the Zimmer Distribution Agreement,
Zimmer made an upfront initial exclusivity fee payment of 2.0 million (the Initial Exclusivity Fee to the Company
in fiscal year 2020. In addition, on August 2, 2022, we entered into a Third Amendment to the Zimmer Distribution Agreement (the Zimmer
Amendment with Zimmer. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Zimmer Amendment, Zimmer made a 3.5 million payment to
us in August 2022. In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained in the Zimmer Distribution Agreement, certain fee
and milestone payment provisions in the Zimmer Distribution Agreement were replaced with the following below: 

1.5 million for the sEEG exclusivity maintenance fee; and 

2.0 million for satisfaction of each of the milestone events related to the design of sEEG Products set forth in the Zimmer Distribution Agreement, even though the satisfaction was after the deadlines originally identified. 

In addition, in connection with the Zimmer Amendment,
we issued to Zimmer a warrant to purchase common stock (the 2022 Zimmer Warrant ). The 2022 Zimmer Warrant is exercisable
for up to an aggregate of 350,000 shares of our common stock. The 2022 Zimmer Warrant has an exercise price of 3.00 per
share, is exercisable commencing six months from the issuance date, and will expire on August 2, 2027. 

The Zimmer Distribution Agreement and Zimmer Amendment
were accounted for under the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers ASC 606 . In accordance with the provisions under ASC 606, we identified five performance obligations
under the Zimmer Distribution Agreement and Zimmer Amendment: (1) our obligation to grant Zimmer access to our intellectual property;
(2) completion of sEEG Product development; (3) completion of Strip/Grid Product development; (4) the provision of sEEG exclusivity maintenance;
and (5) sEEG design modifications as requested by Zimmer. All performance obligations under the Zimmer Distribution Agreement and Zimmer
Amendment were met as of December 31, 2022. 

In October 2022, we received 510(k) clearance
from the FDA for our Evo sEEG electrode technology for temporary (less than 30 days) use with recording, monitoring, and stimulation equipment
for the recording, monitoring, and stimulation of electrical signals at the subsurface level of the brain. Accordingly, we recognized
revenue in the amount of 1.5 million during the year ended September 30, 2023 related to the completion of the sEEG exclusivity maintenance
milestone. There was no collaboration revenue during the year ended September 30, 2024. 

In October 2024, we amended and restated our development
and distribution agreement with Zimmer to grant exclusive right and license to distribute also our OneRF Ablation System for an upfront
fee of 3.0 million dollars and up to an additional 1.0 million dollars upon achievement of certain net sales milestone by Zimmer. 

The Zimmer Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement
will expire on September 30, 2034 (the Zimmer Term ), unless terminated earlier pursuant to its terms. Either party may terminate
the Zimmer Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement (x) with written notice for the other party s material breach following a
cure period or (y) if the other party becomes subject to certain insolvency proceedings. In addition, Zimmer may terminate the Zimmer
Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement for any reason with 90 days written notice, and the Company may terminate the Zimmer
Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement if Zimmer acquires or directly or indirectly owns a controlling interest in certain competitors
of the Company. The license rights granted to Zimmer under the Zimmer Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement shall be exclusive from
the effective date of the Zimmer Amendment until the end of the Zimmer Term. 

All payments attributed to the Initial Exclusivity
Fee, the sEEG exclusivity maintenance fee and sEEG design milestone payment are non-refundable. 

The achievement of the level of sales required
to earn royalty payments from Zimmer is uncertain. 

For further discussion about the determination
of collaborations revenue, product revenue and cost of product revenue, and for a discussion of milestones and royalty payments under
the Zimmer Distribution Agreement, see Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity Outlook below and see
 Note 7 Zimmer Distribution Agreement included in our financial statements
included in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report. 

62 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Selling, General and Administrative 

Selling, general and administrative expenses consist
primarily of personnel-related costs including stock-based compensation for personnel in functions not directly associated with research
and development activities. Other significant costs include legal and litigation costs relating to corporate matters, intellectual property
costs, professional fees for consultants assisting with financial and administrative matters, and sales and marketing in connection with
the commercial sale of cEEG strip/grid, sEEG depth electrode, OneRF ablation system and electrode cable assembly products. We anticipate
that our selling, general and administrative expenses will increase in the future to support our continued research and development activities,
further commercialization of our cortical strip and grid technology, ablation system and our depth electrode technology, and the increased
costs of operating as a public company. These increases will include increased costs related to the hiring of additional personnel and
fees for legal and professional services, as well as other public company related costs. 

Research and Development 

Research and development expenses consist of expenses
incurred in performing research and development activities in developing our technology. Research and development expenses include compensation
and benefits for research and development employees including stock-based compensation, overhead expenses, cost of laboratory supplies,
clinical trial and related clinical manufacturing expenses, costs related to regulatory operations, fees paid to consultants and other
outside expenses. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and costs incurred by third parties are expensed as the contracted
work is performed. 

Fair Value Change in Warrant Liability 

The net change in fair value line item is attributed
to the warrant liability while outstanding. 

Financing Costs 

Financing costs consists of the amortization of
the deferred issuance costs associated with the debt facility (as described further below) and issuance costs attributed to the warrants
issued in connection with the 2024 Private Placement (as described further below). 

Other Income, net	 

Other income, net primarily consists of interest
income related to our cash, cash equivalents, investment income or loss from short-term investments, while outstanding, and other income
or expense outside of normal operating activity relating to legal settlements, sales of non-commercial supplies and other items as applicable. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the Fiscal Years Ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 

The following table sets forth our results of
operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

For the years ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Period to Period Change 
 
 Product revenue 
 3,453,003 
 1,952,441 
 1,500,562 
 
 Cost of product revenue 
 2,373,336 
 1,495,924 
 877,412 
 
 Product gross profit 
 1,079,667 
 456,517 
 623,150 

Collaborations revenue 
 
 1,455,188 
 (1,455,188 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 
 7,901,695 
 6,926,269 
 975,426 
 
 Research and development 
 5,065,181 
 6,940,686 
 (1,875,505 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 12,966,876 
 13,866,955 
 (900,079 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (11,887,209 
 (11,955,250 
 68,041 
 
 Fair value change in warrant liability 
 (327,092 
 
 (327,092 
 
 Financing costs 
 (228,988 
 
 (228,988 
 
 Other income, net 
 125,179 
 95,759 
 29,420 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (12,318,110 
 (11,859,491 
 (458,619 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 
 (12,318,110 
 (11,859,491 
 (458,619 

63 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Product Revenue and Product Gross Profit 

Product revenue was 3.5 million during the year
ended September 30, 2024 with a gross profit and gross profit percentage of 1.1 million and 31.3 , respectively. Product revenue was
 2.0 million during the year ended September 30, 2023 with a gross profit and gross profit percentage of 0.5 million and 23.4 , respectively.
The increase in gross profit percentage during the current period was largely due to the higher sales volume that exceeded fixed royalty
and overhead period costs and due to slightly lower overall material supply costs. Product revenue consisted of Strip/Grid Products, sEEG
Products, OneRF Products and Electrode Cable Assembly Products sales. Cost of product revenue consisted of the manufacturing and materials
costs incurred by our third-party contract manufacturer in connection with our Strip/Grid Products, sEEG Products and OneRF Products,
and outside supplier materials costs in connection with the Electrode Cable Assembly Products. In addition, cost of product revenue included
royalty fees incurred of approximately 157,000 in connection with our license agreements during each of the years ended September 30,
2024 and 2023. 

Collaborations Revenue 

There was no collaborations revenue during the
year ended September 30, 2024. Collaborations revenue was approximately 1.5 million during the year ended September 30, 2023. Revenue
during the prior year period was derived from the Zimmer Distribution Agreement in connection with the completion of the sEEG maintenance
fee obligation as a result of securing FDA approval. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses were
 7.9 million and 6.9 million for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The 1.0 increase period over period was
primarily due to an increase in payroll related costs of approximately 0.4 million, stock-based compensation of 0.2 million, professional
and board fees of 0.3 million and marketing and sales costs of 0.2 million, offset slightly by a reduction in general operating costs
of 0.1 million on a net basis. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses were approximately
 5.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2024, compared to 6.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2023. The 1.9 million decrease
period over period was attributed to the net reduction in development activities associated with our sEEG Products, Strip/Grid Products
and OneRF Products given the commercialization of these products. Activity associated with new technology development partially offset
the overall net decrease in research and development costs during the current period. Development activities primarily included salary-related
expenses and costs related to consulting services, materials and supplies. 

Fair Value Change in Warrant Liability 

The net change in fair value of the warrant liability
during the year ended September 30, 2024 was 0.3 million. The change was due primarily to fluctuations in our common stock fair value.
There were no warrants outstanding during the year ended September 30, 2023 that were measured on a fair value basis. 

Financing Costs 

Financing costs during the year ended September
30, 2024 consisted of the amortization of the deferred issuance costs associated with the debt facility (described further below) in the
amount of 0.1 million and issuance costs attributed to the warrants issued in connection with the 2024 Private Placement (described further
below) in the amount of 0.1 million. We did not incur any financing costs during the year ended September 30, 2023. 

64 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Other Income, net 

Other income, net during the year ended September
30, 2024 consisted principally of interest income attributed to our cash and cash equivalents. 

Other income, net during the year ended September
30, 2023 related to interest income attributed to our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments in the amount of 0.2 million,
while outstanding, which was partially offset by an exploit loss of 94,000 and a loss on disposal of equipment in the amount of 32,000. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview 

As of September 30, 2024, our principal source
of liquidity consisted of cash and cash equivalents in the aggregate of approximately 1.5 million. While we began to generate revenue
in fiscal year 2021 from commercial sales and through milestone and other payments under our collaboration with Zimmer, we expect to continue
to incur significant expenses and increasing operating and net losses for the foreseeable future until and unless we generate an adequate
level of revenue from commercial sales to cover expenses. Our most significant cash requirements relate to the funding of our ongoing
product development and commercialization operations. Our additional material cash needs include commitments under operating leases, royalty
obligations under our intellectual property licenses with the Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation and the Mayo Foundation for Medical
Education and Research as well as other administrative services. See Funding Requirements below for more information. We
anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially as we continue to develop and commercialize our electrode technology and pursue
pre-clinical and clinical trials, seek regulatory approvals, manufacture products, market and distribute our OneRF Products, hire additional
staff, add operational, financial and management systems and continue to operate as a public company. On August 2, 2024, we closed the
2024 Private Placement, a private placement of shares of common stock and warrants for total gross proceeds of approximately 2.65 million,
and entered into the Debt Facility, a delayed draw term debt facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 3.0 million. 

Capital Resources 

Our sources of cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments to date have been limited to collaboration and product revenues, along with proceeds from the issuances of notes with warrants,
common stock with and without warrants and unsecured loans with the terms of our more recent financings described below. 

August 2024 Private Placement 

On August 1, 2024,
we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain Purchasers, pursuant to which we, in a private placement,
agreed to issue and sell an aggregate of (i) 2,944,446 shares of our Company s common stock (the Shares ), par value
 0.001 per share and (ii) warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,208,333 shares of common stock (the PIPE Warrants at a purchase price of 0.90 per unit, consisting of one share and a PIPE Warrant to purchase 0.75 shares of common stock, resulting
in total gross proceeds of approximately 2.65 million before deducting estimated expenses. The 2024 Private Placement closed on
August 2, 2024. Issuance costs attributed to the 2024 Private Placement amounted to 0.2 million. 

The PIPE Warrants are
exercisable beginning on the date of issuance, have an exercise price of 1.19 per share, subject to adjustment, and will expire on the
third anniversary of the date of issuance . 

In
connection with the 2024 Private Placement, we agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC covering the resale of the Shares
and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the PIPE Warrants which became effective on September 13, 2024. 

65 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

At-The-Market Offering 

On December 21, 2022, we entered into a Capital
on Demand TM Sales Agreement Sales Agreement with JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC JonesTrading to create an at-the-market offering program ATM under which we may offer and sell shares having an aggregate offering
price of up to 14.5 million. JonesTrading is entitled to a commission at a fixed commission rate of up to 3 of the gross proceeds. On
July 24, 2023, we decreased the amount of common stock that can be sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement, such that we were offering up
to an aggregate of 2.6 million of our common stock for sale under the Sales Agreement, including the shares of our common stock previously
sold. Subsequently, on December 1, 2023, however, we increased the amount of common stock that can be sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement,
such that we were offering up to an aggregate of 4.8 million of our common stock for sale under the Sales Agreement, including the shares
of our common stock previously sold. On January 5, 2024, we further increased the amount of common stock that can be sold pursuant
to the Sales Agreement, such that we are offering up to an aggregate of 9.3 million of our common stock for sale under the Sales Agreement,
including the shares of common stock previously sold. Through September 30, 2024, we have issued 5,188,590 shares of common stock under
the ATM for gross proceeds in the amount of 7.6 million. We incurred issuance costs in connection with the ATM in the amount of 0.5
million through September 30, 2024 of which 41,000 was reflected as a deferred cost on our balance sheet. On August 16, 2024, we increased
the amount of common stock that can be sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement by 3.0 million. 

Debt Facility Financing 

On August 2, 2024, we entered into the Debt Facility
Agreement with Growth Opportunity Funding, LLC, as the Lender, which provided for a delayed draw term loan facility in an aggregate principal
amount not to exceed 3.0 million. We were permitted to borrow loans under the Debt Facility Agreement from time to time, for general
corporate purposes and subject to certain specified conditions, until the earliest of: (i) November 30, 2024, (ii) the occurrence of any
Monetization Event (as defined below) or Change of Control (as defined in the Debt Facility Agreement), or (iii) at the Lender s
option, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default under the Debt Facility Agreement. On November 7, 2024,
the Company terminated the Debt Facility Agreement and no amounts were drawn under the Debt Facility Agreement. 

The Loans would have matured on February 2,
2026 if issued. The rate of interest on any outstanding principal amount would have been 10 per annum, payable monthly in arrears and
at the maturity date. As of the closing date of the Debt Facility Agreement, no amounts were drawn by the Company thereunder. Financing
costs incurred in connection with the Debt Facility Agreement amounted to 0.3 million inclusive of the standby fee of 0.1 million to
the Lender. 

On August
2, 2024, we issued to the Lender a warrant exercisable for five years for 100,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price
of 0.66 per share, subject to adjustment (the Closing Date Debt Facility Warrant ). At the time of any borrowing of Loans,
we would have been required to issue to the Lender additional warrants exercisable for five years for 50,000 shares of common stock (for
each 500,000 of Loans borrowed) at the same per share exercise price as the Closing Date Debt Facility Warrant (the Additional
Debt Facility Warrants , and together with the Closing Date Debt Facility Warrant, the Debt Facility Warrants ). 

We were permitted to
voluntarily prepay the outstanding Loans at any time, without premium or penalty, upon five business days prior written notice
to the Lender. We were required to prepay outstanding Loans upon the occurrence of (i) any Change of Control or (ii) certain other events
as more fully described in the Debt Facility Agreement, but in any event including any capital raise or other transaction pursuant to
which we received cumulative cash proceeds in excess of 5.0 million in the aggregate (each such event in this prong (ii), a Monetization
Event ). Our obligations under the Debt Facility Agreement were secured by a first-priority security interest in substantially all
assets of the Company, subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Debt Facility Agreement. 

The Debt Facility Agreement
included other customary representations and warranties, conditions, affirmative and negative covenants, and events of default. 

66 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

July 2023 Public Offering 

On July 24, 2023, we entered into an underwriting
agreement with The Benchmark Company, LLC, as underwriter Benchmark ), relating to the issuance and sale of 5,250,000 shares
of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share, at a price to the public of 1.00 per share (the July 2023 Public Offering ).
In addition, under the terms of the July 2023 Public Offering, we granted Benchmark an option, exercisable for 30 days, to purchase up
to an additional 787,500 shares of common stock on the same terms the Overallotment Option ). The July 2023 Public Offering
closed on July 27, 2023, and we completed the sale and issuance of an aggregate of 6,037,500 shares of our common stock, including the
exercise in full of the Overallotment Option. 

The net proceeds to us from the July 2023 Public
Offering were approximately 5.2 million after deducting underwriting discounts and other offering expenses payable by the Company. 

Funding Requirements 

As noted above, certain of our cash requirements
relate to the funding of our ongoing product development and commercialization operations and our milestone and royalty obligations under
our intellectual property licenses with WARF and Mayo. See Item 1 Business Clinical
Development and Regulatory Pathway Clinical Experience, Future Development and Clinical Trial Plans of this Report for a
discussion of design, development, pre-clinical and clinical activities that we may conduct in the future, including expected cash expenditures
required for some of those activities, to the extent we are able to estimate such costs. 

On January 21, 2020,
we entered into an Amended and Restated License Agreement (the WARF License with WARF, which amended and restated in full
our prior license agreement with WARF, dated October 1, 2014. Under the WARF License, we have agreed to pay WARF a royalty equal to a
single-digit percentage of our product sales pursuant to the WARF License, with a minimum annual royalty payment of 50,000 for 2020,
 100,000 for 2021 and 150,000 for 2022 and each calendar year thereafter that the WARF License is in effect. If we or any of our sublicensees
contest the validity of any licensed patent, the royalty rate will be doubled during the pendency of such contest and, if the contested
patent is found to be valid and would be infringed by us if not for the WARF License, the royalty rate will be tripled for the remaining
term of the WARF License. 

Under
the Amended and Restated License and Development Agreement with Mayo (the Mayo Development Agreement ), we have agreed to
pay Mayo a royalty equal to a single-digit percentage of our product sales pursuant to the Mayo Development Agreement. See Note
4 Commitments and Contingencies included in our financial statements included in Item 8 Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report. for more information about the WARF License
and the Mayo Development Agreement. 

Our other cash requirements
within the next twelve months include accounts payable, accrued expenses, purchase commitments and other current liabilities. Our other
cash requirements greater than twelve months from various contractual obligations and commitments include operating leases and contracted
services. Refer to Note 4 Commitments and Contingencies included in our financial
statements included in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report for further detail
of our lease obligations and the timing of expected future payments. Contracted services include agreements with third-party service providers
for clinical research, product development, manufacturing, supplies, payroll services, equipment maintenance services, and audits for
periods up to fiscal year 2028. 

We expect to satisfy
our short term and long term obligations through cash on hand and, until we generate an adequate level of revenue from commercial sales
to cover expenses, if ever, from future equity and debt financings. 

67 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Liquidity Outlook 

For a discussion of potential fee payments under
the Zimmer Distribution Agreement, see Note 7 Zimmer Distribution Agreement and Other Product Revenue included in
our financial statements included in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report. Even though
we have received regulatory clearance to expand the use of our Evo sEEG electrode technology for up to 30 days, commercial sales of the
sEEG electrodes and OneRF Products are expected to take some time to be a significant source of liquidity. Zimmer has exclusive global
rights to distribute our strip and grid cortical electrodes, depth electrodes and electrode cable assembly products. Zimmer s failure
to timely develop or commercialize these products would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. On
October 2024, we entered into an Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement with Zimmer to provide Zimmer with the exclusive right and
license to distribute also our OneRF Ablation System for an upfront payment of 3.0 million, with eligibility for an additional 1.0 million
payment from Zimmer upon achievement of certain specified net sales milestones. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash
equivalents in the aggregate of approximately 1.5 million. Management has noted the existence of substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. Additionally, our independent registered public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in the
report on our financial statements as of and for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, noting the existence of substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our existing cash and cash equivalents may not be sufficient to fund our operating
expenses through at least twelve months from the date of this filing. To continue to fund operations, we will need to secure additional
funding through public or private equity or debt financings, through collaborations or partnerships with other companies or other sources.
We may not be able to raise additional capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Any failure to raise capital when needed could compromise
our ability to execute on our business plan. If we are unable to raise additional funds, or if our anticipated operating results are not
achieved, we believe planned expenditures may need to be reduced in order to extend the time period that existing resources can fund our
operations. If we are unable to obtain the necessary capital, it may have a material adverse effect on our operations and the development
of our technology, or we may have to cease operations altogether. 

The development and commercialization of our cortical
strip, grid electrode, depth electrode, ablation system technology and future products and technology is subject to numerous uncertainties,
and we could use our cash and cash equivalent resources sooner than we expect. Additionally, the process of developing medical devices
is costly, and the timing of progress in pre-clinical tests and clinical trials is uncertain. Our ability to successfully transition to
profitability will be dependent upon achieving further regulatory approvals and achieving a level of product sales adequate to support
our cost structure. We cannot assure you that we will ever be profitable or generate positive cash flow from operating activities. 

Cash Flows 

The following is a summary of cash flows for each
of the periods set forth below. 

For the Years Ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (11,011,840 
 (12,886,874 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 (120,197 
 2,649,964 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 7,269,586 
 7,399,074 
 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (3,862,451 
 (2,837,836 

68 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 11.0
million for the year ended September 30, 2024, which consisted of a net loss of 12.3 million partially offset by non-cash stock-based
compensation, depreciation, amortization related to intangible assets and deferred financing costs, operating lease expense, fair value
change in warrant liability and the proceeds from the issuance of warrants in connection with the 2024 Private Placement totaling approximately
 2.3 million in the aggregate. The net change in our net operating assets and liabilities associated with fluctuations in our operating
activities resulted in a cash use of approximately 1.0 million. The net cash use stemming from the change in operating assets and liabilities
was primarily attributable to an increase in inventory purchases and to an increases in our accounts receivable attributed largely to
the timing of customer payments. Partially offsetting the net cash operating use during the period was an increase in our accounts payable
and accrued expenses coupled with a decrease in prepaid expenses resulting from timing of payments and fluctuations in our operations. 

Net cash used in operating activities was 12.9
million for the year ended September 30, 2023, which consisted of a net loss of 11.9 million partially offset by non-cash stock-based
compensation, depreciation, amortization related to intangible assets and short term investment premiums and discounts, operating lease
expense and loss on disposal of fixed assets, totaling approximately 1.4 million in the aggregate. The net change in our net operating
assets and liabilities associated with fluctuations in our operating activities resulted in a cash use of approximately 2.4 million.
The net cash use stemming from the change in operating assets and liabilities was primarily attributable to both a decrease in deferred
revenue in connection with the completion of the remaining milestone performance obligation under the Zimmer Distribution Agreement and
to an increase in inventory purchases, attributed to the timing of payments. Partially offsetting the net cash operating use during the
period was a decrease in our accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and by an increase in our accrued expenses, on a net basis, resulting
from timing of payments and fluctuations in our operations. 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Net cash used in investing activities was 0.1
million for the year ended September 30, 2024 and consisted of outlays for purchases of property and equipment. 

Net cash provided by investing activities was
 2.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2023 and consisted of maturities of short-term investments in the amount of 4.5 million,
offset by purchases of short term investments of 1.5 million, consisting of treasury and corporate notes. The balance of activity during
the period consisted of outlays for purchases of property and equipment in the amount 0.4 million offset slightly by net proceeds associated
with the disposal of equipment. 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities was
 7.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2024, which consisted of net proceeds from the ATM of 4.8 million and net proceeds from
the 2024 Private Placement of 2.6 million, offset partially by repurchases of common stock for the payment of employee taxes in the amount
of 81,000 and debt facility issuance costs of approximately 75,000. 

Net cash provided by financing activities was
 7.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2023, which consisted of net proceeds from the July 2023 Public Offering of 5.2 million
and from the ATM of 2.3 million, offset partially by repurchases of common stock for the payment of employee taxes in the amount of 0.1
million. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant
Judgments and Estimates 

Our financial statements are prepared in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. These accounting principles require us to make estimates and judgments that can affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenue and
expense during the periods presented. We believe that the estimates and judgments upon which we rely are reasonably based upon information
available to us at the time that we make these estimates and judgments. To the extent that there are material differences between these
estimates and actual results, our financial results will be affected. The accounting policies that reflect our more significant estimates
and judgments and which we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results are
described in Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our financial statements included in Item
8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report. 

69 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Of these
policies, the following are considered critical to an understanding of our financial statements included in Item 8 Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report that require the application of the most subjective and the most complex judgments: 

Revenues: 

For discussion about the determination of collaborations
revenue, product revenue and cost of product revenue, see Note 7 Zimmer Amended and Restated Distribution Agreement and
Other Product Revenue included in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report. To date,
we have not had, nor expect to have in the future, significant variable consideration adjustments related to product revenue, such as
chargebacks, sales allowances and sales returns. 

Stock-based Compensation 

For discussions about the application of grant
date fair value associated with our stock-based compensation, see Note 8 Stock-Based Compensation included in Item
8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report. 

Fair Value of Warrant
liability 

We issued warrants in connection with our August
2024 Private Placement. The warrants were classified as a liability on our balance sheet and were recorded at fair value as certain provisions
precluded equity accounting treatment for these instruments. We will continue to adjust the liabilities for changes in fair value until
the earlier of the exercise, expiration, or until such time that cash settlement or indexation provisions are no longer in effect for
the warrants. For discussions about the application of fair value associated with the warrants, see Note 9 Stockholders 
Equity included in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report. 

Income Tax Assets
and Liabilities 

Income tax assets and liabilities include income
tax valuation allowances. For additional information, see Note 12 Income Taxes included in Item 8 
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report. 

Contingencies 

We are subject to numerous contingencies arising
in the ordinary course of business, including legal contingencies. For additional information, see Note 4 Commitments
and Contingencies included in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 3 Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies included in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report regarding
the impact of certain recent accounting pronouncements on our financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

Not applicable. 

70 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Balance Sheets F-4 Statements of Operations F-5 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity F-6 Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the stockholders and the board of directors
of NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance
sheets of NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation (the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the related
statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended
September 30, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and
2023, and the results of the Company s operations and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended September 30,
2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 of the financial statements, the Company had recurring
losses from operations and an accumulated deficit, expects to incur losses for the foreseeable future and requires additional working
capital. These are the reasons that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not contain any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

FORM 10-K 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below
is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Valuation of warrants 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described in Note 9 to the financial statements, the Company
completed a private placement offering during the year which included the issuance of warrants. Management determined the proper classification
of the warrants by reviewing the terms and conditions of the issued warrants and applying the applicable accounting guidance, including
Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Management concluded
the warrants met the criteria for the classification as a liability. The Company determined the fair value of warrants at the date of
issuance and year-end using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 

We identified the assessment of the measurement of fair value
of the common stock warrants as a critical audit matter. Specifically, there was a high degree of subjective auditor judgment, including
the involvement of professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, due to the complex valuation methodology that incorporates several
assumptions. 

How We Addressed the Matter in
Our Audit 

The primary procedures we performed
to address this critical audit matter included: 

With the assistance of firm personnel having specialized
skills and knowledge, we tested the model and methodology used to calculate the fair value of the common stock warrants including an
independent re-calculation. 

Performed audit procedures surrounding management s
assumptions utilized in the valuation model. 

/s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2021. 

December 17 ,
2024 

F- 3 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Balance Sheets 

As of September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Deferred offering costs 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Right-of-use asset 

Property and equipment, net 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liability 

Operating lease liability, long term 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 4) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding. 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 4 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Statements of Operations 

Years ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Product revenue 

Cost of product revenue 

Product gross profit 

Collaborations revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Fair value change in warrant liability 

Financing costs 

Other income, net 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Net loss per share: 

Basic and diluted 

Number of shares used in per share calculations: 

Basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 5 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance at September 30, 2022 

Issuance of common stock in connection with public offering 

Issuance of common stock in connection with at-the-market offering program 

Issuance costs in connection with common stock issuances 

Stock-based compensation 

Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units 

Share repurchases for the payment of employee taxes 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

Issuance of common stock in connection with 2024 Private Placement 

Issuance of common stock in connection with at-the-market offering program 

Issuance costs in connection with common stock issuances 

Stock-based compensation 

Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units 

Share repurchases for the payment of employee taxes 

Issuance of warrants in connection with debt facility 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 6 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Statements of Cash Flows 

Years ended 
September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Operating activities 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization and depreciation 

Amortization of deferred issuance costs 

Stock-based compensation 

Fair value change in warrant liability 

Private placement warrant issuance costs reclassed to financing activities 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Amortization of discounts and premiums on short-term investments 

() 
 
 Non-cash lease expense 

Change in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Inventory 

() 

() 
 
 Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

() 
 
 Accrued expenses, deferred revenue, operating lease and other liabilities 

() 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 
 
 Investing activities 

Purchases of short-term investments 

() 
 
 Maturities of short-term investments 

Proceeds from the disposal of fixed assets 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

() 

Financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock in connection with private placement 

Proceeds from issuance of warrants in connection with private placement 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock in connection with at-the-market offering program 

Issuance costs attributed to common stock and warrants issued in private placement 

() 

() 
 
 Issuance costs in connection with at-the-market offering program 

() 

() 
 
 Deferred issuance costs in connection with at-the-market offering program 

() 

Deferred issuance costs in connection with debt facility 

() 

Share repurchases for the payment of employee taxes 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental non-cash financing and investing transactions: 

Unpaid purchases of property and equipment 

Modification of right-of-use asset and associated lease liability 

Non-cash warrants issued in connection with debt facility 

Unpaid issuance costs in connection with private placement 

Unpaid deferred issuance costs 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 7 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

million as of September 30, 2024. To date, the Company s revenues have
not been sufficient to cover its full operating costs, and as such, it has been dependent on funding operations through the issuance of
debt and sale of equity securities. The Company has adequate liquidity, including the net proceeds from the 2024 Private Placement (See
Note 9 Stockholders Equity) and the 2024 Debt Facility (See Note 10 - Debt Financing), to fund its operations through April
2025. The raising of additional funds is not solely within the control of the Company. These factors raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this condition. If the Company is unable to raise additional funds, or the Company s anticipated operating results
are not achieved, management believes planned expenditures may need to be reduced in order to extend the time period that existing resources
can fund the Company s operations. 

The Company intends to fund ongoing activities
by utilizing its current cash and cash equivalents on hand, from product and collaborations revenue and by raising additional capital
through equity or debt financings. If management is unable to obtain the necessary capital, it may have a material adverse effect on the
operations of the Company and the development of its technology, or the Company may have to cease operations altogether. 

F- 8 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 9 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 10 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 11 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

Total liabilities at fair value 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Balance as of end of year 

F- 12 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

and for the
years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

F- 13 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

Stock options 

Restricted stock units 

for 2020, for 2021 and for
2022 and each calendar year thereafter that the WARF License is in effect. If the Company or any of its sublicensees contest the validity
of any licensed patent, the royalty rate will be doubled during the pendency of such contest and, if the contested patent is found to
be valid and would be infringed by the Company if not for the WARF License, the royalty rate will be tripled for the remaining term of
the WARF License. 

F- 14 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

days 
written notice if we default on the payments of amounts due to WARF or fail to timely submit development reports, actively pursue our
development plan or breach any other covenant in the WARF License and fail to remedy such default in days or in the event of certain
bankruptcy events involving us. WARF may also terminate the WARF License (i) on 90 days notice if we had failed to have commercial
sales of one or more FDA-approved products under the WARF License by June 30, 2021 or (ii) if, after royalties earned on sales begin to
be paid, such earned royalties cease for more than four calendar quarters. The first commercial sale occurred on December 7, 2020, prior
to the June 30, 2021 deadline. The WARF License otherwise expires by its terms on the date that no valid claims on the patents licensed
thereunder remain. The Company expects the latest expiration of a licensed patent to occur in 2030. During each of the years ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, in royalty fees were incurred related to the WARF License and were reflected as a component of cost of product
revenue. 

Mayo Agreement 

The Company has an exclusive license and development
agreement with the Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research Mayo related to certain intellectual property and
development services for thin film micro electrode technology Mayo Agreement ). If the Company is successful in obtaining
regulatory approval, the Company is to pay royalties to Mayo based on a percentage of net sales of products of the licensed technology
through the term of the Mayo Agreement, set to expire May 25, 2037. During the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and
 in royalty fees were incurred, respectively, and were reflected as a component of cost of product revenue. 

Facility Leases 

Headquarters Lease 

On May 20, 2024, the Company amended its non-cancellable
headquarters lease (the Lease with certain landlords (together, the Landlord pursuant to which the Company
leases office space located at 7599 Anagram Drive, Eden Prairie, Minnesota (the Premises ). The Company took possession of
the Premises on November 1, 2019, with the term of the Lease ending June 30, 2028, as amended, unless terminated earlier (the Lease
Term ). The base rent for the Premises ranges from per month to per month by the end of the Lease Term as amended.
In addition, as long as the Company is not in default under the Lease, the Company will be entitled to an abatement of its base rent for
the first two months of the amended Lease Term beginning in April 2025 and for the last month of the amended Lease Term (June 2028). In
addition, the Company pays its pro rata share of the Landlord s annual operating expenses associated with the Premises. 

Los Gatos Lease 

On July 1, 2021, the Company entered into a non-cancellable
facility lease (the Los Gatos Lease ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to rent office space for its research and development
operations located at 718 University Avenue, Suite #111, Los Gatos, California. The facility space under the Los Gatos Lease is approximately
 square feet. The Company took possession of the office space on July 2, 2021. The initial monthly rent under the Los Gatos Lease
was . On November 4, 2022, the Los Gatos Lease was extended for an additional to December 31, 2024. The rent under the
extended Los Gatos Lease ranges from to per month beginning on January 1, 2023. 

During the years ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, rent expense associated with the facility leases amounted to and , respectively. 

Modification of right-of-use asset and associated lease liability: 

Operating leases 

F- 15 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

Lease liability Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Weighted average discount rate 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total 

Short term portion in accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Long term portion 

Work-in-process 

Finished goods 

Total 

The Company had finished goods on consignment
in the amount of as of September 30, 2024. There was consigned inventory as of September 30, 2023. 

Intangibles 

- years 

Less: amortization 

Net intangibles, September 30, 2023 

Less: amortization 

Net intangibles, September 30, 2024 

F- 16 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

per year for fiscal year 2025 through 2027 based upon the two current license agreements. 

Property and Equipment 

Total property and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense was and 
for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Equipment with a net book value of was disposed by the Company
resulting in net proceeds of during the year ended September 30, 2023. 

Operating lease liability, short term 

Royalty fees 

Other 

Total 

F- 17 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

million (the Initial Exclusivity Fee to the Company
in fiscal year 2020. 

On August 2, 2022, the Company entered into a
Third Amendment to Exclusive Development and Distribution Agreement (the Zimmer Amendment with Zimmer. Pursuant to
the terms and conditions of the Zimmer Amendment, Zimmer made a million payment to the Company. In consideration of the mutual
covenants and agreements contained in the Zimmer Distribution Agreement, the fee and milestone payment provisions in the Zimmer Distribution
Agreement were replaced with the following below: 

million for the sEEG Exclusivity Maintenance Fee; and 

million for satisfaction of each of the milestone events
related to the design of sEEG Products set forth in the Zimmer Distribution Agreement even though the satisfaction was after the deadlines
originally identified. 

In addition, in connection with the Zimmer Amendment,
the Company issued Zimmer a warrant to purchase common stock (the 2022 Zimmer Warrant ). The 2022 Zimmer Warrant is
exercisable for up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock. The 2022 Zimmer Warrant has an exercise
price of per share, is exercisable commencing six months from the issuance date, and will expire on August 2, 2027. The fair
value of the 2022 Zimmer Warrant of million was based on the Black-Scholes pricing model. Input assumptions used were as follows:
a risk-free interest rate of ; expected volatility of ; expected life of years; expected dividend yield of ; and the underlying
fair market of the common stock. The 2022 Zimmer Warrant was classified in stockholders equity as the number of shares were
fixed and determinable, no cash settlement was required and no other provisions precluded equity treatment. 

The Zimmer Distribution Agreement will expire
on the tenth anniversary of the date of the first commercial sale of the last Products to achieve a first commercial sale, unless terminated
earlier pursuant to its terms. Either party may terminate the Zimmer Distribution Agreement (x) with written notice for the other party s
material breach following a cure period or (y) if the other party becomes subject to certain insolvency proceedings. In addition, Zimmer
may terminate the Zimmer Distribution Agreement for any reason with 90 days written notice, and the Company may terminate the Zimmer
Distribution Agreement if Zimmer acquires or directly or indirectly owns a controlling interest in certain competitors of the Company.
The license rights granted to Zimmer under the Strip/Grid Distribution License and sEEG Distribution License as defined in the Zimmer
Distribution Agreement shall be exclusive from the effective date of the Zimmer Amendment until the end of the term of the Zimmer Amendment. 

The Zimmer Distribution Agreement and Zimmer Amendment
were accounted for under the provisions of ASC 606. In accordance with the provisions under ASC 606, the Company identified five performance
obligations under the Zimmer Distribution Agreement and Zimmer Amendment: (1) the Company s obligation to grant Zimmer access to
its intellectual property; (2) completion of sEEG Product development; (3) completion of Strip/Grid Product development; (4) the provision
of sEEG exclusivity maintenance; and (5) completion of sEEG design modifications as requested by Zimmer. All performance obligations under
the Zimmer Distribution Agreement and Zimmer Amendment, outside of the sEEG exclusivity maintenance obligation, were met by September
30, 2022. The remaining performance obligation in deferred revenue as of September 30, 2022 attributed to sEEG exclusivity maintenance
was completed in first quarter of fiscal year 2023. 

The aggregate transaction price associated with
the Zimmer Distribution Agreement and Zimmer Amendment was million comprising the Initial Exclusivity Fee of million and the
 million payment under the Zimmer Amendment, less the fair value 2022 Zimmer Warrant of million. The transaction price was allocated
between performance obligations based on their relative standalone selling prices. The Company used a market based valuation approach
and an expected cost plus margin approach with regard to estimating the standalone selling price for the performance obligations. The
Company recognized collaborations revenue in the amount of during the year ended September 30, 2023 in connection with
the Zimmer Distribution Agreement and Zimmer Amendment. Given the achievement of the milestones under the Zimmer Distribution Agreement
and Zimmer Amendment by December 31, 2022, no collaborations revenue was recognized during the year ended September 30, 2024. 

F- 18 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

Revenue recognized 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

Revenue recognized 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

Product Revenue 

Product revenue related to the Company s
Strip/Grid Products, sEEG Products, OneRF Products and Electrode Cable Assembly Products. Product revenue recognized during the years
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively, inclusive of OneRF Product revenue that amounted to 
during the year ended September 30, 2024. There was no OneRF Product revenue recognized during the prior year period presented. The OneRF
Products were not covered by the Zimmer Distribution Agreement during the year ended September 30, 2024. 

Research and development 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

The Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 2017 Plan provides for the issuance of restricted shares and stock options to employees, directors, and consultants of
the Company. Effective October 1, 2021, no shares were available for issuance under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. 

Inducement Plan 

In addition to the Company s 2017 Equity
Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan ), the Company adopted the NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2021 Inducement Plan (the
 Inducement Plan on October 4, 2021, pursuant to which the Company reserved shares of its common stock to be used
exclusively for grants of awards to individuals who were not previously employees or directors of the Company, as an inducement material
to the individual s entry into employment with the Company within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. The
Inducement Plan was approved by the Company s Board of Directors without stockholder approval in accordance with such rule. On November
9, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors adopted the First Amendment to the Company s Inducement Plan, increasing the aggregate
number of shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to equity incentive awards under the Inducement Plan by shares for
a total of shares of common stock that may be issued. 

Evergreen provision 

Under the 2017 Plan, the shares reserved automatically
increase on January 1st of each year, for a period of not more than ten years from the date the 2017 Plan is approved by the stockholders
of the Company, commencing on January 1, 2019 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2027, to an amount equal to of the fully-diluted
shares outstanding as of December 31st of the preceding calendar year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors may act prior
to January 1st of a given year to provide that there will be no January 1st increase in the share reserve for such year or that the increase
in the share reserve for such year will be a lesser number of shares of common stock than would otherwise occur pursuant to the preceding
sentence. Fully Diluted Shares as of a date means an amount equal to the number of shares of common stock (i) outstanding
and (ii) issuable upon exercise, conversion or settlement of outstanding awards under the 2017 Plan and any other outstanding options,
warrants or other securities of the Company that are (directly or indirectly) convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for shares
of common stock, in each case as of the close of business of the Company on December 31 of the preceding calendar year. On January 1,
2024 and 2023, and shares were added to the 2017 Plan, respectively, as a result of the evergreen provision. 

F- 19 

NeuroOne
 Medical Technologies Corporation 

Notes
to Financial Statements 

and stock options were granted to employees, directors and consultants, respectively, with a weighted average
grant date fair value of and per share, respectively. The options granted have vesting periods ranging from being immediate
to . All options expire from the date of grant. The total expense for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
related to the stock options was and , respectively. 

Granted Exercised 
 
 Forfeited/Cancelled Outstanding at September 30, 2023 Granted Exercised 
 
 Forfeited/Cancelled Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 Vested and exercisable at September 30, 2024 

(1) The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying options and the fair value of our common stock as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 of and per share, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and outstanding options, respectively, had no intrinsic value. 

Expected life of options (years) Expected dividend yield Risk free interest rate 

During the years ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, and stock options vested, respectively. During the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and stock
options were forfeited, respectively. No options were exercised during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

F- 20 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

Granted 

Vested 

Non-vested at September 30, 2023 

Granted 

Vested 

Non-vested at September 30, 2024 

During the years ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, and RSUs were granted to members of the Company s board of directors and employees with a grant date fair
value of and per unit, respectively. The RSUs granted in fiscal year 2024 vest over a -year period in equal annual installments
on the anniversary date of the grant, subject to the recipient s continued service on such dates. The RSUs granted in fiscal 2023
vest over a to year period with some of the RSUs vesting ratably on a monthly basis and others vesting
at percent on the first anniversary of the grant date with the remaining RSUs vesting in equal quarterly installments on
the last day of each quarter over months, subject to the recipient s continued service on such dates. During the ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, and RSUs vested, respectively. The total expense for the years ended September 30, 2024 and
2023 related to the RSU s was and , respectively. No RSUs were forfeited during the years ended September 30, 2024
and 2023. 

General 

As of September 30, 2024, shares were
available for future issuance on a combined basis under the 2017 Plan and the Inducement Plan. Unrecognized stock-based compensation was
 as of September 30, 2024. The unrecognized share-based expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period
of years. 

shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share and (ii) warrants
to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock (the PIPE Warrants at a purchase price of per unit,
consisting of one share and a PIPE Warrant to purchase shares of common stock, resulting in total gross proceeds of approximately
 million before deducting expenses. Issuance costs attributed to the 2024 Private Placement amounted to approximately million.
The 2024 Private Placement closed on August 2, 2024. 

The PIPE Warrants are
exercisable beginning on the date of issuance, have an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment, and will expire on the
third anniversary of the date of issuance. One of the Purchasers in the 2024 Private Placement included Paul Buckman, a director on the
Company s Board of Directors. 

The PIPE Warrants were
accounted for and classified as liabilities on the accompanying balance sheets given certain price reset provisions not used for a fair
valuation under a fixed for fixed settlement scenario as required for equity balance sheet classification. A Monte Carlo simulation
model was used to estimate the aggregate fair value of the PIPE Warrants. Input assumptions used were as follows on August 2, 2024 and
September 30, 2024: risk-free interest rate and , respectively; expected volatility of and ; respectively; expected
life of years and years, respectively; and expected dividend yield percent for both dates. The underlying stock price used
was the market price as quoted on Nasdaq as of August 2, 2024 and September 30, 2024. The aggregate fair value of the PIPE Warrants of
 upon issuance was recorded as a long term liability on the accompanying balance sheets. The Company recorded the fair
value change of the PIPE Warrants in the amount of to the fair value change in warrant liability line item on the accompanying
statements of operations for the year ended September 30, 2024. 

F- 21 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

million. JonesTrading is entitled to a commission at a fixed commission rate of up to of the gross
proceeds. On July 24, 2023, the Company decreased the amount of common stock that can be sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement, such that
the Company was offering up to an aggregate of million of its common stock for sale under the Sales Agreement, including the shares
of common stock previously sold. Subsequently on December 1, 2023, however, the Company increased the amount of common stock that can
be sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement, such that the Company was offering up to an aggregate of million of its common stock for
sale under the Sales Agreement, including the shares of common stock previously sold. On January 5, 2024, the Company further increased
the amount of common stock that can be sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement, such that the Company was offering up to an aggregate of
 million of its common stock for sale under the Sales Agreement, including the shares of common stock previously sold. On August 16,
2024, we increased the amount of common stock that can be sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement by million. 

During the years ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, and shares of common stock were issued, respectively, under the ATM for an aggregate offering price of 
and , respectively. Issuance costs incurred under the ATM during the years ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. 

The total aggregate offering price and common
stock issued since inception of the ATM though September 30, 2024 was and shares, respectively. Cumulative issuance
costs incurred under the ATM through September 30, 2024 was of which was included as a deferred cost on the balance sheet
as of September 30, 2024. 

July 2023 Public Offering 

On July 24, 2023, the Company entered into an
underwriting agreement with The Benchmark Company, LLC, as underwriter Benchmark ), relating to the issuance and sale of
 shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, at a price to the public of per share (the July
2023 Public Offering ). In addition, under the terms of the July 2023 Public Offering, the Company granted Benchmark an option,
exercisable for 30 days, to purchase up to an additional shares of common stock on the same terms the Overallotment Option ).
The July 2023 Public Offering closed on July 27, 2023, and the Company completed the sale and issuance of an aggregate of shares
of its common stock, including the exercise in full of the Overallotment Option. 

The net proceeds to the Company from the July
2023 Public Offering were approximately million after deducting underwriting discounts and other offering expenses payable by the
Company. The Company used the net proceeds from this offering to: (i) support the commercial launch of the EVO sEEG electrode with Zimmer
Biomet, (ii) support the FDA submission for the OneRF ablation system and (iii) complete the design of a novel drug delivery electrode,
among other general corporate purposes. 

F- 22 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

- Issued 

Exercised 

Expired - 
 Outstanding and exercisable at September 30, 2023 - Issued - Exercised 

Expired - 
 Outstanding at September 30, 2024 - Outstanding and exercisable at September 30, 2024 - 

Total 

million (the Debt Facility ).
The Company was permitted to borrow loans under the Debt Facility from time to time (collectively, the Loans ), for general
corporate purposes and subject to certain specified conditions, until the earliest of: (i) November 30, 2024, (ii) the occurrence of any
Monetization Event (as defined below) or Change of Control (as defined in the Debt Facility Agreement), or (iii) at the Lender s
option, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default under the Debt Facility Agreement. On November 7, 2024,
the Company terminated the Debt Facility Agreement (See Note 14 Subsequent Events). 

The Loans would have
matured on February 2, 2026, if issued. Interest on any outstanding principal amount would have been at a rate of per annum, payable
monthly in arrears and at the maturity date. As of September 30, 2024, no amounts were drawn under the Debt Facility Agreement by the
Company. 

At closing of the Debt
Facility, the Company issued to the Lender a warrant exercisable for for shares of common stock at an exercise price
of per share, subject to adjustment (the Closing Date Debt Facility Warrant ). The Closing Date Debt Facility Warrant
 was accounted for and classified as equity on the accompanying balance sheets. 

At the time of any borrowing
of Loans, the Company would have issued to the Lender additional warrants exercisable for for shares of common stock
(for each of Loans borrowed) at the same per share exercise price as the Closing Date Debt Facility Warrant the Additional
Debt Facility Warrants , and together with the Closing Date Debt Facility Warrant, the Debt Facility Warrants ). 

F- 23 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

million in the aggregate (each such event in this prong (ii),
a Monetization Event ). The obligations of the Company under the Debt Facility were secured by a first-priority security
interest in substantially all assets of the Company, subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Debt Facility Agreement. 

The Debt Facility Agreement
included other customary representations and warranties, conditions, affirmative and negative covenants, and events of default. 

Issuance costs incurred
through September 30, 2024 in connection with the Debt Facility amounted to which included legal fees of , warrant fair
of the warrant issuance in the amount of and a transaction fee to the lender in the amount of and were initially recorded
as a deferred cost on the accompanying balance sheets. The deferred costs were being amortized over the term of the Debt Facility. For
the year ended September 30, 2024, of the deferred costs were amortized and were included in the financing costs line item in
the accompanying statements of operations. 

customer
accounted for of the Company s product revenue and customers accounted for the remaining of product revenue. For the
year ended September 30, 2023, one customer accounted for all of the Company s product and collaborations revenue. 

Supplier concentration 

One contract manufacturer produces all of the
Company s Strip/Grid Products and sEEG Products and another supplier was responsible for the development of the Company s
OneRF Ablation system. 

State income tax, net of federal benefit 

Research credits 

Stock-based compensation and other 

Valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

Acquired intangibles 

Accruals and other 

Research and development capitalization 

Research and development credit carryforwards 

Stock-based compensation 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Fixed assets and other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

F- 24 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

and , respectively. Realization of the deferred assets is primarily
dependent upon future taxable income, if any, the amount and timing of which are uncertain. The Company has had significant pre-tax losses
since its inception. The Company has not yet generated revenues from sales to the level of becoming profitable. Accordingly, the net deferred
tax assets have been fully offset by a valuation allowance of approximately and as of September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. Net deferred tax assets will continue to require a valuation allowance until the Company can demonstrate their realizability
through sustained profitability or another source of income. 

As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company s
federal net operating loss carryforwards were approximately and , respectively. The Company had federal research
credit carryforwards as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 of approximately and , respectively. The federal net operating
loss incurred prior to January 1, 2018 and tax credit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2036 if not utilized. Federal net operating
losses incurred after December 31, 2017 will not expire. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had state net operating loss carryforwards
of approximately and , respectively. The Company had state research credit carryforwards of approximately 
and as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2031,
if not utilized, and the state research credit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2032 if not utilized. 

Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards
and credits may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and similar state provisions. Generally, in addition to certain entity reorganizations, the limitation
applies when one or more -percent shareholders increase their ownership, in the aggregate, by more than percentage points
over a 36-month testing period or beginning the day after the most recent ownership change, if shorter. The annual limitation may result
in the expiration of net operating losses and credits before utilization. 

In accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC
740 ), specifically related to uncertain tax positions, a Company is required to use a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute
for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits
to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. 

Gross increase, current period tax positions 

Unrecognized tax positions, end of year 

If recognized, none of the unrecognized tax positions
would impact the Company s income tax benefit or effective tax rate as long as the Company s net deferred tax assets remain subject to
a full valuation allowance. The Company does not expect any significant increases or decreases to the Company s unrecognized tax positions
within the next months. 

In accordance with this guidance, the Company
has adopted a policy under which, if required to be recognized in the future, interest related to the underpayment of income taxes will
be classified as a component of interest expense and any related penalties will be classified in operating expenses in the accompanying
statements of operations. 

The Company has tax filing obligations in the
following jurisdictions: U.S. federal, Minnesota and California. The income tax returns since 2021 are subject to examination by the federal
and state taxing authorities. 

F- 25 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation 

Notes to Financial Statements 

of their compensation through payroll
withholdings into the 401K Plan subject to federal law limits. The Company may match of deferrals up to of one s contributions.
The Company s matching contributions to employee deferrals are discretionary. The Company may also make discretionary profit sharing
contributions under the 401K Plan in the future, but it has not done so through September 30, 2024. 

Employee contributions and any employer matching
contributions made to satisfy certain non-discrimination tests required by the Internal Revenue Code are vested upon contribution.
Discretionary employer matches to employee deferrals vest over a six year period beginning on the second anniversary of an employee s
date of hire. Discretionary profit sharing contributions vest over a five year period beginning on the first anniversary of an employee s
date of hire. The Company did not make any contributions to the 401K Plan during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

million, with eligibility for an additional million payment from Zimmer
upon achievement of certain specified net sales milestones. 

On November 7, 2024, the Company terminated the
Debt Facility Agreement and no amounts were drawn under the Debt Facility Agreement, The Company and paid the standby fee of 
to the Lender. 

F- 26 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) which are controls and other procedures that are designed to provide
reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As of September 30, 2024, our management, with
the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports
we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level
as of September 30, 2024. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and Board of
Directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, recognizes that our internal control over financial reporting cannot prevent or detect all errors
and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the
control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems,
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about
the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions. 

Management, with the participation of the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, the end
of our fiscal year. Management based its assessment on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, management has concluded that the Company s
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2024. 

71 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

Exemption from Attestation Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This Report does not include an attestation report
of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was
not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide
only Management s report because we are a non-accelerated filer. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

No change in our internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

During the fiscal year 2024, none of our other
directors or executive officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) or any contract,
instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions
of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation
S-K. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

72 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required by Item 10 is hereby
incorporated by reference to the sections of the 2025 Proxy Statement under the captions Executive Compensation , Proposal
No. 1 - Election of Class II Director, and Executive Officers, and Board and Committee Information. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by Item 11 is hereby
incorporated by reference to the sections of the 2025 Proxy Statement under the captions Executive Compensation and Proposal
No. 1 - Election of Class II Director - Non-Employee Director Compensation 2024 Compensation. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by Item 12 is hereby
incorporated by reference to the sections of the 2025 Proxy Statement under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Executive Compensation - Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by Item 13 is hereby
incorporated by reference to the sections of the 2025 Proxy Statement under the captions Certain Relationships and Related-Party
Transactions and Board and Committee Information. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by Item 14 is hereby
incorporated by reference to the sections of the 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption Proposal No. 2 - Ratification of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

73 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual
Report: 

(1) Financial Statements: The financial statements filed as part
of this Annual Report are listed in Part II, Item 8. 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

No financial statement schedules are
provided because the information called for is not required or is shown either in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

(3) Exhibits: The exhibits incorporated by reference or filed
as part of this Annual Report are listed in the Index to Exhibits below. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Document 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June, 29, 2017) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31, 2021) 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2024 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2017) 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 on the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on December 20, 2019) 

10.1 # 
 
 Amended and Restated Exclusive Start-up Company License Agreement effective January 21, 2020 by and between NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation and Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2020) 

10.2 ## 
 
 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research Amended and Restated License and Development Agreement by and between Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research, and NeuroOne LLC dated as of May 25, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2017) 

10.3 + 
 
 2016 Equity Incentive Plan of NeuroOne, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2017) 

10.3.1 + 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement pursuant to 2016 Equity Incentive Plan of NeuroOne, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2017) 

10.4 + 
 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan
 of the Company (incorporated by reference to Appendix G to Schedule 14C filed on April 20, 2017) 

74 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

10.4.1 + 
 
 NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2017 Equity Incentive Plan Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2017) 

10.4.2 + 
 
 NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2017 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2017) 

10.5 + 
 
 NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2021 Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2021) 

10.5.1 + 
 
 First Amendment to NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2021 Inducement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2023) 

10.5.2 + 
 
 NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2021 Inducement Plan Form of Option Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2021) 

10.6 + 
 
 Offer Letter to Mark Christianson from NeuroOne, Inc. dated December 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 20, 2017) 

10.7 + 
 
 Form of Indemnification
 Agreement with the Company s Officers and Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit E to Appendix B to Schedule 14C filed
 on April 20, 2017) 

10.8 + 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation and David A. Rosa dated August 4, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 7, 2017) 

10.8.1 + 
 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement between NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation and David A. Rosa dated September 9, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2024) 

10.9 + 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 

10.10 + 
 
 Employee Proprietary Information, Inventions, Assignment and Non-Competition Agreement. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 on the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-KT filed on December 12, 2018) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2019) 

10.12 + 
 
 Offer Letter between Steve Mertens and NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation, effective April 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2019) 

10.12.1 + 
 
 First Amendment to Offer Letter between the Company and Steve Mertens, dated as of September 9, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2024) 

10.13 
 
 Lease Agreement dated October 7, 2019, by and among NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation and Biynah Cleveland, LLC, BIP Cleveland, LLC, and Edenvale Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 11, 2019) 

10.14 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 29, 2019) 

10.15 
 
 Form of Broker Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2020) 

75 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

10.16 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 on the Registrant s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2020) 

10.17 + 
 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated as of January 1, 2021, by and between Ron McClurg and the Company
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2021) 

10.17.1+ 
 
 First Amendment to Offer Letter, dated as of September 9, 2024, by and between NeuroOne Medical Technologies
 Corporation and Ronald McClurg (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on September 13, 2024) 

10.18 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on the Registrant s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on January 15, 2021) 

10.19 
 
 Form of Common Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on
 the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 15, 2021) 

10.20 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated October 13, 2021, between NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation
 and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on October 14, 2021) 

10.21 
 
 Capital on Demand Sales Agreement, dated December 21, 2022 between NeuroOne Medical Technologies
 Corporation and JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 on the Registrant s Annual
 Report on Form 10-K filed on December 22, 2022) 

10.22 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated July 24, 2023, between NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation and
 The Benchmark Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 July 27, 2023) 

10.23# 
 
 Amended and Restated Exclusive Development and Distribution Agreement, dated October 25, 2024, by
 and between NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation and Zimmer, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 31, 2024) 

10.24 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on the Registrant s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed August 7, 2024) 

10.25 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 on the Registrant s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed August 7, 2024) 

10.26 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 7, 2024) 

10.27 + 
 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated as of November 10, 2023, by and between the Company and Christopher
 R. Volker (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2023) 

10.27.1 + 
 
 First Amendment to Offer Letter, dated as of September 9, 2024, by and between the Company and Christopher
 R. Volker (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 13,
 2024) 

10.28 # 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2024, by and between the Company and Growth Opportunity Funding, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 7, 2024) 

76 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

19.1 Insider Trading Policy 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 23.1 Consent of 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 97.1 NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Policy for the Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Indicates filed herewith. 

Indicates furnished herewith. 

# Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant
to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request. Certain
portions of the exhibits that are not material have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. Copies of the unredacted
exhibits will be furnished to the SEC upon request. 

## Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a
request for confidential treatment and have been separately filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted
pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish any omitted schedules or exhibits upon the request
of the SEC. A list of the omitted schedules and exhibits to this agreement is as follows: Exhibit A: Schedule of Purchasers; Exhibit
B: Form of Warrant; Exhibit C: Accredited Investor Qualification Questionnaire; Exhibit D: Bad Actor Questionnaire; and Exhibit E: Selling
Stockholder Questionnaire. 

+ Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

(b) The exhibits listed in Item 15(a)(3) are hereby filed with
this Annual Report. 

(c) None. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

77 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Form 10-K 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: December 17, 2024 
 NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ DAVID ROSA 

David Rosa 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ DAVID ROSA 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 December 17, 2024 
 
 David Rosa 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ RONALD MCCLURG 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 December 17, 2024 
 
 Ronald McClurg 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ PAUL BUCKMAN 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 December 17, 2024 
 
 Paul Buckman 

/s/ EDWARD ANDRLE 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 December 17, 2024 
 
 Edward Andrle 

/s/ JEFFREY MATHIESEN 
 
 Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 December 17, 2024 
 
 Jeffrey Mathiesen 

78 

<EX-10.9>
 2
 ea022451401ex10-9_neuroone.htm
 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION POLICY

Exhibit 10.9 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

Amended
and Restated 

 Non-Employee
Director Compensation Policy 

Effective Date: October 1, 2024 

On August 9, 2024, the Compensation
Committee (the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of
NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), approved the following amended
and restated compensation policy (this Policy for each member of the Board who is not also serving as an
employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (each such member, an Eligible Director ), effective as
of October 1, 2024 (the Effective Date ). This Policy may be amended or terminated at any time in the sole
discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee. 

Annual
Cash Compensation 

Each Eligible Director shall
receive the annual cash compensation amounts set forth below Annual Cash Retainers ). Each Eligible Director
serving as a director of the Company on the Effective Date will begin earning the Annual Cash Retainers as of the Effective Date; the
Annual Cash Retainers are payable in equal quarterly installments, payable in arrears on the last day of each fiscal quarter in which
the service occurred. 

If an Eligible Director joins
the Board or a committee of the Board at a time other than effective as of the first day of a fiscal quarter, each annual retainer set
forth below will be pro-rated based on days served in the applicable fiscal year, with the pro-rated amount paid for the first fiscal
quarter in which the Eligible Director provides the service, and regular full quarterly payments thereafter. All annual cash fees are
vested upon payment. 

1. Annual Board Service Retainer : 

a. All Eligible Directors (other than Chairman of the Board): 50,000 

b. Non-Executive Chairman of the Board: 100,000 

2. Annual
 Committee Chair Service Retainer 1 : 

a. Chairman of Audit Committee, if any: 17,000 

b. Chairman of Compensation Committee, if any: 10,000 

c. Chairman of Nominating Corporate Governance Committee,
if any: 10,000 

3. Annual Committee Member (other than Committee Chair) Service
Retainer : 

a. Member of Audit Committee, if any: 9,000 

b. Member of Compensation Committee, if any: 6,000 

c. Member of Nominating Corporate Governance Committee, if
any: 5,000 

1 Eligible Directors who serve as a Committee Chair will not receive
the annual retainer for service as a member on such Committee. 

Equity
Compensation 

The equity compensation set
forth below will be granted under the NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and will be documented on the applicable form of equity award agreement most recently approved for use by the Board (or a duly authorized
committee thereof) for Eligible Directors. All stock options granted under this Policy will be nonstatutory stock options, with an exercise
price per share equal to 100 of the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) of the underlying Common Stock on the date of grant, and
a term of ten years from the date of grant (subject to earlier termination in connection with a termination of service as provided in
the Plan). 

1. Annual Equity Award: 

On the date of each annual
stockholder meeting of the Company commencing with the 2019 annual stockholder meeting, each Eligible Director automatically, and without
further action by the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board, if any, will be granted an annual equity award with an aggregate value
on the date of grant equal to 50,000 (the Annual Equity Award ). One-third of the Annual Equity Award will
be issued in the form of an Option (as defined in the Plan), which will vest as follows, subject to an Eligible Director s Continuous
Service (as defined in the Plan): 1/12th of the shares will vest monthly, commencing on the one-month anniversary of the date of grant,
so that all of the shares will be vested on the one-year anniversary of the date of grant. Two-thirds of the Annual Equity Award will
be issued in the form of a Restricted Stock Unit Award (as defined in the Plan), which will vest as follows, subject to an Eligible Director s
Continuous Service: 1/12th of the shares will vest monthly, commencing on the one-month anniversary of the date of grant, so that all
of the shares will be vested on the one-year anniversary of the date of grant. 

2. Initial Equity Award: 

If an individual first becomes
an Eligible Director other than on the date of an annual stockholder meeting of the Company, each such Eligible Director automatically,
and without further action by the Board or Compensation Committee of the Board, if any, will be granted, on the date that he or she is
first elected or appointed to the Board (or, if such date is not a market trading day, the first market trading day thereafter), an annual
equity award with an aggregate value on the date of grant equal to the pro rata portion of the Annual Equity Award, which pro rata portion
reflects a reduction for each month prior to the date of grant that has elapsed since the preceding annual stockholder meeting of the
Company (the Pro-Rated Annual Equity Award ). One-third of the Pro-Rated Annual Equity Award will be issued
in the form of an Option, which will vest as follows, subject to such Eligible Director s Continuous Service: 1/12th of the shares
will vest monthly, commencing on the one-month anniversary of the date of grant, so that all of the shares will be vested on the one-year
anniversary of the date of grant. Two-thirds of the Pro-Rated Annual Equity Award will be issued in the form of a Restricted Stock Unit
Award, which will vest as follows, subject to such Eligible Director s Continuous Service: 1/12th of the shares will vest monthly,
commencing on the one-month anniversary of the date of grant, so that all of the shares will be vested on the one-year anniversary of
the date of grant. 

3. Effect of a Change in Control: 

In the event of a Change in Control (as defined
in the Plan), all of the Eligible Director s remaining Options and Restricted Stock Unit Awards that were issued by the Company
and assumed, continued or substituted by the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s
parent company) in a transaction that constitutes a Change in Control and remain subject to vesting conditions on the effective date of
such Change in Control shall fully vest on the effective date of such Change in Control and become immediately exercisable in accordance
with the terms of the applicable award documents and agreements. 

Expenses

The Company will reimburse
Eligible Directors for ordinary, necessary and reasonable out-of-pocket travel expenses to cover in-person attendance at and participation
in Board and/or Committee meetings; provided, that Eligible Directors timely submit to the Company appropriate documentation substantiating
such expenses in accordance with the Company s travel and expense policy, as in effect from time to time. 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-19.1>
 3
 ea022451401ex19-1_neuroone.htm
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY

Exhibit 19.1 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

 Insider
Trading Compliance Policy 

Effective
June 20, 2023 

This Insider Trading Compliance
Policy (this Policy consists of four sections: 

Section I provides
an overview; Section II sets forth the policies of NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation ,
a Delaware corporation (the Company prohibiting insider trading; Section III explains insider trading;
and Section IV consists of various procedures which have been put in place by the Company to prevent insider trading. 

I. SUMMARY. 

Preventing insider trading
is necessary to comply with securities laws and to preserve the reputation and integrity of the Company as well as that of all persons
affiliated with it. Insider trading occurs when any person purchases or sells a security while in possession of inside information
relating to the security. As explained in Section III below, inside information is information which is considered
to be both material and non-public. Insider trading is a crime and the penalties for violating the law include
imprisonment, disgorgement of profits, civil fines of up to three (3) times the profit gained or loss avoided, and criminal fines of up
to 5,000,000 for individuals and 25,000,000 for entities. Insider trading is also prohibited by this Policy and could result in serious
sanctions, including dismissal. 

This Policy applies to all
officers, directors and employees of the Company and extends to all activities within and outside an individual s duties at the
Company. This Policy also applies to any consultant or contractor to the Company that receives or has access to material, non-public information
regarding the Company (each such consultant or contractor, including such consultant s or contractor s representatives and
agents, a Subject Contractor ). Every officer, director, employee and Subject Contractor must review and adhere
to this Policy. The Company has appointed the Chief Financial Officer as the Company s Insider Trading Compliance Officer (the Compliance
Officer ). The Audit Committee (the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company
is responsible for oversight of this Policy. The Compliance Officer is responsible for monitoring and updating this Policy, presenting
any material updates to the Policy to the Audit Committee for approval, and providing a report, at least once annually, to the Audit Committee
regarding his or her monitoring of this Policy. Questions regarding the Policy should be directed to the Compliance Officer. 

II. STATEMENT OF POLICIES PROHIBITING INSIDER TRADING. 

A. No
officer, director, employee or Subject Contractor shall purchase or sell any type of security while in possession of material, non-public
information relating to the security, whether the issuer of such security is the Company or any other company. 

B. Additionally,
except as set forth in Section II.D. below and except for transactions effected under an approved Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan as described
in Section V below, no officer, director, employee or Subject Contractor shall purchase or sell any security of the Company
during the period beginning on the last trading day of the fiscal quarter and ending two (2) full trading days 
after the public release of the Company s quarterly/annual report whether or not the Company or any of its officers, directors,
employees or Subject Contractors is in possession of material, non-public information (the Black-Out Period ). For
the purposes of this Policy, a trading day shall mean a day on which national stock exchanges are open for trading. The
Company also encourages officers, directors, employees and Subject Contractors to consider conducting transactions in the Company s
securities only during the first 20 calendar days following the end of the Black-Out Period. 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy Page 1 

C. No
officer, director, employee or Subject Contractor shall directly or indirectly tip material, non-public information to anyone while in
possession of such information. In addition, material, non-public information should not be communicated to anyone outside the Company
under any circumstances (absent prior approval by the Compliance Officer and execution of an appropriate confidentiality agreement), or
to anyone within the Company other than on a need-to- know basis. 

D. This
Policy does not apply in the case of the following transactions under Company plans, except as set forth under Section IV.D. (Pre-Clearance) 
and except as otherwise specifically noted: 

1. This Policy does not apply to the exercise of stock options or the vesting of restricted stock units or
restricted stock, in each case granted under Company s equity compensation plans. This Policy does apply, however, to any sale of
Company Stock (as defined below) as part of a broker-assisted cashless option exercise, or any other market sale of the Company Stock
received upon exercise or vesting of any equity award, whether or not for the purpose of generating the cash needed to pay the exercise
price of a stock option or to pay taxes. 

2. This Policy does not apply to the surrender of shares directly to the Company to satisfy tax withholding
obligations as a result of the issuance of shares upon vesting or exercise of restricted stock units, stock options or other equity awards
granted under the Company s equity compensation plans. Of course, any market sale of the Company Stock received upon exercise or
vesting of any such equity awards remains subject to all provisions of this Policy, whether or not for the purpose of generating the cash
needed to pay the exercise price or pay taxes. 

3. This Policy does not apply to purchases of Company Stock under any employee stock purchase plan adopted
by the Company ESPP on periodic designated dates in accordance with the ESPP. This Policy does apply, however,
to an employee s sale of Company Stock purchased pursuant to the ESPP. 

4. This Policy does not apply to acquisition of Company Stock on periodic designated dates in accordance
with the Company s Non-Employee Directors Compensation Policy (the Directors Compensation Policy ).
This Policy does apply, however, to a director s election to receive Company Stock in lieu of cash compensation under the Directors 
Compensation Policy. Accordingly, such elections may not be effected during a Black-Out Period or when a director is otherwise in possession
of material, non- public information relating to the Company or any of its securities. 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy Page 2 

III. EXPLANATION OF INSIDER TRADING. 

As noted above, insider
trading refers to the purchase or sale of a security while in possession of material, non-public information
relating to the security. Securities include not only stocks, bonds, notes and debentures, but also stock options, warrants
and similar instruments. Purchase and sale are defined broadly under the federal securities laws. Purchase 
includes not only the actual purchase of a security, but any contract to purchase or otherwise acquire a security. Sale 
includes not only the actual sale of a security, but any contract to sell or otherwise dispose of a security. These definitions extend
to a broad range of transactions including conventional cash-for-stock transactions, conversions, the grant and exercise of stock options
and acquisitions and exercises of warrants or puts, calls or other options related to a security. It is generally understood that insider
trading includes the following: 

Trading by insiders while in possession of material, non-public information; 

Trading by persons other than insiders while in possession of material, non-public information where the
information either was given in breach of an insider s fiduciary duty to keep it confidential or was misappropriated; or 

Communicating or tipping material, non-public information to others, including recommending the purchase
or sale of a security while in possession of such information. 

A. What
Facts are Material? 

The materiality of a fact
depends upon the circumstances. A fact is considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor
would consider it important in making a decision to buy, sell or hold a security or where the fact is likely to have a significant effect
on the market price of the security. Material information can be positive or negative and can relate to virtually any aspect of a company s
business or to any type of security, debt or equity. 

Examples of material information
include (but are not limited to) facts concerning: dividends; corporate earnings or earnings forecasts; possible mergers or acquisitions;
significant developments in borrowings or financings; information concerning product developments or clinical results; important business
developments and major litigation developments. Moreover, material information does not have to be related to a company s business.
For example, the contents of a forthcoming newspaper column that is expected to affect the market price of a security can be material. 

A good general rule of thumb:
 when in doubt, do not trade. 

B. What
is Non-Public? 

Information is non-public 
if it is not available to the general public. In order for information to be considered public, it must be widely disseminated in a manner
making it generally available to investors through such media as Dow Jones, Reuters, The Wall Street Journal, Business Wire, Globe Newswire,
Associated Press, PR Newswire or United Press International or filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ).
The circulation of rumors, even if accurate and reported in the media, does not constitute effective public dissemination. 

In addition, even after a
public announcement, a reasonable period of time must lapse in order for the market to react to the information. Generally, one should
allow approximately twenty-four (24) hours following publication as a reasonable waiting period before such information is deemed to be
public. 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy Page 3 

C. Who
is an Insider? 

Insiders include
officers, directors and employees of a company and anyone else who has material inside information about a company, including Subject
Contractors. Insiders have independent fiduciary duties to their company and its stockholders not to trade on material, non- public information
relating to the company s securities. All officers, directors, employees and Subject Contractors of the Company should consider
themselves insiders with respect to material, non-public information about the Company s business, activities and securities. Officers,
directors, employees and Subject Contractors may not trade the Company s securities while in possession of material, non-public
information relating to the Company nor tip (or communicate except on a need-to-know basis) such information to others. 

It should be noted that trading
by members of an insider s household can be the responsibility of such insider under certain circumstances and could give rise to
legal and Company-imposed sanctions. 

D. Trading
by Persons Other than Insiders. 

Insiders may be liable for
communicating or tipping material, non-public information to a third party (a tippee ), and insider trading
violations are not limited to trading or tipping by insiders. Persons other than insiders also can be liable for insider trading, including
tippees who trade on material, non-public information tipped to them or individuals who trade on material, non- public information which
has been misappropriated. 

Tippees inherit an insider s
duties and are liable for trading on material, non-public information illegally tipped to them by an insider. Similarly, just as insiders
are liable for the insider trading of their tippees, so are tippees who pass the information along to others who trade. In other words,
a tippee s liability for insider trading is no different from that of an insider. Tippees can obtain material, non-public information
by receiving overt tips from others or through, among other things, conversations at social, business or other gatherings. 

E. Penalties
for Engaging in Insider Trading. 

Penalties for trading on or
tipping material, non-public information can extend significantly beyond any profits made or losses avoided, both for individuals engaging
in such unlawful conduct and their employers. The SEC and the Department of Justice have made the civil and criminal prosecution of insider
trading violations a top priority. Enforcement remedies available to the government or private plaintiffs under the federal securities
laws include: 

SEC administrative sanctions; 

Securities industry self-regulatory organization sanctions; 

Civil injunctions; 

Damage awards to private plaintiffs; 

Disgorgement of all profits; 

Civil fines for the violator of up to three (3) times the amount of profit gained or loss avoided; 

Civil fines for the employer or other controlling person of a violator (i.e., where the violator is an
employee or other controlled person) of up to the greater of 1,000,000 or three (3) times the amount of profit gained or loss avoided
by the violator; 

Criminal fines for individual violators of up to 5,000,000 25,000,000 for an entity); and 

Jail sentences of up to twenty (20) years. 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy Page 4 

In addition, insider trading
could result in serious sanctions by the Company, including dismissal. Insider trading violations are not limited to violations of the
federal securities laws. Other federal and state civil or criminal laws, such as the laws prohibiting mail and wire fraud and the Racketeer
Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, also may be violated upon the occurrence of insider trading. 

F. Examples
of Insider Trading. 

Examples of insider trading
cases include actions brought against: corporate officers, directors and employees who traded a company s securities after learning
of significant confidential corporate developments; friends, business associates, family members and other tippees of such officers, directors
and employees who traded the securities after receiving such information; government employees who learned of such information in the
course of their employment; and other persons who misappropriated, and took advantage of, confidential information from their employers. 

The following are illustrations
of insider trading violations. These illustrations are hypothetical and are not comprehensive, and, consequently, are not intended to
reflect the actual activities or business of the Company or any other entity. 

Trading by Insider 

An officer of X Corporation learns that
earnings to be reported by X Corporation will increase dramatically. Prior to the public announcement of such earnings, the officer purchases
X Corporation s stock. The officer, an insider, is liable for all profits as well as penalties of up to three (3) times the amount
of all profits. The officer also is subject to, among other things, criminal prosecution, including up to 5,000,000 in additional fines
and twenty (20) years in jail. Depending upon the circumstances, X Corporation and the individual to whom the officer reports also could
be liable as controlling persons. 

Trading by Tippee 

An officer of X Corporation tells a
friend that X Corporation is about to publicly announce that it has concluded an agreement for a major acquisition. This tip causes the
friend to purchase X Corporation s stock in advance of the announcement. The officer is jointly liable with his friend for all of
the friend s profits and each is liable for all penalties of up to three (3) times the amount of the friend s profits. In
addition, the officer and his friend are subject to, among other things, criminal prosecution, as described above. 

G. Insider
Reporting Requirements, Short-Swing Profits and Short Sales. 

1. Reporting Obligations Under Section 16(a)--SEC Forms 3, 4 and 5. 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), generally requires all officers, directors and 10 stockholders, within
ten (10) days after the insider becomes an officer, director or 10 stockholder (such person a Section 16 reporting person ),
to file with the SEC an Initial Statement of Beneficial Ownership of Securities on SEC Form 3 Form 3 listing the amount of the Company s Common Stock (the Stock ), stock options and warrants which the insider
beneficially owns. Following the initial filing on Form 3, every change in the beneficial ownership of the Company s Stock, stock
options and warrants must be reported on SEC Form 4 Form 4 within two (2) business days after the date on
which such change occurs or in certain cases on SEC Form 5 Form 5 within forty-five (45) days after fiscal
year end. Form 4 must be filed even if, as a result of balancing transactions, there has been no net change in holdings. In deciding the
filing deadline for purposes of filing Form 4, the trade date rather than the settlement date is ordinarily determinative. 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy Page 5 

Special rules apply in certain situations.
If any officer or director purchases or sells any of the Company s Stock within six (6) months after the event which required him
or her to file Form 3, the Form 4 filed with respect to that purchase or sale must also report any other purchases or sales he or she
made within the preceding six (6) months which were not previously reported. Similarly, if an officer or director purchases or sells any
of the Company s Stock within six (6) months after his or her termination from such position, the transaction must be reported on
Form 4 if he or she made any purchase or sale within the preceding six (6) months and prior to termination. 

2. Recovery of Profits Under Section 16(b). 

For the purpose of preventing the unfair
use of information which may have been obtained by an insider, any profits realized by any Section 16 reporting person from any purchase 
and sale of the Company s Stock during a six (6) month period, so called short-swing profits, may be
recovered by the Company. When such a purchase and sale occurs, good faith is no defense. The Section 16 reporting person is liable even
if compelled to sell for personal reasons, and even if the sale takes place after full disclosure and without the use of any inside information. 

The liability of a Section 16 reporting
person under Section 16(b) of the 1934 Act is only to the Company itself. The Company, however, cannot waive its right to short-swing
profits, and any Company stockholder can bring suit in the name of the Company. In this connection it must be remembered that reports
of ownership filed with the SEC on Form 3, Form 4 or Form 5 pursuant to Section 16(a) (discussed above) are readily available to the public,
and certain attorneys carefully monitor these reports for potential Section 16(b) violations. In addition, liabilities under Section 16(b)
may require separate disclosure in the Company s annual report to the SEC on Form 10-K or its proxy statement for its annual meeting
of stockholders. No suit may be brought more than two (2) years after the date the profit was realized. However, if the Section 16 reporting
person fails to file a report of the transaction under Section 16(a), as required, the two (2) year limitation period does not begin to
run until after the transactions giving rise to the profit have been disclosed. Failure to report transactions and late filing of reports
require separate disclosure in the Company s proxy statements. 

Officers and directors should consult
the attached Short-Swing Profit Rule Section 16(b) Checklist attached hereto as Attachment
A in addition to consulting with the Compliance Officer prior to engaging in any transactions involving the Company s
securities (see Section IV(A) below), including without limitation, the Company s Stock, stock options or warrants. 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy Page 6 

3. Short Sales Prohibited Under Section 16(c). 

Section 16(c) of the 1934 Act absolutely
prohibits insiders from making short sales of the Company s Stock, i.e., sales of shares which the insider does not own at the time
of sale or sales of the Company s Stock against which the insider does not deliver the shares within twenty (20) days after the
sale. Under certain circumstances, the purchase or sale of put or call options, or the writing of such options, can result in a violation
of Section 16(c). Insiders violating Section 16(c) face criminal liability. 

The Compliance Officer should be consulted
if you have any questions regarding reporting obligations, short-swing profits or short sales under Section 16. 

H. Prohibition
of Records Falsifications and False Statements. 

Section 13(b)(2) of the 1934
Act requires companies subject to the 1934 Act to maintain proper internal books and records and to devise and maintain an adequate system
of internal accounting controls. The SEC has supplemented the statutory requirements by adopting rules that prohibit (1) any person from
falsifying records or accounts subject to the above requirements and (2) officers or directors from making any materially false, misleading
or incomplete statement to any accountant in connection with any audit or filing with the SEC. These provisions reflect the SEC s
intent to discourage officers, directors and other persons with access to the Company s books and records from taking action that
might result in the communication of materially misleading financial information to the investing public. 

IV. STATEMENT OF PROCEDURES PREVENTING INSIDER TRADING. 

The following procedures have
been established, and will be maintained and enforced, by the Company to prevent insider trading. Every officer, director, employee and
Subject Contractor is required to follow these procedures. 

A. Identifying
Material, Non-Public Information. 

Prior to directly or indirectly
trading any security of the Company, every officer, director, employee and Subject Contractor is required to contact the Compliance Officer
(as part of the pre-clearance procedure discussed below in Section IV.D and make an initial determination whether the Company
and/or such officer, director, employee and/or Subject Contractor is in possession of material, non-public information relating to such
security. In making such assessment, the explanations of material and non-public information set forth above
should be of assistance. If after consulting with the Compliance Officer it is determined that the Company and/or such officer, director,
employee or Subject Contractor is in possession of material, non-public information, there can be no trading of such security. 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy Page 7 

B. Information
Relating to the Company. 

1. Access to Information. 

Access to material, non-public information
about the Company, including the Company s business, clinical data or analyses, interactions with regulatory authorities, pending
publication of scientific/clinical data or results, earnings or prospects, should be limited to officers, directors, employees and Subject
Contractors of the Company on a need-to-know basis. In addition, such information should not be communicated to anyone outside the Company
under any circumstances (absent prior approval by the Compliance Officer and execution of an appropriate confidentiality agreement) or
to anyone within the Company other than on a need-to-know basis. 

In communicating material, non-public
information to employees of the Company, all officers, directors, employees and Subject Contractors must take care to emphasize the need
for confidential treatment of such information and adherence to the Company s policies with regard to confidential information. 

2. Inquiries from Third Parties. 

Inquiries from third parties, such as
industry analysts or members of the media, about the Company should be directed to the Compliance Officer or his/her designee. 

C. Limitations
on Access to the Company Information. 

The following procedures are
designed to maintain confidentiality with respect to the Company s information, business operations and activities. 

1. All officers, directors, employees and Subject Contractors should take all steps and precautions necessary
to restrict access to, and secure, material, non-public information by, among other things: 

Maintaining the confidentiality of Company related information; 

Conducting their business and social activities so as not to risk inadvertent disclosure of confidential
information. Review of confidential documents in public places should be conducted so as to prevent access by unauthorized persons; 

Restricting access to documents and files (including computer files) containing material, non-public information
to individuals on a need-to-know basis (including maintaining control over the distribution of documents and drafts of documents); 

Promptly removing and cleaning up all confidential documents and other materials from conference rooms
following the conclusion of any meetings; 

Disposing of all confidential documents and other papers, after there is no longer any business or other
legally required need, through shredders when appropriate; 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy Page 8 

Restricting access to areas likely to contain confidential documents or material, nonpublic information;
and 

Avoiding the discussion of material, non-public information in places where the information could be overheard
by others, such as in elevators, restrooms, hallways, restaurants, airplanes or taxicabs. 

2. Personnel involved with material, non-public information, to the extent feasible, should conduct their
business and activities in areas separate from other Company activities. 

D. Pre-Clearance
of Trades by Officers, Directors, Employees and Subject Contractors. 

To provide assistance in preventing
inadvertent violations of applicable securities laws and to avoid the appearance of impropriety in connection with the purchase and sale
of the Company securities, except as set forth in the paragraph below, all transactions in Company securities (including without limitation,
acquisitions and dispositions of the Company s Stock, the exercise of stock options, the sale of the Company s Stock issued
upon the exercise of stock options or the vesting of restricted stock units or restricted stock and the sale of the Company s Stock
purchased under the ESPP) by officers, directors, employees and Subject Contractors must be pre-cleared by the Compliance Officer. A
request for pre-clearance should be submitted to the Compliance Officer at least two (2) business days in advance of the proposed transaction. 

Additionally, except as set
forth in Section II.D . above, neither the Company nor any of its officers, directors, employees or Subject Contractors may trade
in any securities of the Company during the Black-Out Period, unless authorized by the Compliance Officer. Also, please consult the Insider
Trading Reminders attached hereto as Attachment B . 

The requirement for pre-clearance
as set forth in the above paragraph does not apply to the following transactions: 

the vesting of restricted stock units or restricted stock; 

purchases of the Company s Stock under the ESPP on periodic designated dates in accordance with
the ESPP; 

purchases of Company Stock under on periodic designated dates in accordance with the Directors 
Compensation Policy; and 

transactions effected under an approved Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan as set forth in Section V below. 

All other transactions in Company securities,
including the exercise of stock options, are subject to pre-clearance as set forth in the above paragraph. A request for pre-clearance
must be made in writing, preferably by submission of a completed Request for Pre-Clearance in the form of Attachment
C to this Policy. Pre-cleared transactions should be effected promptly. Requestors are required to refresh the request for
pre-clearance if a pre-cleared transaction is not effected within five business days after pre-clearance is received. 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy Page 9 

Furthermore, requestors
must immediately notify the Chief Compliance Officer following the execution of any transaction . 

E. Avoidance
of Certain Aggressive or Speculative Trading. 

Officers, directors, employees
and Subject Contractors, and their respective family members (including spouses, minor children or any other family members living in
the same household), as applicable, may not directly or indirectly participate in transactions involving trading activities which by their
aggressive or speculative nature cause or even give the appearance of an impropriety, such as, for example, those listed in Nos. 1 and
2 below. If you are uncertain whether your proposed transaction may implicate these prohibitions, please contact the Compliance Officer
for pre-approval. 

1. PROHIBITION OF SPECULATIVE TRADING/HEDGING. All directors, officers, employees and Subject Contractors
are prohibited from engaging in short sales; transactions in put or call options, hedging or monetization transactions; or other inherently
speculative transactions with respect to the securities of the Company at any time. 

2. PROHIBITION ON PLEDGING. All directors, officers, employees and Subject Contractors are prohibited
from holding any securities of the Company in a margin account or otherwise pledging any securities of the Company as collateral for any
loan. 

V. RULE 10B5-1 TRADING PLANS. 

A. Overview.

SEC Rule 10b5-1 Rule
10b5-1 protects directors, officers and employees from insider trading liability under Rule 10b5-1 for transactions under
a previously established contract, plan or instruction to trade the Company s Stock (a Trading Plan entered into in good faith (and acted on in good faith for the duration of the Trading Plan) and in accordance with the terms of Rule
10b5-1 of the 1934 Act and all applicable state laws and shall be exempt from the trading restrictions set forth in the Policy. The initiation
of, and any modification to, any such Trading Plan will be deemed to be a transaction in the Company s securities and such initiation
or modification is subject to all limitations and prohibitions of transactions involving the Company s securities. Each such Trading
Plan, and any modification thereof, shall be submitted to and pre-approved by the Compliance Officer, or such other person as the Company s
Board of Directors may designate from time to time (the Authorizing Officer ), who may impose such conditions
on the implementation and operation of the Trading Plan as the Authorizing Officer deems necessary or advisable. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Authorizing Officer may prescribe certain forms of Trading Plans to which each Trading Plan must conform.
The Authorizing Officer may also require that Trading Plans be arranged with a specified broker. However, compliance of the Trading Plan
to the terms of Rule 10b5-1 and the execution of transactions pursuant to the Trading Plan are the sole responsibility of the person initiating
the Trading Plan, not the Company or the Authorizing Officer. 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy Page 10 

Rule 10b5-1 presents an opportunity
for insiders to establish arrangements to sell (or purchase) the Company s Stock without the restrictions of windows and blackout
periods even when there is undisclosed material information (subject to the cooling-off period described below). A Trading Plan might
also help reduce negative publicity that may result when key executives sell the Company s Stock. Rule 10b5-1 only provides an affirmative
defense in the event there is an insider-trading lawsuit. It does not prevent someone from bringing a lawsuit. 

A director, officer and employee
may enter into a Trading Plan that outlines a pre-set plan for trading of the Company s Stock, including the exercise of stock options
only when he or she is not in possession of material, non-public information, and only during an open trading window period outside of
the Black-Out Period and cooling-off period described below. Although transactions effected under a Trading Plan will not require further
pre-clearance at the time of the trade, any transaction (including the quantity and price) made pursuant to a Trading Plan of a Section
16 reporting person must be reported to the Company promptly on the day of each trade to permit the Company s Section 16 filing
coordinator to assist in the preparation and filing of a required Form 4. Form 4 and Form 5 filers must also indicate by checkbox if a
reported transaction was made under a plan that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c)
and the date of the adoption of such plan. 

From time to time, for legal
or other reasons, the Authorizing Officer may direct that purchases and sales pursuant to any Trading Plan be suspended or discontinued.
Failure to discontinue purchases and sales as directed shall constitute a violation of the terms of this Section V and result in
a loss of the exemption set forth herein. 

Prohibition Against Multiple,
Overlapping Plans 

A director, officer or employee
may only enter into one Trading Plan at a time. 

Director and Officer Representations 

Directors and officers must
include a representation in their Trading Plan certifying, at the time of the adoption of a new or modified Trading Plan, that: (1) they
are not aware of material nonpublic information about the Company or its securities; and (2) they are adopting the plan in good faith
and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b-5. 

Cooling-Off Period 

Trades pursuant to a Trading
Plan made by an executive officer or director may occur at any time, subject to the following waiting period, whichever is later, (i)
a 90 day waiting period after the adoption or material modification of the Trading Plan during which time no transactions under the Trading
Plan can be made; or (ii) two business days following the Company s disclosure of financial results in in a Form 10-Q, Form 10-K,
or Form 8-K for the fiscal quarter during which the plan was adopted or materially modified (in any event, subject to a maximum cooling-off
period of 120 days following a plan adoption or modification) before any trading can commence under the adopted or modified Trading Plan. 

Trades pursuant to a Trading
Plan made by employees that are non-executive officers may occur at any time, subject to a 30 day waiting period after the adoption or
material modification of the Trading Plan, during which time no transactions under the Trading Plan can be made. 

Trading Plan modifications
that do not change the sales or purchase prices or price ranges, the amount of securities to be sold or purchased, or the timing of transactions
under a Trading Plan (such as an adjustment for stock splits or a change in account information) will not trigger a new cooling-off period. 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy Page 11 

Please review the following description of
how a Trading Plan works. 

Pursuant to Rule 10b5-1, an
individual s purchase or sale of securities will not be on the basis of material non-public information if: 

First, before becoming aware of the information, the individual enters into a binding contract to purchase
or sell the securities, provides instructions to another person to sell the securities or adopts a written plan for trading the securities
in good faith (i.e., the Trading Plan). 

Second, the Trading Plan must either: 

specify the amount of securities to be purchased or sold, the price at which the securities are to be
purchased or sold and the date on which the securities are to be purchased or sold; 

include a written formula or computer program for determining the amount, price and date of the transactions;
or 

prohibit the individual from exercising any subsequent influence over the purchase or sale of the Company s
Stock under the Trading Plan in question. 

Third, the purchase or sale must occur pursuant to the Trading Plan and the individual must not enter
into a corresponding hedging transaction or alter or deviate from the Trading Plan. 

B. Revocation/Amendments
to Trading Plans. 

Revocation of Trading Plans
(which includes terminations of Trading Plans) should occur only in unusual circumstances, and the effectiveness of any revocation of
a Trading Plan will be subject to the prior review and approval of the Authorizing Officer. If an individual revokes a Trading Plan, then
the individual may not enter into a new Trading Plan until thirty (30) days after termination of the Trading Plan or such longer period
as the Authorizing Officer may determine in his or her discretion. Such new Trading Plan can be executed only when the individual is not
in possession of material non-public information, and during a trading window period outside of a Black-Out Period. In addition, transactions
pursuant to such new Trading Plan will be subject to the respective cooling-off period. 

Each Trading Plan must contain
provisions allowing the Company to revoke or suspend a Trading Plan. Circumstances under which Trading Plans may be revoked or suspended
include the announcement of a merger or the occurrence of an event that would cause the transaction either to violate applicable law or
to have an adverse effect on the Company. The Authorizing Officer or administrator of the Company s stock plans is authorized to
notify the applicable broker in such circumstances. 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy Page 12 

Amendments to Trading Plans,
which for these purposes would include any modifications to or voluntary suspensions of Trading Plans, should be made in only very limited
circumstances and should be avoided if possible. Any amendment to a Trading Plan will be subject to the prior review and approval of the
Authorizing Officer. Any amendment to a Trading Plan can be effected only when the individual is not in possession of material non-public
information, and during a trading window period outside of a Black-Out Period. In addition, transactions pursuant to such amended Trading
Plan will be subject to the respective cooling-off period (or such longer period as the Authorizing Officer may determine in his or her
discretion) during which time no transactions under the amended Trading Plan can be made. 

C. Discretionary
Plans. 

Discretionary Trading Plans,
where the discretion or control over trading is transferred to a broker, are permitted if (i) pre-approved by the Authorizing Officer,
(ii) the officer, director, or employee may not exercise influence over the broker s trading decisions and (iii) the broker may
not be in possession of any Company material non-public information. 

The Authorizing Officer of
the Company must pre-approve any Trading Plan, arrangement or trading instructions, etc., involving potential sales or purchases of the
Company s Stock or stock option exercises, including but not limited to, blind trusts, or limit orders. The actual transactions
effected pursuant to a pre-approved Trading Plan will not be subject to further pre-clearance for transactions in the Company s
Stock once the Trading Plan or other arrangement has been pre-approved. 

D. Reporting
(if required). 

SEC Form 144 Form
144 will be filled out and filed by the individual/brokerage firm in accordance with the existing rules regarding Form
144 filings. A footnote at the bottom of the Form 144 should indicate that the trades are in accordance with a Trading Plan that
complies with Rule 10b5-1 and expires ______. For Section 16 reporting persons, Form 4s should be filed before the end of the second
(2 nd business day following the date that the broker, dealer or plan administrator informs the individual that a transaction
was executed, provided that the date of such notification is not later than the third (3 rd business day following the trade
date. A similar footnote should be placed at the bottom of the Form 4 as outlined above. 

E. Stock
Options. 

Cash exercise of stock options
currently can be executed at any time. Same day sales exercises of stock options are subject to trading windows. However, the Company
will permit same day sales under Trading Plans. Once a broker determines that the time is right to exercise the stock option and dispose
of the shares in accordance with the Trading Plan, the broker will notify the Company in writing and the administrator of the Company s
stock plans will process the transaction. The insider should not be involved with this type of same day sale exercise. 

F. Trades
Outside of a Trading Plan. 

During an open window, trades
which differ from Trading Plan instructions that are already in place are allowed as long as the Trading Plan continues to be followed. 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy Page 13 

The Trading Plans do not
exempt the Section 16 reporting person from the Section 16 six (6) month short-swing profit rules or liability. 

G. Disclosures. 

The Company will make quarterly
disclosures regarding the adoption, material modification and termination of Trading Plans and certain other written trading arrangements
by the Company s directors and officers for the trading of its securities, including the material terms (other than the pricing
terms) of such arrangements. The Company will also make an annual disclosure in its annual reports or in the annual meeting proxy statement
whether it has adopted insider trading policies and procedures and include such policies in its Form 10-K. The Company will also provide
certain tabular and narrative disclosures regarding awards of options close in time to the release of material nonpublic information and
related policies and procedures. The Company may also make public announcements or respond to inquiries from the media as transactions
are made under a Trading Plan. 

H. Pledging
the Company s Stock to Secure Margin of Other Loans. 

The Company does not permit
officers or directors to pledge the Company s Stock or securities as collateral to secure loans. Such pledges also cannot be carried
out through a Trading Plan. The Trading Plan must be consistent with Section IV E above. 

I. Put
and Call Options and other Hedging Transactions. 

Put and call options and other
hedging transactions will not be permitted under a Trading Plan. In fact, such transactions outside of a Trading Plan may destroy the
protection afforded by a Trading Plan. The Trading Plan must be consistent with Section IV E above. 

J. Policy
Takes Precedence. 

In the event of any conflict
between this Policy and any Trading Plan, this Policy shall control, to the extent the Trading Plan would permit activities otherwise
prohibited by this Policy. 

VI. EXECUTION AND RETURN OF CERTIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE. 

After reading this policy
statement all officers, directors, employees and Subject Contractors should execute and return to a Compliance Officer the applicable
Certification of Compliance form attached hereto as Attachment D , Attachment
E or Attachment F . 

Adopted: June 20, 2023 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy Page 14 

Attachment
A 

SHORT-SWING PROFIT RULE SECTION 16(b) CHECKLIST 

Note: ANY combination of PURCHASE
AND SALE or SALE AND PURCHASE within six (6) months of each other results in a violation of Section 16(b), and the profit 
must be recovered by the Company. It makes no difference how long the shares being sold have been held or that you are an insider for
only one of the two matching transactions. The highest priced sale will be matched with the lowest priced purchase within the six (6)
month period. 

SALES 

If a sale is to be made by
an officer, director or 10 stockholder (or any family member living in the same household): 

1. Have there been any purchases by the insider (or family members living in the same household) within the
past six (6) months? 

2. Have there been any stock option exercises within the past six (6) months? 

3. Are any purchases (or stock option exercises) anticipated or required within the next six (6) months? 

4. Has a Form 4 been prepared? 

Note: If a sale is to be made
by an affiliate of the Company and unregistered stock is to be sold, has a Form 144 been prepared and has the broker been reminded to
sell pursuant to Rule 144? 

PURCHASES AND STOCK OPTION EXERCISES 

If a purchase or stock option exercise for stock
is to be made: 

1. Have there been any sales by the insider (or family members living in the same household) within the past
six (6) months? 

2. Are any sales anticipated or required within the next six (6) months (such as tax- related or year-end
transactions)? 

3. Has a Form 4 been prepared? 

BEFORE PROCEEDING WITH A PURCHASE OR SALE, CONSIDER
WHETHER YOU ARE AWARE OF MATERIAL, NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION WHICH COULD AFFECT THE PRICE OF THE STOCK. 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy Page 15 

Attachment
B 

INSIDER TRADING REMINDERS 

Before engaging in any transaction
in the Company s securities, please read the following: 

Both the federal securities
laws and the Company s policy prohibit transactions in the Company s securities at a time when you may be in possession of
material information about the Company which has not been publicly disclosed. This also applies to members of your household as well as
all others whose transactions may be attributable to you. 

Material information, in short,
is any information which could affect the price of the securities. Either positive or negative information may be material. Once a public
announcement has been made, you should wait until the information has been made available to the public for at least twenty-four (24)
hours before engaging in any transaction. 

Except as set forth in Section
II.D. of our Insider Trading Compliance Policy and except for transactions effected under an approved Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan as
described in Section V of our Insider Trading Compliance Policy, neither the Company nor any of its officers, directors, employees
or Subject Contractors may trade in any securities of the Company during the period beginning on the last trading day of the fiscal quarter
and ending two (2) full trading days after the public release of earnings data or quarterly/annual report whether or not the Company or
any of its officers, directors, employees or Subject Contractors is in possession of material, non-public information, unless authorized
by the Compliance Officer. 

Important: All transactions
by officers, directors, employees and Subject Contractors must be pre-cleared with the Compliance Officer, except as specifically noted
in Section IV.D. of our Insider Trading Compliance Policy. 

For further information and
guidance, please refer to our Insider Trading Compliance Policy and do not hesitate to contact the Compliance Officer. 

ALL TRANSACTIONS IN NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES
CORPORATION SECURITIES BY OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND SUBJECT CONTRACTORS MUST BE PRE- CLEARED BY THE COMPLIANCE OFFICER. 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy Page 16 

Attachment
C 

Request for Pre-Clearance 

 For pre-clearance to transact in Company Securities. 

Upon executing a transaction, directors, officers
and employees must immediately notify the Company. 

Transaction Vehicle (check one) 
 
 Transaction Initiated By (check one) 

Open Market Transaction 
 
 Employee or immediate family member directly 

Equity Compensation Plan 
 
 Court or government decree (e.g., divorce decree) 

Other (specify): 
 
 Broker (provide name, firm, telephone and e-mail): 

Type of Transaction (check one) 

Purchase or acquire common stock 

Sell or dispose of common stock 

Move Company Securities from one account to another (e.g., in or out of a trust) 

Dispose of fractional shares 

Pledge Company Securities for margin account, or otherwise 

Exercise options without subsequent sale 

Exercise options with subsequent sale (e.g., a cashless exercise 

Other (describe): 

Transaction Detail (provide the following information) 

Number of securities:____________________________________ 

Estimated share price:____________________________________ 

Contemplated execution date:______________________________ 

Date of your last opposite way 
transaction :________________ 

Certification 

I certify that I have fully disclosed the information
requested in this form, I have read the NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Policy, I am not in possession of material
nonpublic information, and to the best of my knowledge and belief the proposed transaction will not violate the NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy. 

Signature: 

Print Name: 

Date: 

Capitalized terms used but not defined herein
have the meanings ascribed to them in the NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy. 

If a Section 16 insider buys and sells (or
sells and buys) Company Securities within a six-month time frame and such transactions are not exempt under SEC rules, the two transactions
can be matched for purposes of Section 16. The insider may be sued and will be strictly liable for any profits made, regardless
of whether the insider was in possession of material nonpublic information . 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy Page 17 

Attachment
D 

 Outside Directors 

CERTIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE 

TO: 
 Compliance Officer 

FROM: _____________________________ 

RE: 
 INSIDER TRADING COMPLIANCE POLICY OF NEUROONE
MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

I have received, reviewed
and understand the above-referenced Insider Trading Compliance Policy and hereby undertake, as a condition to my present and continued
affiliation with NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation, to comply fully with the policies and procedures contained therein. 

I hereby certify that to the
best of my knowledge I have complied, and I will henceforth comply fully with all policies and procedures set forth in the above-referenced
Insider Trading Compliance Policy. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 DATE 

TITLE 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy Page 18 

Attachment
E 

 Officers, Management Directors Employees 

CERTIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE 

TO: 
 Compliance Officer 

FROM: ___________________________________ 

RE: 
 INSIDER TRADING COMPLIANCE POLICY OF NEUROONE
MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

I have received, reviewed
and understand the above-referenced Insider Trading Compliance Policy and hereby undertake, as a condition to my present and continued
employment at NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation, to comply fully with the policies and procedures contained therein. 

I hereby certify that to the
best of my knowledge I have complied, and I will henceforth comply fully with all policies and procedures set forth in the above-referenced
Insider Trading Compliance Policy. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 DATE 

TITLE 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Insider Trading Compliance Policy Page 19 

Attachment
F 

 Consultants, Contractors 

CERTIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE 

TO: 
 Compliance Officer 

FROM:__________________________ 

RE: 
 INSIDER TRADING COMPLIANCE POLICY OF NEUROONE
MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

The above named consultant
or contractor to NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation has received, reviewed and understands the above-referenced Insider Trading
Compliance Policy and hereby undertakes, as a condition to his, her or its present and continued consulting or other contractual relationship
with NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation, to comply fully with the policies and procedures contained therein. 

The above named consultant
or contractor hereby certifies that to the best of his, her or its knowledge such consultant or contractor has complied and will henceforth
comply fully with all policies and procedures set forth in the above-referenced Insider Trading Compliance Policy. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 DATE 

NAME 

TITLE 

NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation 

Insider Trading Compliance Policy 
 Page 20 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ea022451401ex21-1_neuroone.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

None. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ea022451401ex23-1_neuroone.htm
 CONSENT OF BAKER TILLY US, LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements on Form S-1 (File No. 333-232656, 333-244487, 333-252951), Form S-3 (File No. 333-279871, 333-281881) and Form S-8 (File No.
333-224572, 333-261302, 333-262397, 333-269910, 333-276079, 333-276782) of NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation of our report dated
December 17, 2024, relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024 and includes
an explanatory paragraph relating to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern as described in Note 2 to the financial
statements, appearing herein. 

/s/ BAKER TILLY US, LLP 

Minneapolis, Minnesota 

December 17, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ea022451401ex31-1_neuroone.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
David Rosa, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024 (the report of NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 17, 2024 
 /s/
 David Rosa 

Name: 
 David
 Rosa 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ea022451401ex31-2_neuroone.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Ronald McClurg, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024 (the report of NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 17, 2024 
 /s/
 Ronald McClurg 

Name: 
 Ronald
 McClurg 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ea022451401ex32-1_neuroone.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant
to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, David Rosa, Chief Executive Officer of NeuroOne Medical
Technologies Corporation (the Company hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 

1. The
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024 (the Report to which this Certification
is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the
period covered by the Report and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report. 

/s/ David Rosa 

David Rosa 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated:
December 17, 2024 

This
certification accompanies the report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not
to be incorporated by reference into any filing of NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the Exchange Act made before or after the date of the report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such
filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ea022451401ex32-2_neuroone.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER, 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant
to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, Ronald McClurg, Chief Financial Officer of NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation (the Company hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 

1. The
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024 (the Report to which this Certification
is attached as Exhibit 32.2 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the
period covered by the Report and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report. 

/s/ Ronald McClurg 

Ronald McClurg 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Dated:
December 17, 2024 

This
certification accompanies the report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not
to be incorporated by reference into any filing of NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the Exchange Act made before or after the date of the report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such
filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 10
 ea022451401ex97-1_neuroone.htm
 NEUROONE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION POLICY FOR THE RECOVERY OF ERRONEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSATION

Exhibit 97.1 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

 Policy
for the Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation 

Adopted
and approved on November 9, 2023 and Effective as of November 9, 2023 

1. Purpose.
 The Board of Directors (the Board of NeuroOne Medical Technologies
Corporation , a Delaware corporation (the Company believes that it is in the best interests of the
Company and its stockholders to adopt this Policy for the Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation, as may be amended from time to
time (this Policy ). This Policy requires the recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation by the Company from
Covered Executive Officers in accordance with the terms herein. Promptly, but in no event later than 30 days, following the later of the
Effective Date or becoming a Covered Executive Officer, each Covered Executive Officer shall sign and return to the Company the Acknowledgement
Form attached hereto as Exhibit A pursuant to which such Covered Executive Officer
shall agree to be bound by the terms of and comply with this Policy. All capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall
have the meanings set forth in Section 3 hereof. 

2. Administration.
 This Policy shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee or, if so designated by the Board, the Board or another committee thereof (the Administrator ). The Administrator
is authorized to interpret and enforce this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate or advisable for the administration
of this Policy. Any determinations made by the Administrator shall be final and binding on all affected persons and need not be uniform
with respect to each person covered by this Policy. This Policy is designed to comply with, and shall be interpreted by the Administrator
in a manner consistent with, Section 10D Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange
Act ), Rule 10D-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act Rule 10D-1 and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5608
(the Listing Standards ), each as may be amended from time to time. In the administration of this Policy, the
Administrator is authorized to consult with the full Board or other committees of the Board, as well as retain any counsel, advisors and
consultants. 

3. Definitions.
 For purposes of this Policy, the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings set forth below. 

(a) Accounting
Restatement means an accounting restatement of the Company s financial statements due to the material noncompliance
of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct
an error in previously issued financial statements (i) that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or (ii) that is
not material to the previously issued financial statements but that would have resulted in a material misstatement if the error were corrected
in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 

(b) Clawback
Eligible Incentive Compensation means all Incentive-Based Compensation Received by a Covered Executive Officer (i) on or
after October 2, 2023, (ii) if that person served as an executive officer of the Company at any time during the performance period for
such Incentive-Based Compensation (whether or not such executive officer is serving as an executive officer or employee of the Company
at the time the Erroneously Awarded Compensation is required to be recovered by the Company), and (iii) while the Company had a class
of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association. 

(c) Clawback
Period means with respect to any Accounting Restatement, (i) the three completed fiscal years of the Company immediately
preceding the Restatement Date and (ii) any transition period that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year of less than
nine months within or immediately following such three completed fiscal years, provided that a transition period that comprises a period
of at least nine months shall count as a completed fiscal year. 

(d) Code 
 means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and guidance issued thereunder. 

(e) Covered
Executive Officer means the Company s current and former executive officers, as determined by the Board or an applicable
committee in accordance with the definition of executive officer set forth in Rule 10D-1 and the Listing Standards. Unless
determined otherwise by the Board or the Administrator, Covered Executive Officers for this Policy shall be any person designated by the
Board as an officer under Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act. 

(f) Effective
Date means November 9 , 2023. 

(g) Erroneously
Awarded Compensation means with respect to each Covered Executive Officer and in connection with an Accounting Restatement,
the amount of Clawback Eligible Incentive Compensation Received by the Covered Executive Officer during the Clawback Period that exceeds
the amount of Clawback Eligible Incentive-Based Compensation that otherwise would have been Received by the Covered Executive Officer
during the Clawback Period had it been determined based on the restated amounts, computed without regard to any taxes paid or payable
by the Covered Executive Officer. 

(h) Financial
Reporting Measures means measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in
preparing the Company s financial statements, and any other measures that are derived wholly or in part from such measures. Financial
Reporting Measures include GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and include but are not limited to the following (and any measures derived
wholly or in part therefrom): Company stock price; total shareholder return; revenues; net or operating income; profitability of one or
more reportable segments; financial ratios; net assets or net asset value per share; EBITDA; funds from operations; liquidity measures;
return measures; earnings measures; sales per square foot or same store sales; revenue per user, or average revenue per user; and any
adjusted measure of any of the foregoing measures. For the avoidance of doubt, a Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented in
the Company s financial statements or included in a Company filing with the SEC. 

(i) Group
Companies means any of the Company s direct and indirect Subsidiaries and affiliates. 

2 

(j) Incentive-Based
Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a
Financial Reporting Measure. 

(k) Nasdaq 
means The Nasdaq Stock Market or any other national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed
as of the applicable date. 

(l) Received 
 means with respect to any Incentive-Based Compensation, actual or deemed receipt. Incentive-Based Compensation shall be deemed
to be Received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive-Based Compensation
award is attained, even if payment or grant of the earned Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of the performance period.
For the avoidance of doubt, Incentive-Based Compensation that is subject to both a Financial Reporting Measure vesting condition and a
service-based vesting condition shall be considered Received when the relevant Financial Reporting Measure is attained, even if the Incentive-Based
Compensation continues to be subject to the service-based vesting condition. 

(m) Restatement
Date means the earlier to occur of (i) the date that the Board, a committee thereof or any of the Company s officers
authorized to take such action if Board action is not required concluded, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required
to prepare an Accounting Restatement; or (ii) the date that a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to
prepare an Accounting Restatement, in each case regardless of when the restated financial statements are filed. 

(n) SEC 
 means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

(o) Section
409A means Section 409A of the Code. 

4. Recovery
of Erroneously Awarded Compensation. 

(a) In
the event of an Accounting Restatement, the Administrator shall reasonably promptly recover any Erroneously Awarded Compensation and in
a manner set forth in this Section 4. In connection therewith, the Administrator shall reasonably promptly (A) determine the amount of
any Erroneously Awarded Compensation for each Covered Executive Officer in connection with such Accounting Restatement and (B) thereafter
provide each Covered Executive Officer with a written notice containing the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation, the applicable
methodology and calculation of such amount, and the method of recovery, as applicable. Prior to sending any such formal demand for recovery
as determined pursuant to this Policy, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion depending on the specific facts and circumstances,
provide a Covered Executive Officer with an initial written notice containing the foregoing information, and may provide the Covered Executive
Officer with the opportunity to be heard at a meeting or otherwise respond in writing to such information. 

(i) Recovery
under this Policy with respect to a Covered Executive Officer shall not require the finding of any misconduct by such Covered Executive
Officer or such Covered Executive Officer being found responsible for the accounting error leading to an Accounting Restatement. 

3 

(ii) For
Incentive-Based Compensation based on (or derived from) stock price or total shareholder return (or a similar Financial Reporting Measure)
where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in the
applicable Accounting Restatement, the amount shall be determined by the Administrator based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of
the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder return (or such similar Financial Reporting Measure) upon which the
Incentive-Based Compensation was Received; provided that the Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of such reasonable
estimate and provide such documentation to Nasdaq. 

(iii) Where
Incentive-Based Compensation is based only in part on the achievement of a Financial Reporting Measure, the Administrator shall first
determine the portion of the original Incentive-Based Compensation that was based on the Financial Reporting Measure that was restated
in the Accounting Restatement. The Administrator shall then recalculate the affected portion based on the Financial Reporting Measure
as restated, and recover the Erroneously Awarded Compensation. 

(iv) To
determine Erroneously Awarded Compensation for cash incentive awards determined for a pool of participants, the size of the aggregate
pool from which individual awards were paid shall be reduced by applying the Financial Reporting Measure that was restated in the Accounting
Restatement, and the individual awards shall be reduced on a pro rata basis (with recovery required from the Covered Executive Officers
only). 

(v) With
respect to any compensation plans or programs that take into account Incentive-Based Compensation, the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation
subject to recovery hereunder includes, but is not limited to, the amount contributed to any notional account based on Erroneously Awarded
Compensation and any earnings accrued to date on that notional amount. 

(b) The
Administrator shall have broad discretion to determine the appropriate timing and means of recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation
based on the particular facts and circumstances, subject to applicable law, including but not limited to (i) requiring reimbursement of
all or part of any paid cash award, (ii) seeking recovery or forfeiture of any gain realized on the vesting, exercise, settlement, sale,
transfer or other disposition of any equity-based awards, (iii) cancelling or reducing any outstanding cash or equity-based awards, whether
vested or unvested, (iv) cancelling or offsetting against any planned future cash or equity-based awards, (v) forfeiture of deferred compensation,
(vi) offsetting any compensation amount otherwise payable by the Company (or the Group Companies) to the Covered Executive Officer in
the future, and (vii) any other method authorized by applicable law or contract as determined by the Administrator. Any method elected
by the Administrator shall comply with Section 409A or as required by applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, except as set forth
in Section 4(d) hereof, in no event may the Company accept an amount that is less than the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation
in satisfaction of a Covered Executive Officer s obligations hereunder. 

4 

(c) To
the extent that a Covered Executive Officer fails to repay all Erroneously Awarded Compensation to the Company when due (as determined
in accordance with Section 4(b) hereof), the Company shall take all reasonable and appropriate actions to recover such Erroneously Awarded
Compensation from the applicable Covered Executive Officer. The applicable Covered Executive Officer shall be required to reimburse the
Company for any and all expenses reasonably incurred (including legal fees) by the Company in recovering such Erroneously Awarded Compensation
in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence. 

(d) Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation, including taking the actions
contemplated by this Section 4, if the Compensation Committee (or, if the Compensation Committee is not composed solely of independent
directors under the Listing Standards, a majority of independent directors serving on the Board) determines that recovery would be impracticable
solely for one of the following limited reasons and subject to the procedural and disclosure requirements below and in the applicable
rules: 

(i) The
direct expenses paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy against a Covered Executive Officer would exceed the amount of
Erroneously Awarded Compensation, after the Company has made a reasonable attempt to recover the applicable Erroneously Awarded Compensation,
documented such attempt and provided such documentation to Nasdaq; or 

(ii) Recovery
would likely cause a tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company (or the Group
Companies), to fail to meet the requirements of Section 401(a)(13) or Section 411(a) of the Code. 

5. Reporting
and Disclosure . The Company shall file all disclosures with respect to this Policy in accordance with federal securities laws,
including the disclosure required in any applicable SEC filings. 

6. Indemnification
and Insurance Prohibition. The Company (or the Group Companies) shall not insure (or reimburse for the purchase of insurance)
or indemnify any Covered Executive Officer against (i) the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is repaid, returned, recovered,
cancelled or forfeited pursuant to the terms of this Policy, or (ii) any claims relating to the Company s enforcement of its rights
under this Policy. Further, the Company (or the Group Companies) shall not enter into any agreement that exempts any Incentive-Based Compensation
from the application of this Policy or that waives the Company s right to recovery of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation, and
this Policy shall supersede any such agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the Effective Date). 

7. Effective
Date. This Policy shall be effective as of the Effective Date. Subject to applicable law, the Administrator may affect recovery
under this Policy from any amount of compensation approved, awarded, granted, payable or paid to the Covered Executive prior to, on or
after the Effective Date. 

8. Amendment;
Termination. The Board or Administrator may amend this Policy from time to time in its discretion and shall amend this Policy
as it deems necessary, including as and when it determines that it is legally required by any federal securities laws or Nasdaq rules
or to comply with (or maintain an exemption from the application of) Section 409A. The Board or Administrator may terminate this Policy
at any time. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 8 to the contrary, no amendment or termination of this Policy shall be effective
if such amendment or termination would (after taking into account any actions taken by the Company contemporaneously with such amendment
or termination) cause the Company to violate any federal securities laws, SEC rule or Nasdaq rule. 

5 

9. Other
Recoupment Rights; No Additional Payments. Any employment agreement, cash or equity-based award agreement, compensatory plan
or any other agreement or arrangement with a Covered Executive Officer shall be deemed to include, as a condition to the grant of any
benefit thereunder, an agreement by the Covered Executive Officer to abide by the terms of this Policy. Any right of recoupment under
this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company (or
the Group Companies), including under applicable law, regulation or rule or pursuant to the terms of any employment or severance agreement,
cash or equity-based award agreement, plan or policy, or similar agreement, plan or policy with the Company (or the Group Companies).
To the extent that the Covered Executive Officer has already reimbursed the Company (or the Group Companies) for any Erroneously Awarded
Compensation Received under any duplicative recovery obligations established by the Company (or the Group Companies) and subject to applicable
law, such reimbursed amount shall be credited to the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation that is subject to recovery under this
Policy. 

10. Severability. 
The provisions in this Policy are intended to be applied to the fullest extent of the law. To the extent that any provision of this Policy
is found to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such provision shall be applied to the maximum extent permitted, and
shall automatically be deemed amended in a manner consistent with its objectives to the extent necessary to conform to any limitations
required under applicable law. 

11. Successors. 
This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executive Officers and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators
or other legal representatives. 

6 

Exhibit
A 

NeuroOne
Medical Technologies Corporation 

 Policy
for the Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation 

 Covered
Executive Officer Acknowledgement Form 

By signing below, the undersigned
acknowledges and confirms that the undersigned has received and reviewed a copy of the NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation Policy
for the Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation (as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time,
the Policy ). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Acknowledgement Form (the Acknowledgement
Form shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Policy. 

By signing this Acknowledgement
Form, the undersigned acknowledges and agrees that the undersigned is and will continue to be subject to the Policy and that the Policy
will apply both during and after the undersigned s employment with the Company (or the Group Companies). In the event of any inconsistency
between the Policy and the terms of any employment or separation agreement to which I am a party, or the terms of any compensation or
severance plan, program or agreement under which any compensation has been granted, awarded, earned or paid, the terms of the Policy shall
govern. In the event it is determined by the Administrator that the Erroneously Awarded Compensation must be returned, forfeited or reimbursed
to the Company, I will promptly take any action necessary to effectuate such recovery in any manner permitted by the Policy and determined
by the Administrator. 

[ Name/Title ] 

[ Date ] 

7 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 nmtc-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 nmtc-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 nmtc-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 nmtc-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 nmtc-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

