<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241213_10-K_edgar_data_924383_0000950170-24-136163.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15941631</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>291446</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2741402</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5865477</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2522371</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4067471</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-24-136163.hdr.sgml : 20241213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241213153612
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-24-136163
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Genasys Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000924383
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOUSEHOLD AUDIO & VIDEO EQUIPMENT [3651]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				870361799
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24248
		FILM NUMBER:		241548145

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16262 WEST BERNARDO DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92127
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-676-1112

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16262 WEST BERNARDO DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92127

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LRAD Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100326

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN TECHNOLOGY CORP /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940602

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-24-136163.txt : 20241213

10-K
 1
 gnss-20240930.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by a check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark, whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestations to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by nonaffiliates of the registrant as of March 29, 2024 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was million based upon the closing price of the shares on the NASDAQ Capital Market on that date. This calculation does not reflect a determination that such persons are affiliates for any other purpose. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 shares of common stock, par value 0.00001 per share, as of December 4, 2024. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 

ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 

ITEM 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 26 

ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 26 

ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 27 

ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 

ITEM 6. 
 Reserved 
 28 

ITEM 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 

ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 

ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 41 

ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 41 

ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 42 

ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 42 

ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 42 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 43 

ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 43 

ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 43 

ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 43 

ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 43 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 44 

Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- i 

Signatures 

PART I 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements relating to future events or the future performance of our company. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the only means of identifying forward-looking statements. Such statements are predictions; actual events or results may differ materially. In evaluating such statements, you should specifically consider various factors identified in this report, including the matters set forth below in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. 
 For purposes of this Annual Report, the terms we, us, our Genasys and the Company refer to Genasys Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Item 1. Busin ess. 
 Overview 
 We are a global provider of Protective Communications solutions, including our Genasys Protect software platform and Long Range Acoustic Device LRAD products. Our unified software platform receives information from a wide variety of sensors and Internet-of-Things IoT inputs to collect real-time information on developing and active emergency situations. Genasys uses this information to create and disseminate alerts, warnings, notifications, and instructions through multiple channels before, during, and after public safety and enterprise threats, critical events, and other crisis situations. 
 Genasys Protect is a comprehensive portfolio of Protective Communications software and hardware systems serving federal governments and agencies; state and local governmental agencies, and education SLED and enterprise organizations in sectors including but not limited to oil and gas, utilities, manufacturing, automotive, and healthcare. Genasys Protect solutions have a diverse range of applications, including emergency warning and mass notification for public safety; critical event management for enterprise companies; de-escalation for defense and law enforcement; critical infrastructure protection; zone-based planning for accelerated, precise emergency response; secure and compliant cross-agency collaboration; and automated detection of real-time threats such as active shooters and severe weather. 
 LRAD products broadcast audible voice messages with exceptional vocal clarity from close range out to 5,500 meters. We have a history of successfully delivering innovative products, systems, and solutions for mission critical situations, pioneering the acoustic hailing device AHD market with the introduction of our first LRAD AHD in 2002 and creating the first multi-directional, voice-based public safety mass notification systems in 2012. Building on our proven, best in class, and reliable solutions, we offer the first and only unified, end-to-end Protective Communications platform. 
 Background 
 Genasys entered the Protective Communications market following the October 2000 attack on the USS Cole, which led to the development of LRAD AHD products capable of communicating to and determining the intent of potential threats from a safe distance. Genasys LRAD products broadcast audible alert tones and exceptionally intelligible voice messages in a focused 30 beam over long distances to specific targets. LRADs were quickly embraced by the U.S. Navy and then other domestic military branches, federal agencies, and police departments, and then throughout the world. By using long-range communication to better manage the escalation of force, LRAD products provide a non-kinetic, non-lethal solution for resolving potentially dangerous or hostile situations. 
 With a device capable of broadcasting audible alerts and notifications with exceptional vocal clarity over long distances, Genasys engineers enhanced the Company's Protective Communications technology to innovate a new generation of mass notification speaker systems. Most legacy outdoor mass notification systems are sirens, but have limited, if any, voice broadcast capability. Genasys advanced mass notification systems feature the industry's highest Speech Transmission Index STI ), large directional and omni-directional broadcast coverage areas, and an array of options that are designed to enable the systems to continue operating when power and telecommunications infrastructure goes down. 
 Company engineers subsequently developed command-and-control software to enhance Genasys mass notification speakers with new technology options and remote functionality. In addition to remotely activating and controlling Genasys advanced speaker systems, which also feature satellite connectivity, battery backup, and solar power options, Genasys command-and-control software facilitates the dissemination of alerts, warnings, notifications, information and instructions through multiple channels, including location-based Short Message Service SMS ), Cell Broadcast Center CBC mobile push, text, email, social media, TV, radio, and digital displays. 
 1 

These systems are used by government emergency services, schools, universities, and businesses to send emergency information and instructions to people at risk before, during, and after public safety and enterprise threats. 
 Today, the fastest, most direct way to share vital information is often through cell phones and computers. In response to a world where communication methods are becoming increasingly digital and mobile, Genasys expanded its platform to include multiple software-as-a-service SaaS solutions. These solutions include zone-based evacuation resources, integrated mass notification networks powered by Genasys command-and-control software, a mobile-ready, secure collaboration platform (via the acquisition of Evertel Technologies Evertel )), and the Company s National Emergency Warning System NEWS solution that works with mobile carriers to send emergency communications to the public with no opt-in required. These SaaS solutions can disseminate critical alerts and information through text messages, emails, voice calls, push notifications, social media, speaker systems, and other delivery methods. In 2023, Genasys integrated and rebranded these solutions into what is now known as the Genasys Protect platform Genasys Protect ). 
 Genasys hardware systems and software solutions are designed to provide operators with the ability to deliver critical information rapidly and effectively through multiple channels. 
 Principal Genasys Characteristics 
 Scalable: Genasys hardware products and software systems have been deployed throughout the world and can be scaled to meet the needs of government and enterprise customers. 

Dynamic and Real-time : Emergencies are not static, and neither are effective emergency responses. Genasys emergency management products and systems are designed to constantly receive and analyze new information as a crisis unfolds, leveraging sensor data, dynamic maps, and first responder feedback to deliver notifications that reflect the most up-to-date information. Our evacuation software is built to track wildfires and other natural or man-made disasters and to model how a disaster is expected to move and develop in the critical minutes, hours or days that follow. 

Customized and Focused : Genasys can send specific alerts, pertinent information, and instructions to at-risk individuals or populations based on geographic location, group status, and other classifications. 

Multiplatform Redundancy : Alerts can be distributed using text messages, emails, voice calls, push notifications, social media, speaker systems, and other delivery channels, allowing critical communications to reach the greatest number of people possible. 

Reach and Clarity : Alerts and notifications transmitted through Genasys speaker systems have unprecedented reach and clarity. Genasys speakers attained an STI score of 0.95 out of 1.0, considered excellent by the International Electrotechnical Commission. 

Reliable and Resilient : Genasys hardware products are made with military-grade materials and undergo extensive laboratory testing seeking to ensure reliability and durability in most any environment, regardless of the conditions. 

Extensive Catalog : Genasys offers multiple acoustic device and mass notification speaker options of varying ranges, sizes, weights, and colors. Similarly, we offer a variety of software notification suites, each with unique capabilities. This extensive catalog enables us to provide customized solutions designed to meet our clients' specific needs. 

Global Presence : Genasys has physical offices in North America, Europe, and the Middle East. Sales and support teams at each office have cultural familiarity and a deep understanding of business practices in their region. We believe that our regional presence enables Genasys sales and support teams to develop close relationships with customers to best meet their needs while conducting business professionally and efficiently. 

Proven Quality and Support : All Genasys products are rigorously tested to meet our exacting standards. This commitment to providing the highest quality products earned Genasys ISO 9001 and 27001 certifications, universal indications of excellence and consistency. All Genasys products come with a one-year warranty and our customer service team is available 24/7 for personalized technical support. 

Pioneering Philosophy : Genasys created the AHD market with the invention of the LRAD in 2002. LRAD products have since become the de facto standard of the AHD industry. Genasys continues to develop life safety communication solutions by innovating and enhancing the emergency warning and mass notification industry s only unified Protective Communications platform - Genasys Protect. 

Looking Forward: Growth Company 
 Acquisitions : In October 2023, we completed the acquisition of Evertel, a fully Criminal Justice Information Services CJIS compliant, cross agency collaboration software solution designed specifically for emergency managers and first responders. In fiscal 2021, we completed acquisitions of Zonehaven, a software-based evacuation and repopulation management platform, and the assets of Amika Mobile, a physical security information management company. These 

2 

acquisitions, along with the January 2018 addition of Genasys Spain, expanded Genasys strong suite of software solutions. We intend to continue making strategic acquisitions, particularly in the SaaS industry. 

Team Expansion : Along with new businesses, we intend to continue to invest in new engineering, sales, marketing, production, and quality assurance talent to support Genasys expected growth. 

Market Expansion : By acquiring Evertel, Zonehaven, and Amika Mobile, and adding new sales and marketing personnel with connections to previously untapped markets and locations, we expect our critical communications suite to experience significant sales growth. 

Geographical Expansion : In fiscal year 2024, Genasys continued to expand into new regions, including a substantial project to monitor and protect more than 30 dams across the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, coverage across the states of Oregon and New Hampshire, and expansion with local governments across the central and eastern United States. 

Facilities : Genasys research and development offices, located in North America and Europe, feature state-of-the art equipment and facilities that help fuel innovation. Notable features include hardware and software development laboratories, an acoustic testing chamber, and mechanical design and manufacturing facilities. 

Continued Software Development : Increased software development and new acquisitions have expanded Genasys SaaS portfolio. In fiscal year 2025 and beyond, we are focused on expanding and proliferating our unified software and connected-speaker platform. 

Hardware Development: LRAD technological advancements are anticipated to drive product enhancements in fiscal year 2025. 

Software Products 
 The Genasys Protect Platform 
 The Complete Protective Communications Platform 
 The Genasys Protect platform provides a full suite of Protective Communications tools for all hazards, designed to provide targeted emergency communication, data-driven decision making, secure inter-agency collaboration, and more. Genasys Protect help to enable preparedness, responsiveness, and collaboration to keep people, assets, and operations protected against the impacts of natural disasters, terrorism, violent civil unrest, and other dangerous situations, as well as power failures, facility shutdowns, and other non-emergency operational disruptions. 
 1. Proven Technology: Genasys solutions have been on the front lines for more than 40 years, providing targeted communications designed to ensure the right people get the right message - right away. 

2. Modular Suite: Built on open standards, Genasys software and hardware systems are designed to easily integrate, whether using the full Genasys suite or complementing the notification platforms customers already have in place. 

3. Predictive Simulation: Genasys Protect is designed to permit customers to test response plans preemptively with advanced simulation of evacuation-level events, including fires and floods, and their impact on infrastructure, including traffic patterns and perimeter establishment. 

4. Unified Viewpoint: One common safety operating picture provides real-time visibility into our customers people, assets, and environment by combining first-party data from asset / people-management platforms and IoT sensors with third-party data sources, including the Federal Emergency Management Agency FEMA ), National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration NOAA ), Department of Homeland Security DHS ), and more. 

5. Unmatched Precision: Customized zone mapping enables targeting of mass notifications at the street level, making it easier to sequence response areas from most to least critical. 

6. Multichannel: Genasys Protect is designed to allow operators to saturate their notification area by simultaneously alerting people across location-based SMS, CBC mobile push, text, email, social media, TV, radio, digital displays and acoustic devices. 

7. Network Effect: Implementation in neighboring municipalities and across public- and private-sector organizations within the same municipality extends coverage and enables greater precision when notifying people of threats. 

Genasys ALERT 
 Genasys ALERT ALERT is an interactive, cloud-based SaaS solution that is designed to enable SLED and enterprise customers to send critical information to at-risk individuals or groups when an emergency occurs. ALERT acts as both a communications input and output, receiving information from state-of-the-art sensors and emergency services, and quickly relaying notifications, alerts, and instructions to at-risk populations and first responders. ALERT communications to the public can be enhanced 
 3 

via Genasys ACOUSTICS - connected, voice broadcast speakers - while ALERT communications among first responders and emergency personnel can be augmented and accelerated with Genasys CONNECT (formerly Evertel). ALERT clients can create and send critical, verified, and secure notifications and messages that are geographically specific and targeted using location-based SMS, CBC mobile push, text, email, social media, TV, radio, digital displays and acoustic devices, panic buttons, desktop alerts, TV, social media, and more. Additionally, Genasys is a certified provider of Integrated Public Alert and Warning System IPAWS notifications. IPAWS is the federal public notification platform for the United States, which ALERT customers can use to deliver critical communications in multiple languages to specific populations. 
 Similarly, enterprise customers are able to send critical communications to employees, contractors, visitors, or groups based on geographic location or team status. Enterprises often use ALERT to distribute targeted notifications to customers, including billing updates, downtime notices, and more. Operated and controlled via a single dashboard that includes two-way polling, duress buttons, field check-ins and recipient locations, ALERT integrates with various data sources, including sensors, panic buttons, emergency services, active directories, human resources, visitor management, and building control systems to find and deliver safety alerts and notifications to residents, employees, staff, contractors, temporary workers, and visitors. 
 ALERT sends targeted messages based on geographic location, permitting relevant information and instructions to be sent to the appropriate populations. Emergency managers can prepare for natural or man-made disasters by developing evacuation plans that map routes, shelters, traffic control locations, and road closures. This information is easily shared with the public and reduces the time it takes to execute emergency evacuations and conduct orderly repopulations. Auto-Discovery, an innovative feature of the platform, locates and connects with anyone on a wired or wireless network in a fixed area with no opt-in required. When discovered, ALERT anonymizes all recipient information and data. When an emergency occurs, these tools allow at-risk groups or individuals to be notified as quickly as possible without sacrificing their privacy. 
 In addition to disseminating alerts and notifications, ALERT uses two-way communication tools, including polls and check-ins to receive feedback for enterprise clients. With direct feedback, operators can survey the safety and status of at-risk individuals, learn of developments, update notifications and/or instructions in response to new information, and more. 
 ALERT Public Safety Case Study 
 ALERT coverage has expanded into cities and counties in 39 states, including the State of New Hampshire, San Diego County, and the City of Boston to help safeguard millions of residents during severe storms, tornadoes, wildfires, flood, debris flows, tsunamis, active shooter incidents, epidemics, civil unrest, and other disasters and life safety threats. 
 ALERT Enterprise Case Study 
 Two global auto manufacturers and Aramco, the world s largest oil and gas company, rely on ALERT to create, manage, and deliver geo-targeted, multichannel notifications to thousands of employees in North America and the Middle East, respectively. 
 ALERT integrates with active directories, Human Resources, visitor management, and building control systems to empower enterprise customers to protect workers, traveling employees, contractors, and visitors. By adding a powerful and intuitive orchestration and management layer on top of existing physical and digital infrastructure, ALERT extends the clarity, reach and range of Protective Communications. 
 Genasys EVAC 
 Genasys EVAC EVAC - enables responding agencies to react swiftly, make collaborative decisions, and communicate event status in real time to other agencies, businesses, and the public. EVAC determines and communicates the proper scope of a response or evacuation by replacing guesswork with data-driven, zone-based intelligence. EVAC enhances safety levels for first responders, communities, and large campuses by providing: 
 Intelligent zones to improve evacuation planning and communication. EVAC users can build, edit, and act upon geographical location data, including shelters, facilities, and traffic; 

Modeling behaviors to plan for effective responses and/or evacuation scenarios covering emergencies that include wildfires, floods, active shooters, hurricanes, and more; 

Actionable communication through the Genasys Protect mobile app to keep people informed before, during, and after a critical event; 

A common operating picture across agencies to reduce response times as much as 90 ; and 

Targeted notifications and updates to community members through a public website and free mobile app. 

4 

EVAC Public Safety Case Study 
 EVAC continues to proliferate across the western United States, with the vast majority of California, including Los Angeles County, now covered by EVAC. In August 2024, the state of Oregon selected EVAC to provide zone-based planning and response to wildfires and all emergencies. EVAC continues to grow into the eastern United States, with covered areas expanding into Texas, South Carolina, and Tennessee. 
 In fiscal 2024 many counties, including Los Angeles, San Diego, Kern, Humboldt, Santa Cruz, and others used EVAC for multi-agency coordination and to manage and deliver evacuation alerts, warnings, and orders. EVAC was also used to communicate other critical information to the public, including road closures, power outages, storm warnings, and more. 
 Genasys CONNECT 
 Genasys CONNECT CONNECT - formerly Evertel - is a leading cross-agency, CJIS compliant, collaboration platform that streamlines and secures team and one-on-one communications for first responders and public safety agencies. With real-time intelligence sharing that exceeds regulatory privacy requirements for public agencies, CONNECT s instant communication platform empowers first responders and public safety personnel to collaborate and share information in a single space with text, videos, images, and audio from any location. CONNECT provides a secure space where professionals can exchange information, make decisions, and collaborate with trust in data security. Record retention policies drive compliance that allows agencies and personnel to communicate in confidence. 
 Enabling public safety professionals to collaborate with other agencies throughout their region, state, and country, CONNECT provides real-time interoperability to address critical events and crisis situations more quickly through coordinated efforts. Compliant with all federal and state-level legal requirements for public safety communications, CONNECT data is protected and secured through high-level data encryption within a secure, U.S. based, government-only cloud environment. 
 Hardware Products 
 Genasys ACOUSTICS 
 ACOUSTICS unites Genasys next generation of mass notification speaker systems with Genasys Protect command-and-control software. Most legacy mass notification systems are sirens with limited, if any, voice broadcast capability. ACOUSTICS systems feature the industry's highest STI, large directional and omni-directional broadcast coverage areas, and an array of options, including solar power, battery backup, and satellite connectivity that enable the systems to continue to operate when power and telecommunications infrastructure goes down. 
 ACOUSTICS gives operators the ability to send critical alerts and notifications from emergency operations centers, and authorized computers or smart phones. ACOUSTICS provides highly audible, clear voice messaging thousands of meters away, staying on and connected even during broad power outages and network failures. ACOUSTICS are networked, remotely operated devices optimized with advanced driver and waveguide technology so that voice broadcasts are clearly heard and understood above loud background noise and over long distances. Acoustics reliability enables a constant stream of information, providing redundancy when key infrastructure fails during critical events. 
 ACOUSTICS Case Study 
 Faced with wildfires, flooding, debris flows, earthquakes, tsunamis, severe weather, and other public safety threats, the city of Laguna Beach, California, selected ACOUSTICS to deliver emergency alerts and notifications to its 23,000 residents and 6 million annual visitors. More than 20 ACOUSTICS installations are in place throughout the city with more installations planned. The installations can be activated individually, in groups, or simultaneously to provide area specific or citywide emergency warning coverage. The ACOUSTICS outdoor speaker installations are equipped with solar power, battery backup, and satellite connectivity in the event power and telecommunications infrastructure goes down. 
 Genasys LRAD 
 LRAD is the world s leading AHD, with the ability to project alert tones and audible voice messages with exceptional vocal clarity in a 30 beam from close range to 5,500 meters. LRADs are used throughout the world in multiple applications and circumstances to safely hail, warn, inform, direct, prevent misunderstandings, determine intent, establish large safety zones, resolve uncertain situations, and save lives. LRADs have been deployed in defense, law enforcement, fire rescue, critical infrastructure protection, maritime, border, and homeland security installations and applications where clear, intelligible voice communications are essential. 
 5 

LRAD product models are available in varying audio outputs, communication coverage areas, sizes, functionalities, and mounting options. Several accessories and options (cameras, searchlights, mounts, and more) are also available to enhance LRAD capabilities. 
 All LRAD products are defined by their unparalleled audio output and clarity. LRADs use Genasys proprietary XL driver technology, which generates higher audio output in a smaller, lighter form factor. The technology also enables voice messages and alert tones to cut through background noise and be clearly heard and understood. These competitive advantages, and constant innovation, have made LRAD the de facto standard of the global AHD industry. 
 LRAD Case Study 
 SWAT teams respond to potentially dangerous situations where communication is vital. Previously, SWAT teams used bullhorns and vehicle public address PA systems to communicate with violent suspects. Because of the poor intelligibility and limited broadcast range of these systems, SWAT team members often had to closely engage with suspects, putting themselves, suspects, and bystanders in harm s way. 
 Many SWAT teams now use LRAD for serving high risk warrants, and during hostage and barricaded suspect negotiations, active shooter situations, and other SWAT operations. LRAD systems are portable and adaptable in most any situation to provide clear voice broadcasts over long distances. By effectively communicating from safe standoff distances, LRAD helps resolve uncertain situations, safeguards operators, and protects the public. 
 End Markets 
 Government 
 Genasys Protect provides state, local, and federal agencies with a feature-rich system that combines physical security integrations with multichannel emergency alerting. Automated integrations include fire system, access control, IPAWS, and mobile and desktop panic buttons. Output channels include 2-way SMS, email, pop-ups, callouts, PA speakers, and land mobile radio outputs. 
 ALERT can be used by state, local, or national agencies to deliver emergency alerts and life safety information to residents in certain areas, regionally, or countrywide. EVAC is used by state and local governments to produce data-driven zones for planning and targeted community notifications. CONNECT enables real-time, inter- and intra-agency collaboration across a secure, compliant platform. ACOUSTICS broadcasts highly audible and clear voice messaging thousands of meters away, staying on and connected even during broad power outages and network downtime. 
 Partnering with national governments and mobile telecom networks, Genasys NEWS delivers CBC alerts and geo-targeted SMS notifications that can be sent to anyone, anywhere, with no recipient opt-in, registration, or download required. 
 LRAD systems enhance the safety and security of government-owned critical infrastructure, including dams, power plants, water treatment plants, and government facilities. Unlike traditional monitoring and surveillance networks, LRAD systems provide a vital first response capability missing from observe-only integrated security installations. LRAD turns passive monitoring systems into first responders by broadcasting attention-commanding alerts, warnings, and critical notifications with industry-leading audibility and clarity. 
 Enterprise 
 Genasys provides businesses the ability to communicate with all stakeholders, enhance safety levels, and improve business continuity, boosting credibility with customers and within the industry. Enterprises use Genasys to keep stakeholders safe through quick, targeted communications that can reach individuals, groups, or everyone within facilities in the event of unexpected critical events. Facilities take advantage of integrated external sensors to automate alerts when dangerous readings are detected, greatly accelerating response times to potential points of failure. Businesses use Genasys Protect to tackle unexpected interruptions in operations for events ranging from large scale disasters to smaller infrastructure or machinery failures. 
 Employees can make use of integrated panic buttons to alert Genasys users and relevant teams, further improving safety for lone workers on the move. ALERT communications directed to customers keep them informed and can address even day-to-day communications such as delinquent billing. EVAC uses targeted zones to segment facilities and campuses to keep communications focused to those in need. 
 LRAD systems are being used for commercial security applications at large data centers, manufacturing plants, and other enterprise facilities. 
 6 

Gas, Oil, Utilities 
 Genasys Protect integrates with a variety of industrial technologies, including gas leak sensors, 'man down' alarms, access control systems, and badge scanners for workforce safety and accountability. Genasys Protect delivers notifications to employees, contractors, visitors, and guests in corporate offices and at field sites. When integrated with human resources systems, Genasys Protect provides employee notifications, guest management systems for contractors and visitors, auto discovery alerts to anyone present on-site, and SMS opt-in for temporary enrollment to receive alerts and notifications. 
 Two-way enterprise-ready feedback built into ALERT helps ensure safety during an emergency. EVAC helps large facilities target communication by building, campus, or area. In addition to providing real-time safety alerts and notifications through multiple channels, Genasys Protect provides service outage, system maintenance, and other utility customer communications. 
 ACOUSTICS is being used for emergency warning, industrial safety notification, and facility public address. ACOUSTICS can be integrated with gas detection and other sensors to provide automated alerts that protect workers and minimize infrastructure damage. ACOUSTICS alert tones and voice messages cut though mechanical and ambient background noise to be clearly heard and understood, before, during, and in the aftermath of emergency events. 
 LRAD systems enhance perimeter security by providing a vital first response capability missing from observe-only integrated security installations. LRAD turns passive monitoring systems into first responders by broadcasting attention-commanding alerts, warnings, and commands to direct fishing boats away from offshore platforms and trespassers from critical infrastructure. 
 Campuses 
 Genasys Protect unifies emergency alerting software and highly intelligible indoor/outdoor speaker systems providing multiple channels to deliver notifications, instructions, and information to students, staff, faculty, and employees. Using ALERT command-and- control software, safety warnings can be delivered campus-wide across several channels, or to specific areas and student populations using select channels. EVAC helps break large campuses into zones to send targeted messages when emergencies arise. CONNECT enables campus security teams to communicate safely and securely and collaborate with public safety and law enforcement agencies. 
 LRADs are used by campus police and security to broadcast clear communications to students, visitors, and activists present on campus. As centers for activism and protests, campus police rely on LRAD for communication while de-escalating tense civil protests. 
 Towns, Cities, Counties 
 Genasys Protect s scalable ALERT notification software is used by communities of all sizes to issue emergency warnings, provide important instructions, and receive community feedback quickly and directly. 
 Genasys Protect serves communities by providing digital communications through SMS, email, social media, and other channels, and broadcasting audible messages through ACOUSTICS installations. During wildfires, flooding, tornadoes, hurricanes and other emergencies, power and telecom outages frequently disrupt legacy emergency warning systems. ACOUSTICS systems are made with rugged, military-grade materials that can withstand the elements, and feature solar power, satellite connectivity, and battery backup options that enable emergency services personnel to disseminate critical information even when power and telecommunications infrastructure goes down. 
 EVAC is used by communities and counties to create disaster response plans, track emergency events, and execute timely emergency evacuations and orderly repopulations. EVAC empowers emergency services to effectively collaborate across jurisdictions to respond quickly and efficiently to disasters. CONNECT is a fully CJIS compliant solution that enables collaboration in a secure platform across or within agencies. Genasys Protect emergency services include notifications, alerts, and instructions sent directly to community members through several channels, including SMS, email, Waze, and more. Genasys clients use the Genasys Protect citizen-facing website and mobile app to keep communities informed and updated. 
 Industrial Facilities 
 Genasys solutions provide facility managers the data and tools to initiate critical safety notifications. These notifications can be delivered throughout a facility or targeted to areas affected by industrial accidents, hazmat incidents, unauthorized entries, and other worker safety threats. ALERT can send multichannel communications, and ACOUSTICS and LRAD can broadcast messages across facilities, into distant buildings, and over loud machinery noise. EVAC can segment large industrial complexes into targeted zones for precise actions and communication. 
 7 

Defense 
 LRADs broadcast audible warning tones and voice messages with exceptional clarity from close range to 5,500 meters, enabling operators on the ground, in vehicles, on ships, or in helicopters, to increase the decision time and distance to differentiate between security threats and non-combatants, resolve uncertain situations, respond safely, and limit the escalation of force. 
 First Response 
 Genasys Protect accelerates and optimizes emergency management and response to protect civilians and make first responders duties safer. Genasys Protect s geographically tailored automated map zones enable public safety personnel to make and communicate quick decisions, and direct evacuations easily. A common operating picture accelerates information sharing among first responders and emergency managers during the initial attack phase of a disaster and beyond. This information includes traffic monitoring, road closures, disaster paths, event simulation and modeling, and more. CONNECT helps law enforcement and other agencies to collaborate securely and is fully compliant with federal and state data retention guidelines. 
 Police and fire departments are using LRAD systems in everyday duties and elevated risk operations to issue warnings, commands, and notifications that are clearly heard and understood above crowd, engine, and background noise. Rugged, reliable, and easy to operate, LRAD systems resolve uncertain situations, safeguard the public, and protect first responders. 
 Stadiums and Events 
 Genasys Protect keeps attendees, fans, participants, and staff safe through audible broadcasts, quick decision-making, team coordination, and cohesive emergency communications that can reach everyone at an event. With ALERT, event managers use voice calls, SMS messages, images, video, email, stadium Wi-Fi, IPAWS, and Wireless Emergency Alerts WEA ), to contact anyone in or near a stadium. ALERT helps contact individuals, without the need for opt-in, through Wi-Fi auto discovery, ACOUSTICS, and digital signage. Satellite connected, solar powered ACOUSTICS systems broadcast live or prerecorded voice messages over loud background noise and into buildings, even if power and telecommunications fail. EVAC can segment stadiums into zoned sections, target facilities and event buildings, and help communicate safely in emergencies. 
 Strategy 
 Our products, systems and solutions continue to gain worldwide awareness and recognition through increased marketing efforts, product demonstrations, and word of mouth because of positive responses and increased acceptance. We believe we have a solid global brand, technology, and product foundation, which we continue to expand to serve new markets and customers for greater business growth. We believe we have strong market opportunities for our product offerings throughout the world in the defense, public safety, emergency warning, mass notification, critical event management, enterprise safety, and law enforcement sectors as a result of increasing threats to government, commerce, law enforcement, homeland security, and critical infrastructure. Our products, systems, and solutions also have many applications within the fire rescue, maritime, asset protection, and wildlife control and preservation business segments. 
 Genasys has developed a global market and an increasing demand for LRAD communications systems. We have a reputation for producing quality products that feature industry-leading broadcast area coverage, vocal intelligibility, and product reliability. We plan to continue building on our AHD market leadership position by offering enhanced voice broadcast systems and accessories for an expanding range of applications. In executing our strategy, we use direct sales to governments, militaries, large end-users, system integrators, and prime vendors. We have built a worldwide distribution channel consisting of partners and resellers that have significant expertise and experience selling integrated communication solutions into our various target markets. As our primary AHD sales opportunities are with domestic and international governments, military branches, and law enforcement agencies, we are subject to each customer s unique budget cycle, which leads to long selling cycles and uneven revenue flow, complicating our product planning. 
 The proliferation of natural and man-made disasters, emergency events and civil unrest require technologically advanced, multichannel solutions to deliver clear and timely critical communications to help keep people safe during crisis situations. Businesses are also incorporating critical communication and emergency management systems that locate and help safeguard employees when crises occur. 
 By providing the only SaaS platform that unifies sensors and IoT inputs with geographically specific multichannel, multiagency alerting and notifications, Genasys seeks to deliver reliable, fast, and intuitive solutions for creating and disseminating warnings, information and instructions before, during, and after public safety and enterprise threats. 
 While the software and hardware mass notification markets are mature with many established manufacturers and suppliers, we believe that our advanced technology and unified platform provides opportunities to succeed in the large and growing public safety, emergency warning, and Protective Communications markets. 
 8 

In fiscal 2025, we intend to continue pursuing domestic and international business opportunities with the support of business development consultants, key representatives, and resellers. We plan to grow our revenues through increased direct sales to governments and agencies that desire to integrate our communication technologies into their homeland security and public safety systems. This includes building on fiscal 2024 domestic defense sales by pursuing further U.S. military opportunities. We also plan to pursue both domestic and international emergency warning, enterprise and critical event management, government, law enforcement, fire rescue, homeland and international security, private and commercial security, border security, maritime security, and wildlife preservation and control business opportunities. 
 Our research and development strategy includes incorporating further innovations and capabilities into our Genasys Protect systems, solutions, and LRAD products, to meet the needs of our target markets. 
 Our Genasys Protect software solutions are more complex offerings. We are pursuing certain certifications, which are often required when bidding on government and mass notification opportunities. We intend to invest engineering resources to enhance our Genasys Protect software solutions to compete for larger emergency warning and critical communications business opportunities. We are also configuring alternative solutions to achieve lower price points to meet the needs of certain customers or applications. We also engage in ongoing value engineering to reduce the cost and simplify the manufacturing of our products. 
 We intend to continue operating with financial discipline to create value for our shareholders. 
 Manufacturing and Suppliers 
 Manufacturing 
 As an ISO 9001:2015 manufacturer, we believe maintaining quality manufacturing capacity is essential to the performance of our products and the growth of our business. Our technologies are different from mass-produced designs, and our manufacturing and assembly involves unique processes and materials. We contract with third-party suppliers to produce various components and sub-assemblies. In our facility, we complete the final assembly, test, and ship our products. We have refined our internal processes to improve how we design, test, and qualify products. We continue to implement rigorous manufacturing and quality processes to track production and field failures. We also perform third-party testing and certification of our products to ensure that they meet rigorous military and commercial specifications. We implement design and component changes periodically to reduce our product costs and improve product reliability and manufacturability. 
 Suppliers 
 We minimize inventories and maximize the efficiency of our supply chain by having a large number of components and sub-assemblies produced by outside suppliers mainly located within 50 miles of our facility. The Company relies on one supplier for compression drivers for its LRAD products and is working to obtain alternative suppliers to reduce such reliance. The Company s ability to manufacture its products could be adversely affected if it were to lose this sole source supplier and was unable to find an alternative supplier. We also purchase several key components and sub-assemblies from foreign suppliers. Consequently, we are subject to the impact that supply chain issues and economic conditions can have on such suppliers. The fluctuations of foreign currency exchange rates could also impact our lead times and product costs. We have developed strong relationships with a number of our key suppliers. If these suppliers experience supply chain issues, quality problems or part shortages, our production schedules could be significantly delayed, or our costs could significantly increase. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We market and sell products and services through our salesforce based in Alabama, California, Colorado, Florida, Maryland, Nevada, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Utah, Wisconsin, Spain, United Kingdom, and the U.A.E. Our corporate and administrative offices are located in San Diego, California. 
 We sell directly to governments, militaries, large end-users, and commercial companies. We use independent representatives on a commission basis to assist in our direct sales efforts. We also use a channel distribution model, in which we sell our products directly to independent resellers and system integrators around the world, who then sell (or integrate products with other systems and then sell) to end-user customers. We are focusing our internal business development resources on building relationships with governments and other large direct customers. In addition, we utilize part-time consultants with expertise in various government and defense sectors to advise us on procedures and budgetary policies in an effort to be successful in these areas. 
 We have a global reputation for providing high quality, innovative voice broadcast systems and mobile alert solutions that have made Genasys and LRAD internationally recognized product brands. We actively promote our brands and products through our website, social media, podcasts, trade shows, media journals and publications, and advertising. We intend to increase the use of our trademarks 
 9 

throughout our product distribution chain and believe growing brand awareness will assist in expanding our business. We believe our reputation for technological expertise, quality products, and strong service and support provide us competitive advantages. 
 Customer Concentration 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, one customer accounted for 18 of revenues, with no other single customer accounting for more than 10 of revenues. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, one customer accounted for 54 of revenues, with no other single customer accounting for more than 10 of revenues. 
 Our revenues to date have relied on a few major customers. The loss of any customer could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. We have made progress diversifying our revenues and expect to continue to do so in future periods. 
 Partnerships 
 We partner with leading businesses to market our solutions, integrate our software for feature enhancement, and to provide additional channels to drive sales. Our partnerships include Esri, Intterra, First Due, Watch Duty, Tablet Command, Ladris AI, Waze, the NOAA, and more. 
 Backlog 
 Our order backlog for products that are deliverable in the next 12 months was approximately 40.3 million as of September 30, 2024 largely related to one customer, compared with 7.0 million as of September 30, 2023. The amount of backlog at any point in time is dependent upon scheduled delivery dates to our customers and product lead times. Our backlog orders are supported by firm purchase orders. 
 Warranties 
 We generally warrant our products to be free from material and workmanship defects for a period up to one year from the date of purchase. The warranty is generally a limited warranty, and in some instances imposes certain shipping costs on the customer. We generally provide direct warranty service, but at times we may establish warranty service through third parties. 
 We also provide repair and maintenance agreements and extended warranty contracts at market rates, with terms ranging from one year to several years, as an additional source of revenue and to provide increased customer satisfaction. 
 Competition 
 Our technologies and products compete with those of other companies. Our LRAD AHDs and ACOUSTICS systems are part of the commercial and government audio industry and mass notification markets that are fragmented and include numerous manufacturers with products that vary widely in price, quality, and distribution channels. Present and potential competitors have, or may have, substantially greater resources to devote to product development. We believe we compete primarily on the originality of our products, the uniqueness of our technology and designs, and our responsiveness to customers and the ability to meet their needs. We believe the quality, reliability, and superior performance of our products, which have been developed by incorporating feedback from our customers and our desire to provide the highest quality products, also provide us with competitive advantages. 
 Our LRAD products includes the leading long-range voice broadcast systems for military and other applications. Our AHD competitors include Ultra Electronics/USSI, IML Sound Commander, and others. We do not believe these competitors have achieved significant global market penetration in the AHD market to date. We believe our LRAD products have demonstrated acceptance, performed extremely well in harsh environments, and can continue to compete on the basis of technical features, performance, ease of use, quality, and cost. As we continue to grow this market, future competitors may enter, which could impact our competitiveness. 
 Our advanced ACOUSTICS mass notification systems compete against several domestic and international companies, including Federal Signal, Whelen Engineering Company, Hoermann, and others. We believe our industry-leading voice intelligibility and area coverage, as well as our satellite connectivity and solar power options, provide key advantages that distinguish us from our competitors. When integrated with our Genasys Protect command-and-control software to provide multiple remote activation and control options, we believe our mass notification speakers are among the most technologically advanced and easiest to operate in the world. 
 In the more mature and established critical communications and event management software markets, we compete against several competitors, including Everbridge, OnSolve, Rave Alert, and others. We believe our ability to unify sensors and IoT inputs with the multichannel, multiagency dissemination of geolocation-targeted alerts, notifications and instructions before, during, and after public safety and enterprise threats, critical events, and other crisis situations, gives us significant competitive advantages against these 
 10 

established organizations. Our reliable, fast, and intuitive solution for sending warnings and information via location-based SMS, CBC, mobile push, text, email, social media, TV, radio, digital displays, sirens and speaker arrays, and our platform s compatibility with major emergency warning protocols, including IPAWS, WEA, and others, provide additional competitive advantages. We believe the domestic and international markets for public safety, emergency warning, and critical communications are substantial and growing. 
 Seasonality 
 Because our sales are primarily to domestic and international government departments or agencies, our selling cycles tend to be long and difficult to forecast. We have not experienced any significant seasonality trends to date, but we may experience increased seasonality in the future. 
 Government Regulation 
 We are subject to a variety of government laws and regulations that apply to companies engaged in international operations, including, among others, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.S. Department of Commerce export controls, local government regulations, and procurement policies and practices (including regulations relating to import-export control, investments, exchange controls, and repatriation of earnings). We maintain controls and procedures to comply with laws and regulations associated with our international operations. If we are unable to remain compliant with such laws and regulations, our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our products are produced to comply with standard product safety requirements for sale in the U.S. and similar requirements for sale in Europe and Canada. We expect to meet the electrical and other regulatory requirements for electronic systems or components we sell throughout the world. 
 Financial Information about Segments and Geographic Areas 
 Financial information regarding our segments and the geographic areas in which we operate is contained in Note 19, Segment Information, and Note 20, Major Customers, Suppliers and Related Information in our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 Intellectual Property Rights and Proprietary Information 
 We operate in an industry where innovation, investment in new ideas, and protection of resulting intellectual property rights are important drivers of success. We rely on a variety of intellectual property protections for our products and technologies, including patent, trademark and trade secret laws, and contractual obligations. We pursue a policy of vigorously enforcing our intellectual property rights. 
 In addition to such factors as innovation, technological expertise, and experienced personnel, we believe strong product offerings that are continually upgraded and enhanced will keep us competitive, and we seek patent protection on important technological improvements that we make. We have an ongoing policy of filing patent applications to seek protection for novel features of our products and technologies. Prior to the filing and granting of patents, our policy is to disclose key features to patent counsel and maintain these features as trade secrets prior to product introduction. Patent applications may not result in issued patents covering all important claims and could be denied in their entirety. In addition to issued patents and patent filings, we also file for trade name and trademark protection when appropriate. We are the owner of several registered trademarks, many of which have earned worldwide brand recognition. 
 Our policy is to enter into nondisclosure agreements with each employee and consultant or third party to whom any of our proprietary information is disclosed. These agreements prohibit the disclosure of confidential information to others, both during and subsequent to employment, or the duration of the working relationship. These agreements may not prevent disclosure of confidential information or provide adequate remedies for any breach. 
 Research and Development 
 The software and sound reproduction markets are subject to rapid changes in technology and design with frequent improvements and new product introductions, as well as customized solutions for specific customer applications. We believe our future success will depend on our ability to enhance and improve existing technologies and to introduce new technologies and products on a competitive basis that meet the needs of our customers. Accordingly, we are continuing to invest in significant research and new product development activities. 
 For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we spent approximately 9.6 million and 8.1 million, respectively, on company-sponsored research and development. Future levels of research and development expenditure will vary depending on the 
 11 

timing of further new product development and the availability of funds to carry out additional research and development on currently owned technologies or in other areas. 
 Executive Officers and Board of Directors 
 The current executive officers and members of the Board of Directors of Genasys Inc. and their ages and business experience are set forth below. 
 Richard S. Danforth, age 65, was appointed Chief Executive Officer in August 2016. Mr. Danforth formed the strategic business consulting firm, RsD Aero, Ltd., in 2014, which provided consulting services for the Defense, Aerospace, Space and Transportation sectors, with an emphasis on M A and Transatlantic trade. He served at DRS Technologies as Group President of DRS Integrated Defense Systems Service (2013 2014); Chief Executive Officer, President and Board Member of DRS Defense Solutions (2008 2012); President, Command Control Communication (2005 2008); President, Navy Electronics Intelligence Systems (2004 2005); and Executive Vice President, Electronics Systems Group (2002 2004). He began his career at Raytheon in 1982 and held various manufacturing, quality assurance and program manager positions until 1996. Mr. Danforth was then appointed Vice President of Operations for Raytheon Aircraft Company (1996 2000). In 2000, he was named Senior Vice President of Raytheon Aircraft Company s Commercial Aircraft Business division, where he led a staff of 370 sales, marketing and customer service personnel. Mr. Danforth holds a Bachelor of Science in Industrial Technology from the University of Massachusetts Lowell and a Masters in Engineering Management from Western New England College. 
 Dennis D. Klahn, age 66, was appointed Chief Financial Officer in September 2017. Mr. Klahn has more than 30 years of accounting, finance and operations experience, which includes serving as Controller or CFO at publicly traded companies. He was most recently a Group Controller at Teledyne RD Instruments, a subsidiary of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated, between 2011 and August 2017. Prior to that role, he served as Controller or CFO at several companies including, ISE Corporation, Overland Storage, Inc., Anacomp, Inc., and International Lottery Totalizator Systems, Inc. Mr. Klahn is a certified public accountant in Illinois and began his career as a Staff Accountant at Coopers Lybrand after receiving his B.A. in Accounting from St. Ambrose University. 
 Richard H. Osgood III, age 70, has been a member of the Board since July 2013 and was appointed Chairman of our Board in November 2021. Mr. Osgood retired in 2012 after serving as Head of Equity Capital Markets for Wedbush Securities since January 2009. Mr. Osgood joined Wedbush Securities when it acquired Pacific Growth Equities, which Mr. Osgood founded in 1991. Mr. Osgood served in various capacities with Pacific Growth Equities prior to its acquisition, including President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chairman and Executive Chairman. Prior to founding Pacific Growth Equities, Mr. Osgood was the Head of Capital Markets, Sales and Trading at Volpe, Welty and Company, a company he also co-founded in 1986. Previously, Mr. Osgood held senior positions in institutional sales at Montgomery Securities, Rotan Mosely and Smith Barney. Mr. Osgood holds a B.S. in Psychology from the University of the South. Mr. Osgood s capital markets and securities industry expertise, as well as his management and strategic experience qualify him to serve on our Board. 
 Susan Lee Schmeiser, age 48, has been a member of the Board since September 2021. Ms. Lee has over 20 years of experience in digital marketing software, media, data analytics, and strategic partnerships. Prior to May 2023, Ms. Lee served as Group President of Digital Marketing Technology Solutions at Vericast, a MacAndrews Forbes company, since November 2020. Prior to her current position, from April 2020 to November 2020, Ms. Lee served as Chief Product Officer and Senior Executive Vice President at Vericast. From 2017 to 2020, Ms. Lee was Senior Vice President of Business Development and Strategy at Valassis, a leader in marketing technology and consumer engagement. From 2011 to 2017, Ms. Lee served as the Vice President of Corporate Development and Strategy of MaxPoint Interactive, Inc., which was acquired by Valassis after going public in 2017. Ms. Lee served as Vice President, Ad Sales Strategy at Univision from 2007 to 2011. She also held the role of Vice President at MTV Networks from 2004 to 2007. She began her career as a Financial Analyst in the Financial Sponsors Group of Morgan Stanley s Investment Banking Division. Ms. Lee earned a B.A. in Economics from New York University and an M.B.A. in General Management from Harvard Business School. Ms. Lee s leadership experience, and expertise in corporate development and strategy qualify her to serve on our Board. 
 William H. Dodd , age 68, has been a member of the Board since May 2024. Mr. Dodd served in the California State Senate from December 2016 to December 2024. He finished his second term as Chair of the Government Organization Committee, a member of the Transportation Committee, Energy Utilities and Communications Committee, the Business Professions Committee, and the Insurance Committee. From November 2014 to November 2016, Mr. Dodd served in the California State Assembly. Mr. Dodd began public service in March 2000, serving on the Napa County Board of Supervisors until December 2014. Prior to his time in elected office, Mr. Dodd owned and operated a full-service water company and served as president of the water quality industry s state and national trade associations. Mr. Dodd earned a B.S. in Business Administration from California State University, Chico. Mr. Dodd s extensive government service and experience, and industry and business management background, qualify him to serve on our Board. 
 W. Craig Fugate , age 65, has been a member of the Board since May 2024. Prior to starting Craig Fugate Consulting in March 2017 to pursue building a more resilient nation and train the next generation of emergency managers, Mr. Fugate served as Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) from May 2009 to January 2017. Mr. Fugate led FEMA and 
 12 

oversaw the federal government s response to major disasters, including the Joplin and Moore tornadoes, Hurricane Sandy, Hurricane Matthew, and Louisiana flooding. From October 2001 to May 2009, Mr. Fugate served as Director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management, leading the state of Florida s emergency response to 11 declared disasters. Mr. Fugate began his emergency management career as a volunteer firefighter, paramedic, and a lieutenant with the Alachua County Fire Rescue before serving as Emergency Manager for Alachua County in Gainesville, Florida from 1987 to 1997. Mr. Fugate s local, state, and national leadership and substantial emergency management experience qualify him to serve on our Board. 
 Mark Culhane , age 64, has been a member of the Board since July 2024. Mr. Culhane has been the Managing Partner of Culhane Advisory since 2016. From April 2017 to April 2022, Mr. Culhane served on the Board of Directors and was Audit Committee Chair of UserZoom. From November 2017 to June 2021, Mr. Culhane was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Teradata Corporation. Mr. Culhane also served as Chief Financial Officer at Lithium Technologies from December 2012 to August 2016; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at DemandTec from August 2001 to May 2012; Chief Financial Officer at iManage from 1998 to 2001; Chief Financial Officer at SciClone Pharmaceuticals from 1992 to 1998; and from 1982 to 1992 held various positions with Pricewaterhouse Coopers. Mr. Culhane holds a B.S. in Business Administration from the University of South Dakota. Mr. Culhane s extensive accounting and financial reporting expertise and business leadership experience qualify him to serve on our Board. 
 Human Capital 
 As of September 30, 2024, we employed a total of 202 full-time employees, of which 113 were located in the United States and 89 were located internationally. Our full-time employees include: 100 in engineering, 25 in production, quality assurance and materials control, 22 in general and administrative and 55 in sales and marketing. We contract technical and production personnel from time to time on an as needed basis and use outside consultants for various services. We have not experienced any work stoppages and are not a party to a collective bargaining agreement. 
 We are dedicated to preserving operational excellence and remaining an employer of choice. We provide and maintain a work environment designed to attract, develop, and retain top talent through offering our employees an engaging work experience that contributes to their career development. We recognize that our success is based on the collective talents and dedication of those we employ, and we are highly invested in their success. 
 Available Information 
 Our shares of common stock trade on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol GNSS . Our address is 16262 West Bernardo Drive, San Diego, California, 92127, our telephone number is 858-676-1112, and our website is located at www.genasys.com. We make available, free of charge through our website, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, reports filed by our directors, executive officers and certain significant shareholders pursuant to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act, and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably practical after the reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report nor is it part of this report. 
 13 

Item 1A. Ri sk Factors 
 An investment in our company involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information included in this report, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in evaluating an investment in our company. You should consider these matters in conjunction with the other information included or incorporated by reference in this report. Our results of operations or financial condition could be seriously harmed, and the trading price of our common stock may decline due to any of these or other risks. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We have historically had a high concentration of revenues from a limited number of customers. We expect to continue to be dependent on a limited number of customers. 
 In fiscal year 2024, one customer accounted for 18 of revenues and no other customers accounted for more than 10 of revenues. Historically, our revenues have been dependent upon a limited number of customers, and we expect that we will continue to have some significant customers in future years. We do not have long-term purchase commitments with these or other significant customers, and our customers have the right to cease doing business with us at any time. Military contracts that we have been awarded have terms of indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity during the term of the contract, so there are no guaranteed purchases under these contracts. No assurance can be given that these or other customers will continue to do business with us or that they will maintain their historical levels of business. If our relationship with any material customer were to cease, then our revenues would decline and negatively impact our results of operations. Any such decline could result in us increasing our accumulated deficit and a need to raise additional capital to fund our operations. If our expectations regarding future sales are inaccurate, we may be unable to reduce costs in a timely manner to adjust for sales shortfalls. 
 We may need additional capital for growth. 
 We may need additional capital to support our growth. While we expect to generate these funds from operations, we may not be able to do so. Principal factors that could affect the availability of our internally generated funds include: 
 failure of sales to government, military, and commercial markets to meet planned projections; 

government spending levels impacting sales of our products; 

political uncertainty; 

foreign currency fluctuations; 

working capital requirements to support business growth; 

our ability to control spending; 

our ability to integrate future acquisitions; 

management of new business opportunities; 

introduction of new competing technologies; 

product mix and effect on margins; and 

acceptance of our existing and future products in existing and new markets. 

Should we require additional funds, general market conditions or the then-current market price of our common stock may not support capital raising transactions and any such financing may require advance approval of our stockholders under the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market. Our ability to obtain financing may be further constrained by prevailing economic conditions. We may be required to reduce costs, including the scaling back of research and development into new products, which could have a negative impact on our ability to compete and to innovate. If we raise additional funds by selling additional shares of our capital stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock (assuming we are able to obtain additional financing), the ownership interest of our stockholders will be diluted, which could have a material negative impact on the market value of our common stock. 
 General economic and political conditions may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our operations and performance depend significantly on worldwide economic and political conditions and their impact on levels of capital investment and government spending. Global economic and political uncertainties and foreign currency rate fluctuations could adversely influence demand for our products leading to reduced levels of investments, reductions in government spending and budgets and changes in spending priorities and behavior. 
 14 

Risks related to global economic instability, including global supply chain issues, inflation, labor costs, and fuel and energy costs, may affect the Company s business. 
 The volatile global economic environment has created market uncertainty. A slowdown in the financial markets or other economic conditions, including but not limited to global supply chain issues, inflation, fuel and energy costs, freight costs, lack of available credit, interest rates, and tax rates, may adversely affect the Company s growth and profitability. Fluctuation of prices and availability of commodities and materials used in the manufacture of our products may affect the cost of operations. In addition, increasing wage inflation and challenges hiring qualified personnel may impact our ability to meet customer demand. While we expect the impacts of market uncertainty and inflation could have an effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, we are unable to predict the extent or nature of these impacts at this time. 
 Actual or perceived failures or breaches of our information and security systems, or those of our customers, suppliers or business partners, could expose us to losses. 
 We rely on computer systems, hardware, software, technology infrastructure and online sites and networks (collectively, IT Systems for both internal and external operations that are critical to our business. We own and manage some of these IT Systems but also rely on third parties for a range of IT Systems and related products and services. 
 We have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past, though none have materially impacted our Company, including our operations or financial condition. There can be no guarantee that future cyberattacks or incidents will not materially impact our Company generally or our IT Systems or data or that of critical service providers specifically. We face numerous and evolving cybersecurity risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our IT Systems and data. Those risks include data security incidents, cybersecurity events, data breaches, ransomware attacks or other compromises of the IT Systems that we or our vendors use to provide services or process data on our behalf, which may lead to compromised network security and misappropriation or compromise of our information, our customer s information or that of third parties, to system disruptions or to shutdowns. Cyberattack actors include criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored intrusions, and may involve industrial espionage, employee malfeasance and human or technological error. Computer hackers and others routinely attempt to breach the security of technology products, services and systems, and to fraudulently induce employees, customers and other third parties to disclose information or unwittingly provide access to systems or data. The risk of such attacks includes attempted breaches not only of our own products, services and systems, but also those of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors and other third parties. 
 Our products, services and systems may be used in critical company, customer, government or other third-party operations, or involve the storage, processing and transmission of sensitive data, including valuable intellectual property, classified information, other proprietary or confidential data, regulated data and personal information of employees, customers and others. In our command-and-control software systems, we process, store and transmit data provided by our customers, which is vital to our customer s businesses and operations and may include sensitive and personal data. We also manage, store, transmit and otherwise process various sensitive personal or confidential data related to our company and our employees in the regular course of business. Successful breaches, employee malfeasance or human or technological error could result in, for example, unauthorized access to, disclosure, modification, misuse, loss or destruction of company, customer, government or other third party data or systems; theft of sensitive, regulated, classified or confidential data including personal information and intellectual property; the loss of access to critical data or systems through distributed denial-of-service attacks, denial-of-service attacks, ransomware attacks, supply chain attacks, destructive attacks or other means; and business delays, service or system disruptions or denials of service. Further, hardware and operating system software and applications that we produce or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including bugs and other problems that could interfere with the operation of such systems. Given the nature of complex systems, software and services like ours, and the scanning tools that we deploy across our networks, infrastructure and products, we regularly identify and track security vulnerabilities. We are unable to comprehensively guarantee patches or confirm that measures are in place to mitigate all such vulnerabilities, or that patches will be applied before vulnerabilities are exploited by a threat actor. If attackers are able to exploit critical vulnerabilities before patches are installed or mitigating measures are implemented, significant compromises could impact our and our customers systems and data. 
 The information technology systems we and our vendors use are vulnerable to outages, breakdowns or other damage or interruption from service interruptions, system malfunction, natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication and electrical failures. For example, in July 2024, a software update by CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. CrowdStrike ), a cybersecurity technology company, caused widespread crashes of Windows systems into which it was integrated. Although we have not experienced any material impacts as a result of the CrowdStrike software update, we could in the future experience similar third-party software-induced interruptions to our operations, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Cyberattacks are expected to accelerate on a global basis in both frequency and magnitude as threat actors are becoming increasingly sophisticated in using techniques and tools (including AI) that circumvent controls, evade detection and even remove forensic evidence. Further, the use of AI by us, our customers, suppliers, and third-party service providers, among others, may also 
 15 

introduce unique vulnerabilities. As a result, there can be no assurance that the systems we have designed to protect against cyberattacks, or our cybersecurity risk management program and processes, will be fully implemented, complied with or sufficient to identify, detect or prevent material consequences arising from such attacks in the future. In addition, we have acquired and continue to acquire companies that may have cybersecurity vulnerabilities and/or unsophisticated security measures, which could expose us to significant cybersecurity, operational, and financial risks. 
 The costs to address product defects or any of the foregoing security problems and security vulnerabilities before or after a cyber incident could be significant. Remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays or cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers that may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions. We could lose existing or potential customers for outsourcing services or other information technology solutions in connection with any actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products. In addition, breaches of our IT Systems or security measures and the unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our customers or other third parties could expose us, our customers or other third parties affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in regulatory enforcement, litigation and potential liability, damage our brand and reputation or otherwise harm our business. Further, we rely in certain limited capacities on third-party data management providers and other vendors whose own security vulnerabilities or problems may have similar detrimental effects on us. 
 Actual or perceived non-compliance with applicable data privacy and security laws, or that of our customers, suppliers or business partners, could expose us to losses. 
 We are subject to laws, rules and regulations in the United States and other countries relating to the collection, use, transmission, processing and security of user and other data. Our ability to execute transactions and to possess, process, transmit and use personal information and data in conducting our business, for example with respect to our marketing efforts, which include email marketing and telemarketing, subjects us to legislative and regulatory obligations that, among other things, may require us to expend time, financial and other resources to monitor and interpret ever-evolving and complex data privacy and security laws. 
 In particular, certain states have adopted new or modified privacy and security laws and regulations that may apply to our business, for example, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA imposes obligations on businesses that process personal information of California residents. Among other things, the CCPA: requires disclosures to such residents about the data collection, use and disclosure practices of covered businesses; provides such individuals expanded rights to access, delete and correct their personal information and opt-out of certain transfers of personal information; and provides such individuals with a private right of action and statutory damages for data breaches. The enactment of the CCPA has prompted a wave of similar laws being passed in the United States, which creates the potential for a patchwork of overlapping but different state laws. For example, since the CCPA went into effect, other states, including Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, Oregon, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and Virginia, have all enacted comprehensive data privacy legislation. We cannot predict the full impact of these laws on our business or operations. Many other states are currently reviewing or proposing the need for greater regulation of the collection, sharing, use and other processing of information related to individuals for marketing purposes or otherwise, and there remains increased interest at the federal level as well. Additionally, other jurisdictions outside of the United States have or have recently enacted privacy and cybersecurity laws, such as the EU and the European Union where the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR took effect in 2018, creating the potential for a patchwork of overlapping but different laws. 
 We have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant expenses to comply with mandatory privacy and security standards and protocols under applicable laws, regulations, industry standards and contractual obligations. Despite such expenditures, we may face regulatory and other legal actions in the event of perceived or actual non-compliance with such applicable obligations. Many of these laws would also require us to notify regulators and customers, employees or other individuals of any data security breach as described above. The various data privacy enactments impose significant obligations and compliance with these requirements depends in part on how particular regulators apply and interpret them. Even though we believe we are generally in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to privacy and data security, these laws are in some cases relatively new and the interpretation and application of these laws are uncertain. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with data privacy laws, rules, regulations, industry standards and other requirements could result in proceedings or actions against us by individuals, consumer rights groups, government agencies or others. We could incur significant costs in investigating and defending such claims and, if found liable, pay significant damages or fines or be required to make changes to our business. Further, these proceedings and any subsequent adverse outcomes may subject us to significant negative publicity and an erosion of trust. If any of these events were to occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 16 

We have current government contracts, and our future growth is dependent, in large part, on continued sales to U.S. and international governments and businesses that sell to governments. 
 In fiscal year 2024, direct and indirect sales to the U.S. government accounted for approximately 29 of our total net sales, compared with 59 of our total net sales in fiscal year 2023. Changes in defense spending could have an adverse effect on our current and future revenues. Sales of our products to U.S. government agencies and organizations are subject to the overall U.S. government budget and congressional appropriation decisions and processes which are driven by numerous factors, including geo-political events and macroeconomic conditions, and are beyond our control. Even awards granted may not result in orders due to spending constraints. Similar issues apply to sales to international governments. We have no assurance that military interest in communication devices to minimize unnecessary use of force will continue or will provide future growth opportunities for our business. 
 Disruption and fluctuations in financial and currency markets could have a negative effect on our business. 
 Financial markets in the U.S., Europe, and Asia have experienced extreme volatility and uncertainty in recent years. Governments have taken unprecedented actions intended to address these market conditions. It is difficult to assess the extent to which these conditions have impacted our business, and the effect this has had on certain of our customers and suppliers. These economic developments affect businesses like ours in a number of ways. Any tightening of credit in financial markets may adversely affect the ability of commercial customers to finance purchases and operations and could result in a decrease in orders and spending for our products as well as create supplier disruptions. Reductions in tax revenues, rating downgrades, and other economic developments could also reduce future government spending on our products. There can be no assurance that there will not be further volatility and uncertainty in financial markets, which can then lead to challenges in the operation of our business. We are unable to predict the likely effects that negative economic conditions will have on our business and financial condition. 
 We purchase a number of key components and sub-assemblies from foreign suppliers. Consequently, we are subject to the impact economic conditions can have on such suppliers and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Increases in our cost of purchasing these items could negatively impact our financial results if we are not able to pass these increased costs on to our customers. 
 Worldwide armed conflicts and the related implications may negatively impact our operations. 
 Current conflicts around the world, including Ukraine and Israel, and related sanctions could damage or disrupt international commerce and the global economy. It is not possible to predict the broader or longer-term consequences of these conflicts or the impact of sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, geopolitical shifts and adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, security conditions, currency exchange rates, and financial markets. Such geopolitical instability and uncertainty could have a negative impact on our ability to sell, ship products, collect payments, and support customers in certain regions based on trade restrictions, embargoes and export control law restrictions, supply disruptions, and logistics restrictions, including closures of air space, and could increase the costs, risks, and adverse impacts from supply chain and logistics challenges. Given the evolving nature of these conflicts, the related sanctions, potential governmental actions and economic impact, such potential impacts remain uncertain. While we expect the impacts of these conflicts could have an effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, we are unable to predict the extent or nature of these impacts at this time. 
 Our future success depends upon our ability to execute our business strategy, to continue to innovate and improve our existing products as well as design, develop, and produce new products to provide protective communications solutions . 
 Our future success significantly depends on our ability to execute our business strategy, continue to innovate, improve our existing products, and design, develop, and produce innovative new products and solutions, including those that may incorporate, or are based upon, artificial intelligence technology. Product design, development, innovation, and enhancement is often a complex, time-consuming, and costly process involving significant investment in research and development with no assurance of return on investment. There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop and introduce new and improved products in a timely or efficient manner or that new and improved products, if developed, will achieve market acceptance. Our products generally must conform to various evolving and sometimes competing industry standards, which may adversely affect our ability to compete in certain markets or require us to incur significant costs. In addition, our customers generally impose very high quality and reliability standards on our products, which often change and may be difficult or costly to satisfy. Any inability to satisfy customer quality and reliability standards or comply with industry standards and technical requirements may adversely affect demand for our products and our results of operations. 
 We must expand our customer base to grow our business. 
 To grow our business, in addition to continuing to obtain additional orders from our existing customers, we must develop relationships with new customers and obtain and fulfill orders from new customers. We are competing against a number of large competitors in the mass notification market, and we need to establish our product offerings as competitive to win awards against these competitors, increase our customer base, and gain market share. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to increase our customer base. 
 17 

Further, even if we do obtain new customers, we cannot guarantee that those customers will purchase from us in sufficient quantities or at product prices that will enable us to recover our costs in acquiring those customers and fulfilling those orders. Whether we will be able to sell more of our products will depend on several factors, including: 
 our ability to design and manufacture reliable products that have the features that are required by our customers; 

the global economy; 

our ability to expand relationships with existing customers and to develop relationships with new customers that will lead to additional orders for our products; 

our ability to develop and expand new markets for directed sound products, mobile mass messaging services, and integrated solutions; and 

our ability to develop international product distribution directly or through strategic partners. 

We may not be able to successfully integrate acquisitions in the future, and we may not be able to realize anticipated cost savings, revenue enhancements, or other synergies from such acquisitions. 
 Since early 2018, we have completed several acquisitions, including Genasys Spain, Amika Mobile, Zonehaven and most recently Evertel. Our ability to successfully implement our business plan and achieve targeted financial results and other benefits including, among other things, greater market presence and development, and enhancements to our product portfolio and customer base, is dependent on our ability to successfully identify, consummate and integrate acquisitions. We may not realize the intended benefits of these acquisitions, or the acquisition of other businesses in the future as rapidly as, or to the extent, anticipated by our management. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully integrate these businesses, products or technologies without substantial expenses, delays or other operational or financial problems. Acquisitions involve a number of risks, some or all which could have a material adverse effect on our acquired businesses, products or technologies. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that these businesses, or any other acquired business, product, or technology will be profitable or achieve anticipated revenues and income. Our failure to manage our acquisition and integration strategy successfully could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The process of integrating an acquired business involves risks, including but not limited to: 
 demands on management related to changes in the size and possible locations of our businesses and employees; 

diversion of management s attention from the management of daily operations; 

difficulties in the assimilation of different corporate cultures, employees and business practices; 

difficulties in conforming the acquired businesses accounting policies to ours; 

retaining the loyalty and business of the employees or customers of acquired businesses; 

retaining employees that may be vital to the integration of acquired businesses or to the future prospects of the combined businesses; 

difficulties and unanticipated expenses related to the integration of departments and information technology systems, including accounting systems, technologies, books and records, procedures, and maintaining uniform standards, such as internal accounting controls, procedures, and policies; 

costs and expenses associated with any undisclosed or potential liabilities; 

the use of more cash or other financial resources on integration and implementation activities than we expect; and 

our ability to avoid labor disruptions in connection with any integration, particularly in connection with any headcount reduction. 

Failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses may result in reduced levels of anticipated revenue, earnings, or operating efficiency than might have been achieved if we had not acquired such businesses. 
 In addition, acquisitions could result in the incurrence of additional debt and related interest expense, contingent liabilities, and amortization expenses related to intangible assets, as well as the issuance of our common stock, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results, and cash flow. 
 Perceptions that long-range hailing devices are unsafe or may be used in an abusive manner may hurt sales of our products, which could cause our revenues to decline. 
 Potential customers for our products, including government, military, and emergency response agencies, may be influenced by claims or perceptions that long-range hailing devices are unsafe or may be used in an abusive manner. These claims or perceptions, which we believe are unsubstantiated, could reduce our product sales. 
 18 

A significant portion of our revenue is derived from our core product category. 
 We are dependent on our core directional product category to generate our revenues. While we have expanded our product offering to include omnidirectional products and SaaS systems and solutions, no assurance can be given that our core directional products will continue to have market acceptance or that they will maintain their historical levels of sales. The loss or reduction of sales of this product category could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 
 We may not successfully penetrate the mass notification market. 
 The mass notification market is substantial and projected to grow globally over the next five years. While there are several large companies already established in this market, we believe our unique SaaS systems and solutions, the clear, intelligible voice capability of our Genasys speaker products, and our unified software/hardware platform provide us with competitive advantages. Based on the increase in global public safety and enterprise threats, we continue to invest in marketing, selling, and software development resources to become successful in this growing market. However, we are competing against established competitors that have greater resources and have successfully penetrated the market. 
 Our margins could be impacted as we expand into the emergency response and mass notification market. 
 Our sales strategy for fiscal year 2025 and beyond is to increase our share of the growing emergency response and mass notification market with our Protective Communications solutions. A number of large companies currently have a substantial share of the market. While we believe we have a strong product platform that can successfully compete against these larger players, given the highly competitive environment, we expect to confront pricing pressures, which may negatively impact our overall margins. 
 We may incur significant and unpredictable warranty costs. 
 Our products are substantially different from proven, mass produced sound transducer designs and are often employed in harsh environments. We may incur substantial and unpredictable warranty costs from post-production product or component failures. We generally warrant our products to be free from defects in materials and workmanship for a period up to one year from the date of purchase. We also sell extended repair and maintenance contracts with terms ranging from one to several years, which provide repair and maintenance services after expiration of the original limited warranty. As of September 30, 2024, we had a warranty reserve of 76 thousand. While our warranty experience with our product line has been favorable, as we build more complexity into the product, and as we expand our supplier base, issues could arise that could affect future warranty costs, which could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and business prospects. 
 System disruptions and security threats to our computer networks, including breach of our or our customers confidential information, could have a material adverse effect on our business and our reputation . 
 Our computer systems as well as those of our service providers are vulnerable to interruption, malfunction or damage due to events beyond our control, including malicious human acts committed by foreign or domestic persons, natural disasters, and network and communications failures. We periodically perform vulnerability self-assessments and engage service providers to perform independent vulnerability assessments and penetration tests. However, despite network security measures, our servers and the servers at our service providers are potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic unauthorized access, computer hackers, computer viruses, malicious code, organized cyberattacks, and other security problems and system disruptions. Increasing socioeconomic and political instability in some countries has heightened these risks. Despite the precautions we and our service providers have taken, our systems may still be vulnerable to these threats. A user who circumvents security measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions or malfunctions in operations. 
 Additionally, the confidential information that we collect subjects us to additional risks and costs that could harm our business and our reputation. We collect, retain, and use personal information of our employees, including personally identifiable information, tax return information, financial data, bank account information, and other data. Although we employ various network and business security measures to limit access to and use of such personal information, we cannot guarantee that a third party will not circumvent such security measures, resulting in the breach, loss or theft of the personal information of our employees. Possession and use of personal information in our operations also subjects us to legislative and regulatory burdens that could restrict our use of personal information and require notification of data breaches. A violation of any laws or regulations relating to the collection, retention or use of personal information could also result in the imposition of fines or lawsuits against us. 
 Sustained or repeated system failures or security breaches that interrupt our ability to process information in a timely manner, or that result in a breach of proprietary or personal information, could have a material adverse effect on our operations and our reputation. Although we maintain insurance in respect of these types of events, available insurance proceeds may not be adequate to compensate us for damages sustained due to these events. 
 19 

We could incur additional charges for excess and obsolete inventory. 
 While we strive to effectively manage our inventory, rapidly changing technology and uneven customer demand may result in short product cycles. The value of our inventory may be adversely affected by changes in technology that affect our ability to sell the products in our inventory. If we do not effectively forecast and manage our inventory, we may need to write off inventory as excess or obsolete, which in turn can adversely affect cost of sales and gross profit. 
 We have previously experienced, and may in the future experience, reductions in sales of older generation products as customers delay or defer purchases in anticipation of new product introductions. We have established reserves for slow moving or obsolete inventory of 0.8 million as of September 30, 2024. The reserves we have established for potential losses due to obsolete inventory may, however, prove to be inadequate and may give rise to additional charges for obsolete or excess inventory. 
 Many potential competitors who have greater resources and experience than we do may develop products and technologies that make ours obsolete or inferior. 
 Technological competition from larger, more established electronic and loudspeaker manufacturers and software providers is expected to increase. Most of the companies with which we expect to compete have substantially greater capital resources, research and development staffs, marketing and distribution programs, and facilities, and many of them have substantially greater experience in the production and marketing of products. In addition, one or more of our competitors may have developed, or may succeed in developing, technologies and products that are more effective than ours, rendering our technology and products obsolete or noncompetitive. 
 Adverse resolution of disputes, litigation, and claims may harm our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 We may become a party to litigation, disputes, and claims in the normal course of our business. Litigation is uncertain and unpredictable and there can be no assurance that the ultimate resolution of such claims will not exceed the amounts accrued for such claims, if any. Litigation can be expensive, lengthy, and disruptive to normal business operations. An unfavorable resolution of a legal matter could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 Our competitive position will be seriously damaged if we cannot protect intellectual property rights and trade secrets in our technology. 
 We rely on a combination of contracts, trademarks, and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary rights in our technology. However, we may not be able to prevent misappropriation of our intellectual property, and our competitors may be able to independently develop competing technologies, or the agreements we enter into may not be enforceable. A competitor may independently develop or patent technologies that are substantially equivalent to, or superior to, our technology. If this happens, our competitive position could be significantly harmed. 
 We may face personal injury and other liability claims that harm our reputation and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition . 
 While our products have been engineered to reduce the risk of damage to human hearing or human health, we could be exposed to claims of hearing damage if the product is not properly operated. A person injured in connection with the use of our products may bring legal action against us to recover damages on the basis of theories, including personal injury, negligent design, dangerous product or inadequate warning. We may also be subject to lawsuits involving allegations of misuse of our products. Our product liability insurance coverage may be insufficient to pay all such claims. Product liability insurance may also become too costly for us or may become unavailable to us in the future. We may not have sufficient resources to satisfy any product liability claims not covered by insurance, which would materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Significant litigation could also result in negative publicity and a diversion of management s attention and resources. 
 Our international operations could be harmed by factors including political instability, natural disasters, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and changes in regulations that govern international transactions. 
 We sell our products worldwide. In fiscal years 2024 and 2023, revenues outside of the U.S. accounted for approximately 30 and 22 of net revenues, respectively. The risks inherent in international trade may reduce our international sales and harm our business and the businesses of our customers and our suppliers. These risks include: 
 changes in tariff regulations; 

political instability, war, terrorism, and other political risks; 

foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

establishing and maintaining relationships with local distributors and dealers; 

20 

lengthy shipping times and accounts receivable payment cycles; 

import and export control and licensing requirements, particularly in connection with sales and licensing to foreign governments and other customers; 

compliance with a variety of U.S. laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, by us or key subcontractors; 

compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations, including unexpected changes in taxation and regulatory requirements; 

greater difficulty in safeguarding our technology, proprietary data, and intellectual property in international jurisdictions than in the U.S.; and 

difficulty in staffing and managing geographically diverse operations. 

These and other risks may preclude or curtail international sales or increase the relative price of our products compared to those manufactured in other countries, reducing the demand for our products. Failure to comply with U.S. and foreign governmental laws and regulations applicable to international business, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or U.S. export control regulations, could have an adverse impact on our business with the U.S. and foreign governments. 
 Current environmental laws, or laws enacted in the future, may harm our business. 
 Our operations are subject to environmental regulation in areas in which we conduct business. Our product design and procurement operations must comply with new and future requirements relating to the materials composition of our products, including restrictions on lead, cadmium, and other substances. We do not expect that the impact of these environmental laws and other similar legislation adopted in the U.S. and other countries will have a substantial unfavorable impact on our business. However, the costs and timing of costs under environmental laws are difficult to predict. 
 Errors or defects contained in our products, failure to comply with applicable safety standards or a product recall could result in delayed shipments or rejection of our products, damage to our reputation, and expose us to regulatory or other legal action. 
 Any defects or errors in the operation of our products may result in delays in their introduction. In addition, errors or defects may be uncovered after commercial shipments have begun, which could result in the rejection of our products by our customers, damage to our reputation, lost sales, diverted development resources, and increased customer service and support costs and warranty claims, any of which could harm our business. Third parties could sustain injuries from our products, and we may be subject to claims or lawsuits resulting from such injuries. There is a risk that these claims or liabilities may exceed, or fall outside the scope of, our insurance coverage. We may also be unable to obtain adequate liability insurance in the future. Because we are a smaller company, a product recall would be particularly harmful to us because we have limited financial and administrative resources to effectively manage a product recall, and it would detract management s attention from implementing our core business strategies. A significant product defect or product recall could materially and adversely affect our brand image, causing a decline in our sales, and could reduce or deplete our financial resources. 
 Costs associated with our multi-year maintenance contract with a foreign military customer could be higher than expected. 
 We are obligated under a five-year repair and maintenance agreement with a foreign military. We have contracted with a third-party service provider to administer the required services under the terms of the maintenance agreement. The revenue from the maintenance agreement with our customer is fixed and paid annually upon completion of each year through May 2024. It is possible that the cost to repair and maintain the products and the cost to contract with our third-party service provider could exceed the revenue generated by the maintenance agreement. 
 We rely on outside manufacturers and suppliers to provide a large number of components and sub-assemblies incorporated in our products, and the ability of these manufacturers and suppliers to deliver components to our manufacturing facilities, and our ability to manufacture without disruption, could affect our results of operations. 
 Our products are made from a wide range of materials and have a large number of components and sub-assemblies (including semiconductors and other electronic components) produced by numerous outside suppliers around the world. Because not all of our supply arrangements provide for guaranteed supply and some key parts may be available only from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers, we are subject to supply and pricing risk. Our operations and those of our suppliers are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, including pandemic related supplier plant shutdowns or slowdowns, transportation delays, work stoppages, labor relations, labor shortages, price inflation, governmental regulatory and enforcement actions, intellectual property claims against suppliers, financial issues such as supplier bankruptcy, information technology failures, and hazards such as fire, earthquakes, flooding, or other natural disasters. For example, we expect to continue to be impacted by the following supply chain issues, due to economic, political and other factors largely beyond our control: increased input material costs and component shortages; supply chain disruptions and delays 
 21 

and cost inflation, all of which could continue or escalate in the future. The effects of climate change, including extreme weather events, long-term changes in temperature levels, water availability, increased cost for decarbonizing process heating, supply costs impacted by increasing energy costs, or energy costs impacted by carbon prices or offsets may exacerbate these risks. If these disruptions occur, or if we experience quality problems with suppliers, then our production schedules could be significantly delayed or costs significantly increased, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, and financial position. 
 Although we assemble our products internally, we have some sub-assemblies and components produced by third party manufacturers. We may be required to outsource manufacturing if sales of our products increase significantly. We may be unable to obtain acceptable manufacturing sources on a timely basis. In addition, from time to time we may change manufacturers and any new manufacturer engaged by us may not perform as expected. An extended interruption in the supply of our products could result in a substantial loss of sales. Furthermore, any actual or perceived degradation of product quality as a result of our reliance on third party manufacturers may have an adverse effect on sales or result in increased warranty costs, product returns, and buybacks. Failure to maintain quality manufacturing could reduce future revenues, adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Material supply disruptions and delays in deliveries, along with other factors such as price inflation, can also result in increased pricing. While many of our customers permit quarterly or other periodic adjustments to pricing based on changes in component prices and other factors, we may bear the risk of price increases that occur between any such repricing or, if such repricing is not permitted, during the balance of the term of the particular customer contract. 
 We derive revenue from government contracts and subcontracts, which are often non-standard, may involve competitive bidding, may be subject to cancellation with or without penalty, and may produce volatility in earnings and revenue . 
 Our sales to government customers have involved, and are expected in the future to involve, providing products and services under contracts or subcontracts with U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign government agencies. Obtaining contracts and subcontracts from government agencies is challenging, and contracts often include provisions that are not standard in private commercial transactions. For example, government contracts may: 
 include provisions that allow the government agency to terminate the contract without penalty under some circumstances; 

be subject to purchasing decisions of agencies that are subject to political influence; 

contain onerous procurement procedures; and 

be subject to cancellation if government funding becomes unavailable. 

Securing government contracts can be a protracted process involving competitive bidding. In many cases, unsuccessful bidders may challenge contract awards, which can lead to increased costs, delays, and possible loss of the contract for the winning bidder. 
 Our success is dependent on the performance of our executive team, and the cooperation, performance, and retention of our executive officers and key employees. 
 Our business and operations are substantially dependent on the performance of our current executive team including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer. We do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our executive officers. The loss of one or several key employees could seriously harm our business. We cannot ensure that employees will not leave and subsequently compete against us. 
 We are also dependent on our ability to retain and motivate high quality personnel, especially sales and skilled engineering personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, and we may not be able to attract, assimilate or retain other highly qualified managerial, sales, and technical personnel in the future. The inability to attract and retain the necessary managerial, sales and technical personnel could cause our business, operating results or financial condition to suffer. 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Statements and Operating Results 
 We do not have the ability to accurately predict future operating results. Our quarterly and annual revenues are likely to fluctuate significantly due to many factors, most of which are beyond our control and could result in our failure to achieve our revenue expectations. 
 We expect our proprietary acoustic products, software products, and integrated solutions will be the source of substantially all our revenues for at least the near future. Revenues from these products and solutions are expected to vary significantly due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Any one or more of the factors listed below or other factors could cause us to fail to achieve our revenue expectations. These factors include: 
 22 

our ability to develop and supply sound reproduction components to customers, distributors or original equipment manufacturers OEMs or to license our technologies; 

market acceptance of and changes in demand for our products or products of our customers; 

gains or losses of significant customers, distributors or strategic relationships; 

unpredictable volume and timing of customer orders; 

delays in funding approval by U.S. and foreign government and military customers; 

the availability, pricing, and timeliness of delivery of components for our products and OEM products; 

fluctuations in the availability of manufacturing capacity or manufacturing yields and related manufacturing costs; 

the timing of new technological advances, product announcements or introductions by us, by OEMs or licensees, and by our competitors; 

production delays by customers, distributors, OEMs, or by us or our suppliers; 

increased competition in this market; 

the conditions of other industries, such as military and commercial industries, into which our technologies may be sold; 

general electronics industry conditions, including changes in demand and associated effects on inventory and inventory practices; 

general economic conditions that could affect the timing of customer orders and capital spending and result in order cancellations or rescheduling; and 

general political conditions in this country and in various other parts of the world that could affect spending for the products that we offer. 

Some or all of these factors could adversely affect demand for our products or technologies, and therefore adversely affect our future operating results. 
 Most of our operating expenses are relatively fixed in the short term. We may be unable to rapidly adjust spending to compensate for any unexpected sales shortfalls, which could harm our quarterly operating results. We do not have the ability to predict future operating results with any certainty. 
 The agreements governing our Term Loan impose financial and operating restrictions on us and any failure to meet our payment or other obligations under our Term Loan could have a material adverse effect on us, including permitting the lenders under our Term Loan to foreclose on, and acquire control of, substantially all of our assets. 
 Our Term Loan imposes, and the terms of any future debt may impose, operating and other restrictions on us. These restrictions could affect, and in many respects limit or prohibit, among other items, our ability to: 
 incur additional indebtedness; 

create liens; 

enter into certain fundamental transactions; 

sell assets; 

change the nature of our business; 

prepay any other indebtedness; 

amend certain of our contracts or governing documents; 

complete a change of control; 

modify our accounting methods; 

make investments; 

enter into transactions with affiliates; 

issue or sell capital stock of certain of our subsidiaries; 

enter into consignment or bailee arrangements of our inventory; 

23 

declare or pay dividends or other distributions to stockholders; 

repurchase our common stock or other securities; and 

adopt certain benefits plans. 

Our Term Loan also requires us to achieve and maintain compliance with a minimum liquidity covenant. A breach of any of these restrictive covenants or the inability to comply with the financial metrics could result in a default under our Term Loan. Further, our Term Loan is jointly and severally guaranteed by us and certain of our subsidiaries. Borrowings under our Term Loan are secured by liens on substantially all of our assets, including the capital stock of certain of our subsidiaries, and the assets of our subsidiaries that are loan party guarantors. If we are unable to repay outstanding borrowings when due or comply with other obligations and covenants under our Term Loan, the lenders under our Term Loan will have the right to proceed against these pledged capital stock and take control of substantially all of our assets. 
 Our cash requirements may require us to seek additional debt or equity financing and we may not be able to obtain such financing on favorable terms, or at all. 
 Our Term Loan may not be sufficient for our future working capital, investments and cash requirements, in which case we would need to seek additional debt or equity financing or scale back our operations. In addition, we may need to seek additional financing to achieve and maintain compliance with specified financial criteria under our Term Loan. We may not be able to access additional capital resources due to a variety of reasons, including the restrictive covenants in our Term Loan and the lack of available capital due to global economic conditions. If our financing requirements are not met and we are unable to access additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, our business, financial condition, operating results, and future growth prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our indebtedness could expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate debt. 
 Our Term Loan provides for interest to be calculated based on the prime rate, the federal funds rate and/or the secured overnight financing rate. While the Federal Reserve decreased interest rates in 2024 any future increases in interest rates on which our Term Loan interest rates are based would increase interest rates on our debt, which could materially adversely impact our interest expense, operating results and cash flows. 
 Changes in laws or regulations or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement could adversely impact our financial performance and restrict our ability to operate our business or execute our strategies. 
 New laws, regulations, and standards, or changes in existing laws or regulations or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement, could increase our cost of doing business and restrict our ability to operate our business or execute our strategies. 
 We continually evaluate and monitor developments with respect to new and proposed rules and cannot predict or estimate the amount of the additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. These new or changed laws, regulations, and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all acts of fraud. 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management and is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Our management expects that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, they cannot provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been prevented or detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by an unauthorized override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and we cannot assure that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in a cost effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 24 

Failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could harm stockholders and business confidence in our financial reporting, our ability to obtain financing, and other aspects of our business . 
 Maintaining an effective system of internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC require us to include in our Form 10-K a report by management regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The report includes, among other things, an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the respective fiscal year, including a statement as to whether or not our internal control over financial reporting is effective. This assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting identified by management. While our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2024, it is possible that material weaknesses will be identified in the future. In addition, components of our internal control over financial reporting may require improvement from time to time. If management is unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective in any future period, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on the Company s stock price. 
 Risks Related to Our Capital Stock 
 Sales of common stock issuable on the exercise of outstanding options and warrants, may depress the price of our common stock. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had outstanding options granted to our employees, consultants, advisors, and directors to purchase 3,695,740 shares of our common stock and we had 288,059 restricted stock units outstanding. As of September 30, 2024, the exercise prices for the options ranged from 1.70 to 6.87 per share. We also have outstanding warrants to purchase 3,068,182 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 2.53, which warrants will expire May 14, 2029. The issuance of shares of common stock upon the exercise of outstanding options and warrants and the release of outstanding restricted stock units could cause substantial dilution to holders of our common stock, and the sale of those shares in the market could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. The potential dilution from these shares could negatively affect the terms on which we could obtain equity financing. 
 Our stock price is volatile and may continue to be volatile in the future. 
 The market price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly to date. In the future, the market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations due to general market conditions and in response to quarter-to-quarter variations in: 
 our anticipated or actual operating results; 

developments concerning our software and sound reproduction technologies; 

technological innovations or setbacks by us or our competitors; 

announcements of merger or acquisition transactions; 

changes in personnel within our company; and 

other events or factors and general economic and market conditions. 

The stock market in recent years has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies, and that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies. 
 Our common stock is thinly traded; therefore, our stock price may fluctuate more than the stock market as a whole and it may be difficult to sell large numbers of our shares at prevailing trading prices. 
 As a result of the thin trading market for shares of our common stock, our stock price may fluctuate significantly more than the stock market as a whole or the stock prices of similar companies. Without a larger public float, shares of our common stock will be less liquid than the shares of common stock of companies with broader public ownership, and as a result, it may be difficult for investors to sell the number of shares they desire at an acceptable price. Trading of a relatively small volume of shares of our common stock may have a greater effect on the trading price than would be the case if our public float were larger. We cannot assure you that an active trading market for our common stock will develop or, if developed, that any market will be sustained. Accordingly, we cannot assure you of the likelihood that an active trading market for our common stock will develop or be maintained, your ability to sell your shares of our common stock when desired or the prices that you may obtain for your shares. 
 We may issue preferred stock in the future, and the terms of the preferred stock may reduce the value of your common stock. 
 We are authorized to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series. Our board of directors may determine the terms of future preferred stock offerings without further action by our stockholders. If we issue preferred stock, it could affect the rights or reduce the value of our common stock. In particular, specific rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used to 
 25 

restrict our ability to merge with or sell our assets to a third party. These terms may include voting rights, preferences as to dividends and liquidation, conversion and redemption rights, and sinking fund provisions. 
 Item 1B. Unres olved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 
 Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 
 At Genasys, cybersecurity risk management is integrated into our overall risk management program through regular internal risk assessments and continuous monitoring. Under the leadership of the Information Technology IT Director, IT developed, implemented, and maintain a broad range of processes and protocols designed to monitor, identify, mitigate, and prevent material risks associated with cybersecurity threats and incidents relevant to internal networks, business applications, customer-facing applications, customer payment systems, and business operations. Our protocols include a third-party provided 24/7 Security Operations Center (SOC), which is designed to oversee our Endpoint Detection and Response (EDR) system and a robust Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) system that aggregates logs for real-time threat detection. 
 Our cybersecurity risk management program applies information and direction from industry-recognized cybersecurity frameworks, including the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework 2.0 (CSF), specifically the NIST 800-171, the Department of Defense Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) Level 2, Sarbanes Oxley (SOX), and Services Organization Controls (SOC) 2. Third-party risk is managed through vendor assessments and SOC 2 report requests, designed to ensure that our partners adhere to strict cybersecurity standards. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, we have not identified and are not aware of any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents, which have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Despite our security measures, however, there can be no assurance that we, or third parties with which we interact, will not experience a cybersecurity incident in the future that will materially affect us. See Risk Factors Actual or perceived failures or breaches of our information and security systems, or those of our customers, suppliers or business partners, could expose us to losses. 
 Cybersecurity Governance 
 Board Oversight 
 Our Board of Directors considers cybersecurity risk as critical to the enterprise and includes it as part of the full Board s oversight function. The full Board is updated on cybersecurity risks and compliance with relevant standards and regulations as part of its overall governance responsibilities, including quarterly Board meeting reports. Our Director of IT, who is responsible for the oversight and implementation of the cybersecurity program, also periodically makes presentations to Board members on cybersecurity topics as part of the Board s continuing education on topics that impact our company. Additionally, we have an escalation process to inform the Board of high-severity cybersecurity incidents that may occur. Our Board also periodically engages independent third-party technology experts to test our information technology systems, including cybersecurity. 
 Management Role 
 The Director of IT leads the day-to-day management of cybersecurity at Genasys, supported by a team of three IT professionals with a combined 45 years of IT and cybersecurity experience. This team handles ongoing risk assessments, manages threat detection through our SOC and Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), ensures compliance with industry regulations, and informs executive management about ongoing efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate, and remediate cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means. This may include briefings from internal security personnel; sharing publicly or privately available threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public or private sources, including external consultants engaged by us; and forwarding alerts and reports produced by network monitoring and security tools we deploy. Management also ensures that employees and contractors undergo quarterly cybersecurity training and phishing simulations via KnowBe4, as part of a comprehensive awareness program. 
 Item 2. Prop erties 
 Our executive offices, sales, research and development and production facilities are located at 16262 West Bernardo Drive, San Diego, California. The lease of 55,766 square feet commenced July 1, 2018 and expires August 31, 2028. The aggregate monthly 
 26 

payments, with abatements, are 84 thousand, 86 thousand, 89 thousand, 92 thousand and 94 thousand per month for the sixth through tenth years of the lease, respectively, plus other certain costs and charges as specified in the lease agreement, including the Company s proportionate share of the building operating expenses and real estate taxes. 
 Item 3. Legal P roceedings 
 We may at times be involved in litigation in the ordinary course of business. We will also, from time to time, when appropriate in management s estimation, record adequate reserves in our financial statements for pending litigation. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 27 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded and quoted on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol GNSS. 
 
 Holders 
 We had 44,928,967 shares issued and outstanding held by 910 holders of record of our common stock as of December 4, 2024. 
 Dividends 
 There were no dividends declared or paid during the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The declaration of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on the Company s earnings, if any, capital requirements and financial position, general economic conditions and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the near future. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 In December 2022, the Board of Directors extended the Company s share buyback program through December 31, 2024. Under the program, the Company was authorized to repurchase up to 5 million of its outstanding common shares. 
 There were no shares repurchased during the year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. As of September 30, 2024, all repurchased shares were retired, and 3.0 million was available for share repurchase under this program. 
 Item 6. Res erved 
 28 

Item 7. Management s Discussi on and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The discussion and analysis set forth below should be read in conjunction with the information presented in other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Item 1. Business, Item 1A. Risk Factors, and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. This discussion contains forward-looking statements which are based on our current expectations and industry experience, as well as our perception of historical trends, current market conditions, current economic data, expected future developments, and other factors that we believe are appropriate under the circumstances. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested in the forward-looking statements. 
 Overview 
 We are a global provider of Protective Communications solutions including our Genasys Protect software platform and Genasys LRAD products. Our unified software platform receives information from a wide variety of sensors and IoT inputs to collect real-time information on developing and active emergency situations. Genasys uses this information to create and disseminate alerts, warnings, notifications, and instructions through multiple channels before, during, and after public safety and enterprise threats, critical events, and other crisis situations. 
 Genasys Protect is a comprehensive portfolio of Protective Communications software and hardware systems serving federal governments and agencies; SLED; and enterprise organizations in sectors including, but not limited to, oil and gas, utilities, manufacturing, automotive, and healthcare. Genasys Protect solutions have a diverse range of applications, including emergency warning and mass notification for public safety; critical event management for enterprise companies; de-escalation for defense and law enforcement; critical infrastructure protection; zone-based planning for accelerated, precise emergency response; secure and complaint cross-agency collaboration; and automated detection of real-time threats such as active shooters and severe weather. 
 LRAD products provide audible voice messages with exceptional vocal clarity from close range out to 5,500 meters. We have a history of successfully delivering innovative systems and solutions in mission critical situations, pioneering the AHD market with the introduction of our first LRAD AHD in 2002 and creating the first multidirectional voice-based public safety mass notification systems in 2012. Building on our proven, best in class, and reliable solutions and systems, we offer the first and only unified, end-to-end Protective Communications platform. 
 Our unified Protective Communications platform includes: 
 Software Products 
 The Genasys Protect Platform 
 The Complete Protective Communications Platform 
 The Genasys Protect platform provides a full suite of Protective Communications tools for all hazards, providing targeted emergency communication, data-driven decision making, secure inter-agency collaboration, and more. Genasys Protect enables preparedness, responsiveness, and collaboration to keep people, assets, and operations protected against the impacts of natural disasters, terrorism, violent civil unrest, and other dangerous situations, as well as power failures, facility shutdowns, and other non-emergency operational disruptions. 
 1. Proven Technology: Genasys solutions have been on the front lines for more than 40 years, providing targeted communications designed to ensure the right people get the right message - right away. 

2. Modular Suite: Built on open standards, Genasys software and hardware systems are designed for integration, whether using the full Genasys suite or complementing the notification platforms customers already have in place. 

3. Predictive Simulation: Genasys Protect is designed to permit customers to test response plans preemptively with advanced simulation of evacuation-level events, including fires and floods, and their impact on infrastructure, including traffic patterns and perimeter establishment. 

4. Unified Viewpoint: One common safety operating picture provides real-time visibility into our customers people, assets, and environment by combining first-party data from asset / people-management platforms and IoT sensors with third-party data sources, including FEMA, NOAA, DHS, and more. 

5. Unmatched Precision: Customized zone mapping enables targeting of mass notifications at the street level, making it easier to sequence response areas from most to least critical. 

6. Multichannel: Genasys Protect is designed to allow customers to saturate their notification area by simultaneously alerting people across SMS, voice calls, social media, TV, radio, digital signage, and outdoor acoustic devices. 

29 

7. Network Effect: Implementation in neighboring municipalities and across public- and private-sector organizations within the same municipality extends coverage and enables greater precision when notifying people of threats. 

ALERT 
 ALERT is an interactive, cloud-based SaaS solution that enables SLED and enterprise customers to send critical information to at-risk individuals or groups when an emergency occurs. ALERT acts as both a communications input and output, receiving information from state-of-the-art sensors and emergency services, and quickly relaying notifications, alerts, and instructions to at-risk populations and first responders. ALERT communications with the public can be enhanced via ACOUSTICS, while ALERT communications among first responders and emergency personnel can be augmented and accelerated with CONNECT (formerly Evertel). ALERT customers can create and send critical, verified, and secure notifications and messages that are geographically specific and targeted using emails, voice calls, text messages, panic buttons, desktop alerts, TV, social media, and more. Additionally, Genasys is a certified provider of IPAWS notifications. IPAWS is the federal public notification platform for the United States, which ALERT customers can use to deliver critical communications in multiple languages to specific populations. 
 Similarly, enterprise customers are able to send critical communications to employees, contractors, visitors, or groups based on geographic location or team status. Enterprises often use ALERT to distribute targeted notifications to customers, including billing updates, downtime notices, and more. Operated and controlled via a single dashboard that includes two-way polling, duress buttons, field check-ins and recipient locations, ALERT integrates with various data sources, including sensors, panic buttons, emergency services, active directories, human resources, visitor management, and building control systems to find and deliver safety alerts and notifications to residents, employees, staff, contractors, temporary workers, and visitors. 
 ALERT sends targeted messages based on geographic location, permitting relevant information and instructions to be sent to the appropriate populations. Emergency managers can prepare for natural or man-made disasters by developing evacuation plans that map routes, shelters, traffic control locations, and road closures using ALERT s extensive public safety resources and mapped zones. This information is easily shared with the public and reduces the time it takes to execute emergency evacuations and conduct orderly repopulations. Auto-Discovery, an innovative feature of the platform, locates and connects with anyone on a wired or wireless network in a fixed area with no opt-in required. When discovered, ALERT anonymizes all recipient information and data. When an emergency occurs, these tools allow at-risk groups or individuals to be notified as quickly as possible without sacrificing their privacy. 
 In addition to disseminating alerts and notifications, ALERT uses two-way communication tools, including polls and check-ins to receive feedback for enterprise clients. With direct feedback, operators can survey the safety and status of at-risk individuals, learn of developments, update notifications and/or instructions in response to new information, and more. 
 EVAC 
 EVAC enables responding agencies to react swiftly, make collaborative decisions, and communicate event status in real time to other agencies, businesses, and the public. EVAC determines and communicates the proper scope of a response or evacuation by replacing guesswork with data-driven intelligence. EVAC enhances safety levels for first responders, communities, and large campuses by providing: 
 Intelligent zones to improve evacuation planning and communication. EVAC users can build, edit, and act upon geographical location data, including shelters, facilities, and traffic; 

Modeling behaviors to plan for effective responses and/or evacuation scenarios covering emergencies that include wildfires, floods, active shooters, hurricanes, and more; 

Actionable communication through the Genasys Protect mobile app to keep people informed before, during, and after a critical event; 

A common operating picture across agencies to reduce response times by 90 ; and 

Targeted notifications and updates to community members through a public website and our free Genasys Protect mobile app. 

CONNECT 
 CONNECT is a leading cross-agency, CJIS compliant, collaboration platform that streamlines and secures team and one-on-one communications for first responders and public safety agencies. With real-time intelligence sharing that exceeds regulatory privacy requirements for public agencies, CONNECT s instant collaboration platform empowers first responders and public safety personnel to collaborate and share information in a single space with text, videos, images, and audio from any location. CONNECT provides a secure space where professionals can exchange information, make decisions, and collaborate with trust in data security. Record retention policies drive compliance that allows agencies and personnel to communicate in confidence. 
 30 

Enabling public safety professionals to collaborate with other agencies throughout their region, state, and country, CONNECT provides real-time interoperability to address critical events and crisis situations more quickly through coordinated efforts. Compliant with all federal and state-level legal requirements for public safety communications, CONNECT data is protected and secured through high-level data encryption within a secure, U.S. based, government-only cloud environment. 
 Hardware Products 
 ACOUSTICS 
 ACOUSTICS unites Genasys next generation of mass notification speaker systems with Genasys Protect command-and-control software. Most legacy mass notification systems are sirens with limited, if any, voice broadcast capability. ACOUSTICS systems feature the industry's highest STI, large directional and omni-directional broadcast coverage areas, and an array of options, including solar power, battery backup, and satellite connectivity that enable the systems to continue to operate when power and telecommunications infrastructure goes down. 
 ACOUSTICS gives operators the ability to send critical alerts and notifications from emergency operations centers, and authorized computers or smart phones. ACOUSTICS provides highly audible and clear voice messaging thousands of meters away, staying on and connected even during broad power outages and network downtime. ACOUSTICS are networked, remotely operated devices optimized with Advanced Driver and Waveguide Technology so that voice broadcast are clearly heard and understood above loud background noise and over long distances. ACOUSTICS reliability enables a constant stream of information providing redundancy when key infrastructure fails during critical events. 
 LRAD 
 LRAD is the world s leading AHD, with the ability to project alert tones and audible voice messages with exceptional vocal clarity in a 30 beam from close range to 5,500 meters. LRADs are used throughout the world in multiple applications and circumstances to safely hail, warn, inform, direct, prevent misunderstandings, determine intent, establish large safety zones, resolve uncertain situations, and save lives. LRADs have been deployed in defense, law enforcement, fire rescue, critical infrastructure protection, maritime, border, and homeland security installations and applications where clear, intelligible voice communications are essential. 
 Several LRAD models are available in varying audio outputs, communication coverage areas, sizes, functionalities, and mounting options. Several accessories and options (cameras, searchlights, mounts, and more) are also available to enhance LRAD capabilities. 
 All LRAD products are defined by their unparalleled audio output and clarity. LRADs use Genasys proprietary XL driver technology, which generates higher audio output in a smaller, lighter form factor. The technology also enables voice messages and alert tones to cut through background noise and be clearly heard and understood. These competitive advantages, and constant innovation, have made LRAD the de facto standard of the global AHD industry. 
 Recent Developments 
 Business developments during fiscal year 2024: 
 Completed acquisition of Evertel Technologies, the leading CJIS compliant, cross-agency collaboration platform for public safety, subsequently renamed Genasys CONNECT. 

Received contract from U.S. Army to design and build Common Remote Weapon Station (CROWS) - AHD prototypes, preparatory for the established CROWS AHD program of record. 

Selected by New Hampshire to replace previous mass notification system with Genasys Protect. 

Partnered with Ladris Technologies, Inc., an artificial intelligence software provider, to deliver comprehensive disaster evacuation modeling solutions across North America and Europe. 

Raised 11.5 million from public offering and closed a 15 million two-year senior secured term loan with an institutional investor and issued approximately 3.1 million five-year warrants to the investor 

Announced 2.7 million LRAD products order from the U.S. Navy - as part of the Navy s ongoing replacement of first generation LRADs. 

Landed 4.5 million in additional LRAD orders from Middle East defense forces. 

Awarded order for LRAD 950NXT systems for German Navy F-126 frigates. 

Signed 75 million definitive agreement with the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority to implement Genasys ACOUSTICS and ALERT Emergency Warning System on the island s 37 dams. 

31 

Announced contract from the state of Oregon to power emergency preparedness planning and evacuation management access for the state s 36 counties and 4.2 million residents. 

Expanded Genasys Protect coverage area across 39 states. 

Business Outlook 
 Our products, systems, and solutions continue to gain worldwide awareness and recognition through increased marketing efforts, product demonstrations, and word of mouth as a result of positive responses and increased acceptance. We believe we have a solid global brand, technology, and product foundation, which we continue to expand to serve new markets and customers for greater business growth. We believe we have strong market opportunities for our product offerings throughout the world in the defense, public safety, emergency warning, mass notification, critical event management, enterprise safety, and law enforcement sectors as a result of increasing threats to government, commerce, law enforcement, homeland security, and critical infrastructure. Our products, systems, and solutions also have many applications within the fire rescue, maritime, asset protection, and wildlife control and preservation business segments. 
 Genasys has developed a global market and an increased demand for LRADs and advanced mass notification speakers. We have a reputation for producing quality products that feature industry-leading broadcast area coverage, vocal intelligibility, and product reliability. We intend to continue building on our AHD market leadership position by offering enhanced voice broadcast systems and accessories for an expanding range of applications. In executing our strategy, we use direct sales to governments, militaries, large end-users, system integrators, and prime vendors. We have built a worldwide distribution channel consisting of partners and resellers that have significant expertise and experience selling integrated communication solutions into our various target markets. As our primary AHD sales opportunities are with domestic and international governments, military branches, and law enforcement agencies, we are subject to each customer s unique budget cycle, which leads to long selling cycles and uneven revenue flow, complicating our product planning, and our ability to forecast the timing of sales outcomes which leads to significant fluctuations in our quarterly financial results. 
 The proliferation of natural and man-made disasters, crisis situations, and civil unrest require technologically advanced, multichannel solutions to deliver clear and timely protective communications to help keep people safe during critical events. Businesses are also incorporating protective communication and emergency management systems that locate and help safeguard employees and infrastructure when crises occur. 
 By providing the only SaaS platform that unifies sensors and IoT inputs with multichannel, multiagency alerting and notifications, Genasys seeks to deliver reliable, fast, and intuitive solutions for creating and disseminating geolocation-targeted warnings, information, and instructions before, during, and after public safety and enterprise threats. 
 While the software and hardware mass notification markets are more mature with many established manufacturers and suppliers, we believe that our advanced technology and unified platform provides opportunities to succeed in the large and growing public safety, emergency warning and critical communications markets. 
 In fiscal 2025, we intend to continue pursuing domestic and international business opportunities with the support of business development consultants, key representatives, and resellers. We plan to grow our revenues through increased direct sales to governments and agencies that desire to integrate our communication technologies into their homeland security and public safety systems. This includes building on fiscal 2024 domestic defense sales by pursuing further U.S. military opportunities. We also plan to pursue domestic and international emergency warning, enterprise and critical event management, government, law enforcement, fire rescue, homeland and international security, private and commercial security, border security, maritime security, and wildlife preservation and control business opportunities. In addition to the matters above, we are authorized for the performance of services and provision of goods pursuant to Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 Our research and development strategy involves incorporating further innovations and capabilities into our Genasys Protect platform to meet the needs of our target markets. 
 Our Genasys Protect software solutions are more complex offerings. We are pursuing certain certifications, which are often required when bidding on government and mass notification opportunities. We intend to invest engineering resources to enhance our ALERT, EVAC, and CONNECT software solutions to compete for larger emergency warning and critical communications business opportunities. We are also configuring alternative solutions to achieve lower price points to meet the needs of certain customers or applications. We also engage in ongoing value engineering to reduce the cost and simplify the manufacturing of our products. 
 A large number of LRAD and ACOUSTICS components and sub-assemblies manufactured by outside suppliers within our supply chain are produced within 50 miles of our facility. We do not source component parts from suppliers in China. It is likely that some of our suppliers source parts in China. Negative impacts on our supply chain could have a material adverse effect on our business. We communicate with our suppliers regarding measures to alleviate ongoing worldwide supply chain issues. 
 32 

We have been affected by price increases from our suppliers and logistics and other inflationary factors such as increased salary, labor, and overhead costs. We regularly review and adjust the sales price of our finished goods to offset these inflationary factors. Although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial results through September 30, 2024, sustained or increased inflation in the future may have a negative effect on our ability to achieve certain expectations in gross margin and operating expenses. If we are unable to offset the negative impacts of inflation with increased prices, our future results could be materially affected. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We have identified the policies below as critical to our business operations and to understanding our results of operations. Our accounting policies are more fully described in our consolidated financial statements and related notes located in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The impact and any associated risks related to these policies on our business operations are discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors and throughout Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations when such policies affect our reported and expected financial results. 
 The methods, estimates, and judgments we use in applying our accounting policies, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ), have a significant impact on the results we report in our financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates affect the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. This new revenue recognition model provides a five-step analysis in determining when and how revenue is recognized: 
 1. Identify the contract(s) with customers 

2. Identify the performance obligations 

3. Determine the transaction price 

4. Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations 

5. Recognize revenue when or as the performance obligations have been satisfied 

ASC 606 requires revenue recognition to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration a company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. 
 We derive our revenue from the sale of products and services to customers, contracts, license fees, other services, and freight. We sell our products and services through its direct sales force and through authorized resellers and system integrators. We recognize revenue for goods, including software, when all the significant risks and rewards have been transferred to the customer, no continuing managerial involvement usually associated with ownership of the goods is retained, no effective control over the goods sold is retained, the amount of revenue can be measured reliably, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transactions will flow to the Company, and the costs incurred or to be incurred in respect of the transaction can be measured reliably. Software license revenue, maintenance and/or software development service fees may be bundled in one arrangement or may be sold separately. 
 Product Revenue 
 Product revenue is recognized as a distinct single performance obligation when products are tendered to a carrier for delivery, which represents the point in time that our customer obtains control of the products. A smaller portion of product revenue is recognized when the customer receives delivery of the hardware products. A portion of hardware products are sold through resellers and system integrators based on firm commitments from an end user, and as a result, resellers and system integrators carry little or no inventory. Our customers do not have a right to return hardware product unless the product is found to be defective and therefore our estimate for returns has historically been insignificant. 
 Perpetual licensed software 
 The sale and/or license of software products is deemed to have occurred when a customer either has taken possession of, or has the ability to take immediate possession of, the software and the software key. Perpetual software licenses can include one-year maintenance and support services. In addition, we sell maintenance services on a stand-alone basis and is therefore capable of determining their fair 
 33 

value. On this basis, the amount of the embedded maintenance is separated from the fee for the perpetual license and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the period to which the maintenance relates. 
 Time-based licensed software 
 The time-based license agreements include the use of a software license for a fixed term, generally one-year, and maintenance and support services during the same period. We do not sell time-based licenses without maintenance and support services and therefore revenues for the entire arrangements are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term. 
 Warranty, maintenance, and services 
 We offer extended warranty, maintenance and other services. Extended warranty and maintenance contracts are offered with terms ranging from one to several years, which provide repair and maintenance services after expiration of the original one-year warranty term. Revenues from separately priced extended warranty contracts are recognized on a straight-line basis over the warranty period and maintenance contracts are recognized based on time elapsed over the service period. Revenue from other services such as training or installation is recognized when the service is completed. Warranty, maintenance, and services are classified as contract and other revenues. 
 Multiple performance obligations within an arrangement 
 We have entered into a number of multiple performance obligations within an arrangement, such as when selling a product or perpetual licenses that may include maintenance and support (included in the price of the perpetual licenses) and time-based licenses (that include embedded maintenance and support, both of which may be sold with software development services, training, and other product sales). In some cases, we delivers software development services bundled with the sale of the software. In an arrangement with multiple performance obligations, we allocate the fair value of each element within the arrangement, including software and software-related services such as maintenance and support, using the known stand-alone selling price, or if unknown, an expected cost-plus margin approach to determine the stand-alone selling price. In general, elements in such arrangements are also sold on a stand-alone basis and stand-alone selling prices are observable. 
 Revenue is allocated to each deliverable based on the stand-alone selling price of each individual element and is recognized when the revenue recognition criteria described above are met, except for time-based licenses which are not unbundled. When software development services are performed to customize the functionality of the software, we recognize revenue from the software development services over time using milestones as the measure of progress, and the revenue from the software when the related development services have been completed. 
 We currently disaggregate revenue by reporting segment (Hardware and Software) and geographically to depict the nature of revenue in a manner consistent with our business operations and to be consistent with other communications and public filings. Refer to Note 19, Segment Information and Note 20, Major Customers, Suppliers and Related Information in the consolidated financial statements included in this report for additional details of revenues by reporting segment and disaggregation of revenue. 
 Share-Based Compensation . We account for share-based compensation in accordance with the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards made to employees, consultants, and directors based on estimated fair values. ASC 718 requires the use of subjective assumptions, including expected stock price volatility and the estimated term of each award. We estimate the fair value of stock options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which is generally the vesting period. This model also utilizes the fair value of our common stock and requires that, at the date of grant, we use the expected term of the share-based award, the expected volatility of the price of our common stock over the expected term, the risk-free interest rate, and the expected dividend yield of our common stock to determine the estimated fair value. We determine the amount of share-based compensation expense based on awards that we ultimately expect to vest, reduced for estimated forfeitures. ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts for expected credit losses . Our products are sold to customers in many different markets and geographic locations. We estimate our allowance for doubtful accounts for expected credit losses on a case-by-case basis due to a limited number of customers. We base these estimates on many factors, including customer credit worthiness, past transaction history with the customer, current economic industry trends, and changes in customer payment terms. Our judgments and estimates regarding the collectability of accounts receivable have an impact on our financial statements. We record the adjustment to the allowance for doubtful accounts for expected credit losses in SG A expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 34 

Valuation of Inventory. Our inventory is comprised of raw materials, assemblies, and finished products. We must periodically make judgments and estimates regarding the future utility and carrying value of our inventory. The carrying value of our inventory is periodically reviewed and impairments, if any, are recognized when the expected future benefit from our inventory is less than its carrying value. 
 Valuation of Intangible Assets. Intangible assets consist of technology, customer relationships, and trade name portfolio acquired in the acquisitions of Genasys Spain, Zonehaven, Evertel, and the Amika Mobile asset purchase, and patents and trademarks that are amortized over their estimated useful lives. We must make judgments and estimates regarding the future utility and carrying value of intangible assets. The carrying values of such assets are periodically reviewed and impairments, if any, are recognized when the expected future benefit to be derived from an individual intangible asset is less than its carrying value. This generally occurs when certain assets are no longer consistent with our business strategy and whose expected future value has decreased. 
 Valuation of Goodwill. Goodwill is recorded as the difference, if any, between the aggregate consideration paid for an acquisition and the fair value of the acquired net tangible and intangible assets acquired. We evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis in our fiscal fourth quarter or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a single reporting unit below the carrying amount. We assess qualitative factors in order to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount. The qualitative factors evaluated by management include: macro-economic conditions of the local business environment, overall financial performance, and other entity specific factors as deemed appropriate. If, through this qualitative assessment, the conclusion is made that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit s fair value is less than the carrying amount, a two-step impairment test is performed. For reporting units where we perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the reporting unit s carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value. An impairment loss cannot exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. 
 Accrued Warranty. We establish a warranty reserve based on anticipated warranty claims at the time product revenue is recognized. This reserve requires us to make estimates regarding the amount and costs of warranty repairs we expect to make over a period of time. Factors affecting warranty reserve levels include the number of units sold, anticipated cost of warranty repairs, and anticipated rates of warranty claims. Warranty expense is recorded in cost of revenues. We evaluate the adequacy of this reserve each reporting period. 
 Deferred Tax Asset. We evaluate quarterly the realizability of the deferred tax assets and assess the need for a valuation allowance. We record valuation allowances to reduce our deferred tax assets to an amount that we believe is more likely than not to be realized. Realization is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income prior to expiration of the loss carryforwards. As of September 30, 2024, we not believe that it is more likely than not that its deferred tax assets will be realized; accordingly, a full valuation allowance has been established and no deferred tax asset is shown in the accompanying balance sheet. Utilization of the net operating loss NOL carryforwards in future years could be substantially limited due to restrictions imposed under federal and state laws upon a change in ownership or control. In determining taxable income for financial statement reporting purposes, we must make certain estimates and judgments. These estimates and judgments are applied in the calculation of certain tax liabilities and in the determination of the ability to recover deferred tax assets. We will continue to evaluate the ability to realize its net deferred tax assets on an ongoing basis to identify whether any significant changes in circumstances or assumptions have occurred that could materially affect the ability to realize deferred tax assets and will adjust the valuation accordingly. 
 Fair Value of the Term Loan and Warrant Liabilities. We measure the fair value of the term loan and warrant liabilities at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement . We elected the Fair Value Option (FVO) for its term loan, recording it at fair value upon issuance and remeasuring it at each reporting date. Changes in fair value, including accrued interest, are recognized in other income (expense) on the condensed consolidated statements of operations, with related costs expensed as incurred. Fair value is determined using a discounted cash flow method and Monte Carlo simulation. Warrant liabilities are also recorded at fair value at issuance and remeasured each reporting period, with changes recognized in other income (expense) using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 
 Business Combination. We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recorded at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over those fair values is recorded as goodwill. The determination of fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities involves significant estimates and assumptions, including the use of valuation techniques such as discounted cash flow analyses. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 New pronouncements issued for future implementation are discussed in Note 3, Recent Accounting Pronouncements, to our consolidated financial statements. 
 35 

Segment and Related Information 
 We are engaged in the design, development, and commercialization of critical communications hardware and software solutions designed to alert, inform, and protect people. The Company operates in two business segments: Hardware and Software and its principal markets are North and South America, Europe, Middle East and Asia. As reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision maker, Chief Executive Officer, the Company evaluates the performance of each segment based on sales and operating income. Cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, accounts receivable, inventory, property and equipment, deferred tax assets, goodwill, and intangible assets are primary assets identified by segment. The accounting policies for segment reporting are the same for the Company as a whole and transactions between the two operating segments are eliminated in consolidation. Refer to Note 19, Segment Information, in our consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 Comparison of Results of Operations for Fiscal Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table provides for the periods indicated certain items of our consolidated statements of operations expressed in thousands of dollars and as a percentage of net sales. The financial information and discussion below should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes contained in this Annual Report. 

Years Ended 

September 30, 2024 

September 30, 2023 

of 

of 

Total 

Total 

Fav(Unfav) 

Amount 

Revenue 

Amount 

Revenue 

Amount 

Revenues: 

Product revenue 

14,384 

59.9 

40,128 

86.0 

(25,744) 

(64.2) 

Contract and other 

9,624 

40.1 

6,535 

14.0 

3,089 

47.3 

Total revenues 

24,008 

100.0 

46,663 

100.0 

(22,655) 

(48.6) 

Cost of revenues 

13,819 

57.6 

24,901 

53.4 

11,082 

44.5 

Gross Profit 

10,189 

42.4 

21,762 

46.6 

(11,573) 

(53.2) 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 

27,261 

113.5 

24,621 

52.8 

(2,640) 

(10.7) 

Research and development 

9,644 

40.2 

8,127 

17.4 

(1,517) 

(18.7) 

Total operating expenses 

36,905 

153.7 

32,748 

70.2 

(4,157) 

(12.7) 

Loss from operations 

(26,716) 

(111.3) 

(10,986) 

(23.5) 

(15,730) 

143.2 

Other expense, net 

(5,419) 

(22.6) 

(10) 

(0.0) 

(5,409) 

54,090.0 

Loss before income taxes 

(32,135) 

(133.9) 

(10,996) 

(23.6) 

(21,139) 

192.2 

Income tax (benefit) expense 

(405) 

(1.7) 

7,400 

15.9 

7,805 

105.5 

Net loss 

(31,730) 

(132.2) 

(18,396) 

(39.4) 

(13,334) 

72.5 

Net revenue 

Hardware 

16,668 

69.4 

42,864 

91.9 

(26,196) 

(61.1) 

Software 

7,340 

30.6 

3,799 

8.1 

3,541 

93.2 

Total net revenue 

24,008 

100.0 

46,663 

100.0 

(22,655) 

(48.6) 

US v International Revenue 

US Revenue 

16,888 

70.3 

36,286 

77.8 

(19,398) 

(53.5) 

International Revenue 

7,120 

29.7 

10,377 

22.2 

(3,257) 

(31.4) 

Total 

24,008 

100.0 

46,663 

100.0 

(22,655) 

(48.6) 

Revenues 
 Revenues decreased 22,655 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, compared with fiscal year 2023. Hardware revenue decreased 26,196, partially offset by a 3,541 increase in software revenue compared with the prior fiscal year. Lower hardware revenue was largely due to low backlog at the start of the fiscal year and lower hardware orders during the fiscal year. Fiscal 2023 
 36 

revenue included 21,891 from a U.S. Army program of record. Deliveries against this program of record were completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. As we sell predominantly to federal and state government agencies and the military, the receipt of orders is often uneven due to the timing of government budgets or approvals. The increase in software revenue in this fiscal year is due to growth in SaaS revenue, partially offset by lower professional services revenue on software contracts. As of September 30, 2024, we had aggregate deferred revenue and prepayments from customers in advance of product shipment of 5,618. The receipt of orders will often be uneven due to the timing of customers approval or budget cycles. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit for the year ended September 30, 2024 decreased 11,573, compared with fiscal year 2023. The decrease in gross profit was due to lower hardware revenue and related reduced overhead absorption partially offset by higher margin software in fiscal 2024. Gross margin as a percentage of sales was 42.4 in fiscal year 2024, compared with 46.6 in the prior year. 
 Our products have varying gross margins and product mix may affect gross profits. In addition, our margins vary based on the sales channels through which our products are sold in a given period. We continue to implement product updates and changes, including raw material and component changes that may impact product costs. With such product updates and changes we have limited warranty cost experience and estimated future warranty costs can impact our gross margins. We do not believe that historical gross profit margins should be relied upon as an indicator of future gross profit margins. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 2,640, or 10.7 . The increase was due to a net 1,628 increase in professional services representing a 2,311 increase in legal expenses largely incurred for litigation to protect intellectual property rights and the acquisition of Evertel, offset by a 830 decrease in professional services expenses, largely marketing related, compared to the prior year, an increase of 465 in compensation expense primarily from the addition of Evertel, and 379 increase in amortization expense from the Evertel acquisition. 
 We incurred non-cash share-based compensation expenses allocated to selling, general and administrative expenses of 1,378 and 1,428 for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 We may expend additional resources on the marketing and selling of our products in future periods as we identify ways to optimize potential business opportunities. Commission expense will fluctuate based on the nature of our sales. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 R D expenses increased by 1,517, or 18.7 , due to an increase in engineers compared with the prior year period, including the addition of Evertel software development activities. 
 We incurred non-cash share-based compensation expenses allocated to research and development expenses of 207 and 103 for the fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Other Expense, net 
 Other expense, net, increased by 5,409. This expense in the current fiscal year included 1,121 of professional service expenses related to the 15,000 secured term loan agreement entered in May 2024 Term Loan ), 602 of interest expense from the Term Loan, and 3,950 from the net change in fair value of the Term Loan and related warrants, partially offset by 237 of interest income. 
 Net Loss 
 The net loss of 31,730 for fiscal 2024 was an increase of 13,334 compared with the net loss of 18,396 in fiscal year 2023. 
 Other Metrics 
 We monitor a number of financial and operating metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans and make strategic decisions, including the following key metrics. Our other business metrics may be calculated in a manner different than similar other business metrics used by other companies (in thousands): 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA represents our net income before other income, net, income tax expense (benefit), depreciation and amortization expense, share-based compensation and goodwill impairment. We do not consider these items to be indicative of our core 
 37 

operating performance. The items that are non-cash include depreciation and amortization expense and share-based compensation. Adjusted EBITDA is a measure used by management to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends and to generate future operating plans, make strategic decisions regarding allocation of capital, and invest in initiatives that are focused on cultivating new markets for our solutions. In particular, the exclusion of certain expenses in calculating adjusted EBITDA facilitates comparisons of our operating performance on a period-to-period basis. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We believe that adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors. Nevertheless, use of adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Some of these limitations are: (1) although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the intangible assets that are amortized and property and equipment that is depreciated, will need to be replaced in the future, and adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacement or for new capital expenditure requirements; (2) adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; (3) adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the potentially dilutive impact of equity-based compensation; (4) adjusted EBITDA does not reflect tax payments or receipts that may represent a reduction or increase in cash available to us; and (5) other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate adjusted EBITDA or similarly titled measures differently, which reduces the usefulness of the metric as a comparative measure. Because of these and other limitations, you should consider adjusted EBITDA alongside our other U.S. GAAP-based financial performance measures, net income, and our other U.S. GAAP financial results. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to net income, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure, for each of the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Years ended 

September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Net loss 

(31,730) 

(18,396) 

Other expense, net 

5,419 

10 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

(405) 

7,400 

Depreciation and amortization 

2,929 

2,558 

Share-based compensation 

1,652 

1,642 

Adjusted EBITDA 

(22,135) 

(6,786) 

Segment Results 
 Segment results include net sales and operating income by segment. Corporate expenses, including various administrative expenses and costs of a publicly traded company, are included in the Hardware segment as per historical financial reporting. 

Software 

Hardware 

Years ended 

Years ended 

September 30, 

Fav (Unfav) 

September 30, 

Fav (Unfav) 

2024 

2023 

2024 

2023 

Revenue 

7,340 

3,799 

3,541 

93.2 

16,668 

42,864 

(26,196) 

(61.1) 

Operating (loss) income 

(14,898) 

(14,226) 

(672) 

4.7 

(11,818) 

3,240 

(15,058) 

(464.8) 

Reconciliation of U.S. GAAP to Non-GAAP 

Depreciation and amortization 

2,535 

2,160 

375 

17.4 

394 

398 

(4) 

(1.0) 

Share-based compensation 

487 

333 

154 

46.2 

1,165 

1,309 

(144) 

(11.0) 

Adjusted EBITDA 

(11,876) 

(11,733) 

(143) 

1.2 

(10,259) 

4,947 

(15,206) 

(307.4) 

Software Segment 
 Software segment revenue increased 3,541, or 93.2 , compared to the prior fiscal year. This reflects a 114.4 increase in recurring revenue, which is the expected yearly revenue from the subscription-based service, offset by a 20.4 decrease in professional services and licensing revenue compared with the prior fiscal year. 
 Operating loss increased 672 in the current fiscal year due to the addition of Evertel operating expense, including amortization expense, and higher commission expense directly related to higher software revenue in the current year. 
 38 

Hardware Segment 
 Hardware segment revenue decreased 26,196, or 61.1 , compared to the prior fiscal year. The decrease was largely due to the completion in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 of a U.S. Army program of record from which 21,891 of hardware revenue was recognized in fiscal 2023. A new, similar sized program has been included as part of the Department of Defense fiscal year 2024 authorization. In addition, the backlog entering fiscal 2024 was lower than entering fiscal 2023. 
 Operating loss was 11,818 in fiscal year 2024, compared to operating income of 3,240 in fiscal year 2023, due to decreased revenue, lower gross profit, and increased professional services expenses compared with the prior fiscal year. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 were 4,945, compared with 8,665 as of September 30, 2023. In addition, we had 7,945 in short-term marketable securities as of September 30, 2024, compared with 1,481 as of September 30, 2023. We had 249 in long-term marketable securities as of September 30, 2024, compared with no long-term marketable securities as of September 30, 2023. We also had restricted cash of 345 as of September 30, 2024 and 854 as of September 30, 2023. On October 4, 2023, we completed an underwritten public offering of 5,750,000 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of 2.00 per share. We received gross proceeds of approximately 11,500 from the offering, before underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses of 1,051. We have used the net proceeds of the offering for general corporate purposes, including funding organic growth, working capital, capital expenditures, and continued research and development with respect to products and technologies, as well as costs related to post-closing integration with our business and research and development activities related to the integrated business. Other than cash, proceeds from the underwritten public offering, and expected future cash flows from operating activities in subsequent periods, we have no other unused sources of liquidity at this time. 
 Loan Agreement 
 On May 13, 2024, we entered into a term loan and security agreement, pursuant to which we received gross proceeds of 15,000, before generating professional expenses of 1,121 related to the Term Loan. The principal of the Term Loan is 15,000 and is payable upon maturity on May 13, 2026. We are required to make quarterly interest payments on the Term Loan, and may elect to pay quarterly interest on the Term Loan based on the three-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus five percent (5 in cash or we may elect to pay interest based on the three-month SOFR plus six percent (6 with 50 paid in cash and the remainder paid by issuing shares of our common stock. We may voluntarily redeem the Term Loan within one year of the issuance at 101 of the principal amount and after one year at par value. The Term Loan includes financial covenants and contains other customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. All obligations under the Term Loan are secured by substantially all of our assets. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all financial and reporting covenants of the Term Loan and we paid all interest in cash through September 30, 2024. 
 Principal factors that could affect the availability of our internally generated funds include: 
 ability to meet sales projections; 

government spending levels; 

introduction of competing technologies; 

product mix and effect on margins; 

ability to reduce and manage inventory levels; and 

product acceptance in new markets. 

Principal factors that could affect our ability to obtain cash from external sources include: 
 volatility in the capital markets; and 

market price and trading volume of our common stock. 

In December 2018, the Board of Directors approved a share buyback program beginning January 1, 2019, under which the Company is authorized to repurchase up to 5,000 of its outstanding common shares. In December 2022, the Board of Directors extended the Company s share buyback program through December 31, 2024. Based on our current cash position, our order backlog, and assuming the accuracy of our currently planned revenues and expenditures, we believe we have sufficient capital to fund planned levels of operations for at least the next twelve months. However, we operate in a rapidly evolving and often unpredictable business environment that may change the timing or amount of expected future cash receipts and expenditures. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we may not be required to raise additional funds through the sale of equity or debt securities or from credit facilities. Additional capital, if needed, may not be available on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
 39 

Cash Flows 
 Our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in the consolidated statements of cash flows, are summarized in the table below (in thousands): 

Years ended 

September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 

(19,454) 

(9,593) 

Investing activities 

(8,666) 

5,538 

Financing activities 

23,873 

(114) 

Operating Activities 
 During the year ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was 19,454, primarily resulting from net loss of 31,730, offset by a net cash increase from changes in our operating assets and liabilities of 3,408 and non-cash expenses of 8,868. Net cash increase from changes in our operating assets and liabilities, consisted primarily of a 2,819 decrease in accounts receivable due to decreased hardware sales, a 2,235 increase in accounts payable related to procurement for increased 2025 sales projection, and a 442 increase in accrued and other liabilities, which included customer deposits, accrued payroll, deferred revenue, and operating lease liabilities, partially offset by a 1,272 increase in prepaid expenses and other, which includes deposits paid on inventory purchases, prepaid rent and prepaid insurance, and a 816 increase in inventory. 
 We had accounts receivable of 3,283 as of September 30, 2024. Our receivable balance can vary dramatically due to overall sales volume and quarterly variations in sales and timing of shipments to and receipts from large customers. Terms with individual customers vary greatly. We often offer net thirty-day terms to our customers. 
 Investing Activities 
 During the year ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in investing activities was 8,666, primarily due to 16,206 purchases short and long-term marketable securities, 908 of cash used in the Evertel acquisition, 764 of cash used for asset purchase holdback liability, and 191 cash used for capital expenditure, which includes the purchase of product tooling, computer equipment, and leasehold improvements for our operating facilities. This was offset by 9,403 proceeds received from maturities of available for sale marketable securities. 
 Financing Activities 
 During the year ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by financing activities was 23,873, primarily due to 13,698 in net proceeds from the Term Loan in May 2024, and 10,449 in net proceeds from an offering of the Company s common stock in October 2023, offset by 219 payment made for contingent consideration, 43 settlement in statutory tax withholding requirement upon cashless exercise of stock options, and 12 to settlement in statutory tax withholding requirements upon vesting of restricted stock units. In the year ended September 30, 2024, we did not receive proceeds from the exercise of stock options. 
 Commitments 
 We are committed for our San Diego headquarter facility lease through August 30, 2028, as more fully described in Note 13, Leases, in our consolidated financial statements. 
 The Company has a bonus plan for employees, in accordance with their terms of employment, whereby they can earn a percentage of their salary based on meeting targeted objectives for orders received, revenue, operating income, and operating cash flow. All of the Company s key employees are entitled to participate in the bonus plan. During the years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recorded 508 and 194, respectively, in bonus expense, and related payroll tax expense in connection with the bonus plans. Unpaid bonus related expense is included in Accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 The Company is party to an employment agreement with our chief executive officer that provides for termination severance benefits, including twelve months salary and health benefits, a pro-rata share of his annual cash bonus for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs to which he would have become entitled had he remained employed through the end of the fiscal year, and vesting of a portion of stock options held by the employee at the time of termination. The agreement also has a change in control clause whereby the chief executive officer would be entitled to receive specific severance and equity vesting benefits if specified termination events occur. 
 40 

There were no other employment agreements with executive officers or other employees providing future benefits or severance arrangements. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 Information requested by this Item is not included as we are electing scaled disclosure requirements available to Smaller Reporting Companies. 
 Item 8. Financial S t atements and Supplementary Data. 
 The financial statements required by this item begin on page F-1 with the index to financial statements followed by the consolidated financial statements. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagre ements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 There have been no disagreements or any reportable events requiring disclosure under Item 304(b) of Regulation S-K. 
 Item 9A. Contr ols and Procedures. 
 We are required to maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that material information related to us, including our consolidated subsidiaries, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act Reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Our disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act Reports is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024 and, based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on the guidelines established in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Pursuant to rules of the SEC, such attestation is not required for smaller reporting companies, which permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 
 Changes in Internal Controls 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting since September 30, 2023, in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Our process for evaluating controls and procedures is continuous and 
 41 

encompasses constant improvement of the design and effectiveness of established controls and procedures and the remediation of any deficiencies, which may be identified during this process. 
 Item 9B. Oth er Information. 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regard ing Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not Applicable 
 42 

PART III 
 Certain information required by this Part III is omitted from this report and is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2025 (the Proxy Statement ). 
 Item 10. Directors, Ex ecutive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information with respect to our executive officers is set forth in the section entitled Executive Officers in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The information required by this item with respect to our directors and corporate governance matters is incorporated by reference to the information under the captions Election of Directors , Board and Committee Matters and Corporate Governance Matters , and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports contained in Proxy Statement. 
 Item 11. Execu tive Compensation. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information in the Proxy Statement under the caption Executive Compensation. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Cert ain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information in the Proxy Statement under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationshi ps and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information in the Proxy Statement under the captions Certain Transactions and Independence of the Board of Directors. 
 Item 14. Principal A ccountant Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement, under the heading Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 43 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 The financial statements required by this item are submitted in a separate section beginning on page F-1 of this annual report. 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 
 None. 
 Exhibits: 
 The following exhibits are incorporated by reference or filed as part of this report. 

2. 
 Plan of Acquisition, Reorganization, Arrangement, Liquidation or Succession 

2.1 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2023, by and between Genasys Inc., Word Systems Operations, LLC and Evertel Technologies, LLC Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 on Form 8-K, September 26, 2023. 

3. 
 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation dated March 1, 1992. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 on Form 10-SB effective August 1, 1994. 

3.1.1 
 A mendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated March 24, 1997 and filed with Delaware on April 22, 1997. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.1 on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended March 31, 1997, filed May 13, 1997. 

3.1.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation filed with Delaware on September 26, 2002. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.6 on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2002, filed December 23, 2002. 

3.1.3 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated March 24, 2010. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on Form 8-K filed March 31, 2010. 

3.1.4 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated January 6, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on Form 8-K filed January 13, 2020. 

3.1.5 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated March 16, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on Form 8-K filed March 19, 2021. 

3.2 
 Restated Bylaws. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006, filed May 10, 2006. 

4. 
 Instruments Defining the Rights of Securities Holders, 

4.1 
 Description of the Securities of the Registrant. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023, filed December 7, 2023. 

4.2 
 Warrant Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on Form 8-K filed May 14, 2024 . 

10. 
 Material Contracts 

10.1 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan for grants on or after August 5, 2005. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2005 filed August 9, 2005. + 

10.2 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed June 27, 2013. 

10.3 
 LRAD Corporation Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2017. + 

10.4 
 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed March 19, 2021. + 

10.5 
 Form of Stock Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed March 24, 2015. + 

44 

10.6 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement For Non-Employee Directors under the Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2017. + 

10.7 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement For Employees under the Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2018, filed December 21,2018. + 

10.8 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated November 29, 2022, by and among Genasys Inc. and Richard Danforth. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed November 30, 2022. + 

10.9 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated September 18, 2017, between LRAD Corporation and Dennis Klahn. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2017. + 

10.10 
 Board Adviser Agreement, dated November 1, 2021, between Genasys Inc. and John G. Coburn. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021, filed November 23, 2021. + 

10.11 
 Change in Control Severance Benefit Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2021 filed February 7, 2022. + 

10.12 
 Term Loan and Security Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed May 14, 2024 . 

10.13 
 Right of First Refusal Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed May 14, 2024 . 

19. 
 Insider Trading Policies and Procedures 

19.1 
 Genasys Inc. Insider Trading Policy. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.1 on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023, filed December 7, 2023 . 

21. 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23. 
 Consents of Experts and Counsel 

23.1 
 Consent of Baker Tilly US, LLP. 

24. 
 Power of Attorney 

24.1 
 Power of Attorney. Included on signature page. 

31. 
 Certifications 

31.1 
 Certification of Richard S. Danforth, Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 Certification of Dennis D. Klahn, Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, executed by Richard S. Danforth, Principal Executive Officer, and Dennis D. Klahn, Principal Financial Officer. 

97 
 Clawback Policies 

97.1 
 Genasys Inc. Clawback Policy. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97.1 on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023, filed December 7, 2023. 

99. 
 Additional Exhibits 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document-the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File as its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema With Embedded Linkbase Documents 

104 
 Cover page formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 

Filed herewith. 
 + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 45 

Genasys Inc. 
 Index to Consolidated Fin ancial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F- 1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 F- 7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 9 

F- i 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTE RED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the board of directors of Genasys Inc.: 

Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 Critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Business Combinations Estimate for Valuation of Acquired Intangible Assets Refer to Note 4 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 On October 4, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of Evertel Technologies, LLC. The Company accounted for the Evertel Technologies, LLC acquisition as a business combination and, accordingly, allocated the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition. Identifiable intangible assets acquired included developed technology intangible assets and customer-related intangible assets. The excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill. 
 We identified certain inputs into the fair value determination of technology-based intangible assets, customer-related intangible assets and goodwill for the business combination as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgment required in estimating future revenues of the acquired entity as well as the selection of appropriate discount rates. There was a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in applying audit procedures and evaluating the significant assumptions relating to these revenue estimates, including involvement of our fair value specialists. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 F- 1 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 We assessed the knowledge, skills, abilities, and objectivity of management s valuation specialist and evaluated the work performed. 

When assessing the reasonableness of assumptions related to forecasted revenues, we evaluated whether the assumptions used were appropriate from a market participants standpoint. This included evaluation against industry forecasts, comparable peer financial results and historical operating results. 

With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rates by testing the source information underlying the discount rates and testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculations and developed a range of independent estimates and compared those to the discount rates selected by management. 

Term Loan and Warrant Liabilities Estimate of Fair Value Refer to Note 12 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 On May 13, 2024, the Company entered into a term loan and security agreement, pursuant to which the Company received 14,700,000 in cash proceeds in exchange for a 15,000,000 term loan Term Loan and the issuance of warrants to purchase up to 3,068,182 shares of the Company s common stock Warrants ). Because the Term Loan and Warrants were determined to be freestanding financial instruments both recorded subsequently at fair value, the proceeds received were allocated to each instrument on a relative fair value basis. 
 We identified the fair value determination of the term loan and warrant liabilities as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgment required in determining their estimated fair values. Management s estimates of fair value included assumptions for discount rates, projected Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), equity volatility and the likelihood of future financing rounds. There was a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in applying audit procedures and evaluating the significant assumptions relating to the estimates, including involvement of our fair value specialists. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 We assessed the knowledge, skills, abilities, and objectivity of management s valuation specialist and evaluated the work performed. 

When assessing the appropriateness of assumptions related to discount rates, projected SOFR rates, equity volatility and the likelihood of future financing rounds, we evaluated whether the assumptions used were reasonable considering historical financial information of the Company, the Company s forecasted financial information, as well as developed a range of independent estimates and compared those to the estimates selected by management. 

With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rates and projected SOFR rates by testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculations, testing the valuation methods and techniques applied, and agreeing rates selected to independent sources. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2007. 

December 13, 2024 
 F- 2 

Genasys Inc. 
 C onsolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except par value and share amounts) 

September 30, 

2024 

2023 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term marketable securities 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts for expected credit losses of 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Total current assets 

Long-term marketable securities 

Long-term restricted cash 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Operating lease right of use assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Notes payable, at fair value 

Warrant liability 

Long-term deferred revenue 

Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 15) 

Stockholders' equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 3 

Genasys Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Years ended 

September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Revenues: 

Product sales 

Contract and other 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Other income (expenses) 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

() 

Change in fair value of term loan and warrants 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Other expense, net 

() 

() 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

Income tax (benefit) expense 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 

Genasys Inc. 
 Consolid ated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands) 

Years ended 

September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities 

Unrealized foreign currency translation gain 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 

Genasys Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except par value and share amounts) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Total 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Comprehensive 

Stockholders' 

Shares 

Par Value 

Capital 

Deficit 

Income (Loss) 

Equity 

Balance as of September 30, 2022 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation expense 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options, net 

Issuance of common stock upon cashless exercise of stock options, net 

() 

Shares retained for payment of taxes in connection with cashless exercise of stock options 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units 

Shares retained for payment of taxes in connection with net share settlement of restricted stock units 

() 

() 

() 

Release of obligation to issue commons stock 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation expense 

Issuance of common stock in business combination 

Release of obligation to issue commons stock 

Issuance of common stock upon cashless exercise of stock options, net 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock upon offering, net of issuance costs of 

Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units 

Shares retained for payment of taxes in connection with net share settlement of restricted stock units 

() 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 6 

Genasys Inc. 
 Consolidated Statemen t s of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Years ended 

` 
 
 September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Warranty provision 

() 

Inventory obsolescence 

Share-based compensation 

Loss on change in fair value of warrants 

Loss on change in fair value of Term Loan 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

Loss on disposal of fixed asset 

Amortization of operating lease right of use asset 

Remeasurement of acquisition contingent consideration 

() 

Accretion of acquisition holdback liability 

Accretion of investment of marketable securities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of the effects from acquisition: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other 

() 

Accounts payable 

Accrued and other liabilities 

() 

Net cash used in by operating activities 

() 

() 

Investing Activities: 

Purchases of marketable securities 

() 

() 

Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities 

Cash paid for acquisitions net of cash acquired 

() 

Cash paid for asset purchase holdback liability 

() 

Capital expenditures 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

() 

Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of Term Loan and warrants, net of issuance cost 

Proceeds from offering of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Payment of contingent consideration 

() 

Shares retained for payment of taxes in connection with settlement of restricted stock units 

() 

() 

Shares retained for payment of taxes in connection with the exercise of stock options 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Effect of foreign exchange rate on cash 

Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 

Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash to the consolidated 

balance sheets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash, current portion 

Long-term restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statement of cash flows 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 

Genasys Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Years ended 

September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Noncash investing and financing activities: 

Change in unrealized loss on marketable securities 

Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Obligation to issue common stock in connection with the Amika Mobile asset purchase 

() 

Initial measurement of operating lease right of use assets 

Initial measurement of operating lease liabilities 

Shares surrendered from stock option exercises 

Obligation to issue common stock in connection with the Evertel acquisition 

() 

Shares issued in connection with the Evertel acquisition 

() 

Settlement of contingent consideration in shares of common stock 

() 

Holdback liability payable in connection with the Evertel acquisition 

() 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 8 

Genasys Inc. 
 Notes to the Co nsolidated Financial Statements 
 (in thousands, except per share and share amounts) 

wholly owned subsidiaries, Genasys II Spain, S.A.U. Genasys Spain ), Genasys Communications Canada ULC Genasys Canada ), Genasys Singapore PTE Ltd, Genasys Puerto Rico, LLC, Zonehaven LLC, Evertel Technologies LLC, and Genasys Inc. (branch) in the United Arab Emirates and currently inactive subsidiary, Genasys America de CV. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of these subsidiaries after elimination of intercompany transactions and accounts. 
 
 customers accounted for , and of total accounts receivable with no other single customer accounting for more than 10 of the accounts receivable balance. As of September 30, 2023 , accounts receivable from customers accounted for , and of total accounts receivable with no other single customer accounting for more than 10 of the accounts receivable balance. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalent bank deposit accounts which, at times, may exceed federally insured limits guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). As of September 30, 2024, there are of cash and cash equivalents retained in foreign banks. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. The Company limits its exposure to credit loss by depositing its cash with high credit quality financial institutions. The Company also invests cash in instruments that meet high credit quality standards, as specified in the Company s policy guidelines such as money market funds, corporate bonds, municipal bonds and Certificates of Deposit. These guidelines also limit the amount of credit exposure to any one issue, issuer or type of instrument. It is generally the Company s policy to invest in instruments that have a final maturity of no longer than , with a portfolio weighted average maturity of no longer than months. 
 and , respectively. The Company considers any amounts pledged as collateral or otherwise restricted for use in current operations to be restricted cash. In addition, the Company excludes from cash and cash equivalents cash required to fund specific future contractual obligations related to business combinations. Restricted cash is classified as a current asset unless amounts are not expected to be released and available for use in operations within one year. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amount of restricted cash was and , respectively, which is included in Restricted cash and Long-term restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheet. 

F- 9 

, as of both September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company writes off accounts receivable based on the age of the receivable and the facts and circumstances surrounding the customer and reasons for non-payment. Actual write-offs might differ from the recorded allowance. The Company s historical credit losses have not been significant due to this dispersion and the financial stability of the Company's customers. The Company considers its historical credit losses to be immaterial to its business and, therefore, has not provided all the disclosures otherwise required by the standard. 
 
 of obsolete parts inventory that was included in the inventory reserve as of September 30, 2023. The Company then increased its inventory reserve by during the year ended September 30, 2024 , for parts and demo equipment that may not be utilized. 
 using the straight-line method. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of 

F- 10 

. The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of intangible assets, considering factors such as technological advancements, market trends, and the introduction of competing innovations. The carrying value of intangibles is periodically reviewed and impairments, if any, are recognized when the carrying value exceeds fair value. Goodwill is recorded as the difference, if any, between the aggregate consideration paid for an acquisition and the fair value of the acquired net tangible and intangible assets acquired. The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment on an annual basis in our fiscal fourth quarter or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a single reporting unit below the carrying amount. The Company assesses qualitative factors in order to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount. The qualitative factors evaluated by the Company include: macro-economic conditions of the business environment, overall financial performance, and other entity specific factors as deemed appropriate. If, through this qualitative assessment, the conclusion is made that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit s fair value is less than its carrying amount, a two-step impairment test is performed. For reporting units where the Company performs the quantitative goodwill impairment test, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the reporting unit s carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value. The Company did t record a goodwill impairment charge for the year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 . Refer to Note 9, Goodwill and Intangible Assets for more information. 
 
 and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Actual revenues from shipping and handling were and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. 
 and for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. 

F- 11 

and as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. 
 
 impairment of long-lived assets for the years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 . Refer to Note 6, Fair Value Measurements and Note 9, Goodwill and Intangible Assets for additional information. 
 business segments: Hardware and Software and its principal markets are North and South America, Europe, the Middle East and Asia. As reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision maker, the Company evaluates the performance of each segment based on sales and operating income. Cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, accounts receivable, inventory, property and equipment, deferred tax assets, goodwill and intangible assets are primary assets identified by segment. The accounting policies for segment reporting are the same for the Company as a whole and transactions between the two operating segments are eliminated in consolidation. Refer to Note 19, Segment Information, for additional information. 

F- 12 

resulting from transactions between Genasys U.S. and Genasys Spain and Genasys Canada. For the year ended September 30, 2023, there was a translation gain of . 

for the Company beginning . The adoption of this standard did not have a on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. Refer to Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, for additional information. 

 F- 13 

Common stock issued 

Contingent Consideration 

Acquisition holdback liability 

Common stock to be issued 

Working capital adjustment 

() 

The Company funded the cash portion of the total consideration with available cash on hand. The Company also issued shares of the Company s common stock to the former owners of Evertel. The fair value of the Company s stock on the closing date was , resulting in the addition of to additional-paid-in-capital. The contingent consideration liability is a current liability and recorded in the current portion of accrued liabilities. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company recorded a credit to additional-paid-in-capital and an addition to goodwill as this is consideration transferred to the former owners of Evertel during the second quarter of 2024, and the Company issued common stock to the former owners of Evertel and three key employees during the third quarter of 2024 to settle the obligation. The Company also recorded a holdback liability and an obligation to issue common stock as security for potential indemnification claims against the seller. The holdback liability and the common stock will be released twelve months from the closing date, subject to amounts withheld for actual, pending or potential claims. The holdback liability was recorded as a current liability at , which represented the fair value of the holdback liability as of the acquisition date. The fair value of the holdback liability has and will be adjusted each reporting period with the change in fair value recorded in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. The obligation to issue common stock was recorded as a credit to additional paid in capital for on the acquisition date. During the second quarter of 2024, the Company and the former owners of Evertel, agreed on a working capital adjustment that resulted in a payment of to the Company. The Company incurred in expenses related to this transaction. of the expenses were incurred in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, in the first fiscal quarter of 2024, in the second fiscal quarter of 2024, in the third fiscal quarter of 2024, and in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2024. The expense was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 

 F- 14 

Prepaid expenses 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Total Assets 

Liabilities assumed 

Accrued commissions 

Deferred revenue 

Deferred tax liability 

Total liabilities 

Net assets acquired 

Customer relationships 

Identifiable intangible assets consist of certain technology and customer relationships purchased from Evertel. Identifiable intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives based upon several assumptions, including the estimated period of economic benefit and utilization. The weighted average amortization period for identifiable intangible assets acquired is years. These intangible assets are classified as Level 3 in the ASC Topic 820 three-tier fair value hierarchy. The goodwill for Evertel is attributable to combining the Company s existing emergency communications solutions with the software and software development capabilities of Evertel to enhance product offerings. Goodwill is also attributable to the skill level of the acquired workforce. The Company performed analysis on the transaction and refined its calculations as appropriate during the measurement period, which could affect the value of goodwill. Goodwill value was finalized on October 4, 2024, and was the same as September 30, 2024. Goodwill from the Evertel acquisition will not be deductible for tax purposes. As of September 30, 2024 , of the contingent consideration was issued to the former owners of Evertel. The Company paid in cash and issued shares of common stock. During the period since acquisition, the contingent consideration decreased due to remeasurement adjustments. As of September 30, 2024 , contingent consideration liability remained outstanding. The Company has included the operating results of Evertel in continuing operations in its condensed consolidated financial statements since the acquisition date. in net revenues and in net l oss of Evertel were included in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2024 . 

F- 15 

F- 16 

. There was contract assets as of September 30, 2023. The current portion of contract liabilities and the noncurrent portion are included in Accrued liabilities and Other liabilities, noncurrent , respectively, on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Note 11, Accrued and Other Liabilities for additional details. 

New performance obligations 

Recognition of revenue as a result of satisfying performance obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rate on deferred revenue 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

Less: non-current portion 

() 

() 

Current portion as of September 30, 2024 

Remaining Performance Obligations Remaining performance obligations related to ASC 606 represent the aggregate transaction price allocated to performance obligations under an original contract with a term greater than one year which are fully or partially unsatisfied at the end of the period. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was approximately . The Company expects to recognize revenue on approximately , or , of the remaining performance obligations over the next months, and the remainder is expected to be recognized thereafter. Practical Expedients In cases where the Company is responsible for shipping after the customer has obtained control of the goods, the Company has elected to treat these activities as fulfillment activities rather than as a separate performance obligation. Additionally, the Company has elected to capitalize the cost to obtain a contract only if the period of amortization would be longer than one year. The Company only gives consideration to whether a customer agreement has a financing component if the period of time between transfer of goods and services and customer payment is greater than one year. The Company also utilizes the as invoiced practical expedient in certain cases where performance obligations are satisfied over time and the invoiced amount corresponds directly with the value provided to the customer. 

 F- 17 

Level 2: 

Certificates of deposit 

U.S. government agency bonds 

Municipal securities 

Corporate bonds 

Subtotal 

Total 

F- 18 

Level 2: 

Certificates of deposit 

Municipal securities 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

Subtotal 

() 

Total 

() 

The Company manages debt investments as a single portfolio of highly marketable securities that is intended to be available to meet current cash requirements. Historically, the gross unrealized losses related to the Company s portfolio of available-for-sale debt securities were immaterial, and primarily due to normal market fluctuations and not due to increased credit risk or other valuation concerns. There were gross unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities as of September 30, 2024, and historically, such gross unrealized losses have been temporary in nature. The Company believes that it is probable the principal and interest will be collected in accordance with the contractual terms. The debt investment portfolio is reviewed at least quarterly, or when there are changes in credit risks or other potential valuation concerns, to identify and evaluate whether an allowance for doubtful accounts for expected credit losses or impairment would be necessary. Factors considered in determining whether a loss is temporary include the magnitude of the decline in market value, the length of time the market value has been below cost (or adjusted cost), credit quality, and the Company s ability and intent to hold the securities for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value. As of September 30, 2024, there were unrealized loss positions related to available-for-sale debt securities. 

U.S. government agency bonds 

Municipal securities 

() 

() 

() 

Corporate bonds 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Instruments measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis Nonfinancial assets : Nonfinancial assets such as goodwill, other intangible assets, long-lived assets held and used, and right-of-use assets ROU assets are measured at fair value when there is an indicator of impairment and recorded at fair value only when impairment is recognized or for a business combination. Goodwill and intangible assets are recognized at fair value during the period in which an acquisition is completed, from updated estimates during the measurement period, or when they are considered to be impaired. These non-recurring fair value measurements, primarily for goodwill and intangible assets acquired, were based on Level 3 inputs. The Company estimates the fair value of long-lived assets on a non-recurring basis based on a market valuation approach, engaging independent valuation experts to assist in the determination of fair value. There were no goodwill impairment charge for the year ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 

 F- 19 

Goodwill from Evertel acquisition 

The following table presents nonfinancial assets that were subject to fair value measurement during the twelve months ended September 30, 2023 . There were business combinations during the twelve months ended September 30, 2023. Certain intangible assets, operating lease ROU assets and goodwill are subject to foreign currency translation adjustments. 

Contingent consideration liability : In connection with the Evertel acquisition, the Company recorded a liability related to future performance criteria. A payment of up to is payable based on future performance. The Company engaged independent valuation experts to assist in determining the fair value of the contingent consideration. The contingent liability was recorded at the fair value at the acquisition date and subject to subsequent remeasurement adjustment if performance criteria were not achieved. The change in fair value was recorded in other income/expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The change in the carrying amount of the contingent liability is as follows: 

Remeasurement adjustment 

() 

Payment 

() 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

The Company paid in cash and issued shares of common stock to the former owners of Evertel during the third quarter of 2024. As of September 30, 2024 , there was remaining contingent consideration liability. Acquisition Holdback Liability : In connection with the Evertel acquisition, the Company recorded a holdback liability related to potential future misrepresentations and indemnifications against third-party claims. The holdback liability will be released twelve months from the closing date, subject to amounts withheld for actual, pending or potential claims. The holdback liability was recorded at the present value, which was the fair value at the acquisition date. The Company engaged independent valuation experts to assist in determining the present value of the holdback liability. The expected future payment was discounted using a rate representative of the Company s payment risk and credit rating. Accretion is recorded in each subsequent reporting period based on the discount factor used to arrive at the original fair value. This change in fair value is recorded in other income/expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The changes in the carrying amount of the holdback liability is as follows: 

Accretion 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

F- 20 

Finished goods 

Work in process 

Inventories, gross 

Reserve for obsolescence 

() 

() 

Inventories, net 

Machinery and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Construction in progress 

Property and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Years ended 

September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Depreciation expense 

and , respectively. There were impairments to goodwill during the years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 

Acquisition 

Currency translation 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

The changes in the carrying amount of intangible assets by segment for the year ended September 30, 2024, were as follows: 

Hardware 

Software 

Total 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

Acquisitions 

Amortization 

() 

() 

() 

Currency translation 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

F- 21 

. 

Customer relationships 

Trade name portfolio 

Patents 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Years ended 

September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Amortization expense 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total estimated amortization expense 

Prepaid commissions 

Dues and subscriptions 

Prepaid insurance 

Trade shows and travel 

Canadian goods and services and harmonized sales tax receivable 

Deposits for inventory 

Value-Added Tax and bank withholdings 

Other 

Deposits for inventory Deposits for inventory consisted of cash payments to vendors for inventory to be delivered in the future. Prepaid insurance Prepaid insurance consisted of premiums paid for health, commercial and corporate insurance. These premiums are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the agreements. 

 F- 22 

. Amortization of prepaid commissions is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations. Trade shows and travel Trade shows and travel consists of payments made in advance for trade show events. Canadian goods and services and harmonized sales tax receivable The goods and services tax and harmonized sales tax GST/HST is a Canadian value-added tax that applies to many goods and services. Registrants may claim refundable tax credits for GST/HST incurred through filing periodic tax returns. This GST/HST receivable is a receivable from the Canadian Revenue Agency. 

Deferred revenue 

Customer deposits 

Acquisition or asset purchase holdback liability 

Short-term provision 

Warranty reserve 

Accrued contract costs 

Other 

Total 

Payroll and related Accrued payroll and related consisted primarily of accrued bonus, accrued vacation, accrued sales commissions and benefits. Deferred revenue Deferred revenue as of September 30, 2024, included prepayments from customers for services, including extended warranty, scheduled to be performed in the year ending September 30, 2025. Customer deposits Customer deposits represent amounts paid by customers as a down payment on hardware orders to be delivered during the year ending September 30, 2025. Accrued contract costs Accrued contract costs consist of accrued expenses for contracting a third-party service provider to fulfill repair and maintenance obligations required under a contract with a foreign military for units sold in the year ended September 30, 2011. Payments to the service provider will be made annually upon completion of each year of service. A new contract was signed with the 

 F- 23 

Warranty provision 

() 

Warranty settlements 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

The Company establishes a warranty reserve based on anticipated warranty claims at the time product revenue is recognized. Factors affecting warranty reserve levels include the number of units sold, anticipated cost of warranty repairs and anticipated rates of warranty claims. The Company evaluates the adequacy of the provision for warranty costs each reporting period and adjusts the accrued warranty liability to an amount equal to estimated warranty expense for products currently under warranty. Asset purchase holdback liability In connection with the Amika Mobile asset purchase, the Company recorded a holdback liability related to potential future adjustments to assets and liabilities, misrepresentations and indemnifications against third-party claims. Adjustments of up to CAD (USD will be deducted from the asset purchase holdback liability for up to from the closing date. The liability was recorded at fair value in the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2023. The holdback was paid to the seller of the Amika Mobile assets on October 6, 2023. Deferred extended warranty revenue Deferred extended warranty revenue consists of warranties purchased in excess of the Company s standard warranty. Extended warranties typically range from one to . 

 in cash proceeds in exchange for a term loan Term Loan and the issuance of warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock Warrants ). Because the Term Loan and Warrants were determined to be freestanding financial instruments both recorded subsequently at fair value, the proceeds received were allocated to each instrument on a relative fair value basis. Term Loan The principal of the Term Loan is and is payable upon maturity on May 13, 2026. The Term Loan provides a percent original issue discount to the lenders. The Company is required to make quarterly interest payments on the Term Loan. The Company may elect to pay quarterly interest on the Term Loan based on the three-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus five percent in cash or the Company may elect to pay interest based on the three-month SOFR plus six percent with paid in cash and the remainder paid by issuing shares of the Company s common stock. The Company may voluntarily redeem the Term Loan within one year of the issuance at of the principal amount and after one year at par value. The Term Loan includes financial covenants and contains other customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. All obligations under the Term Loan are secured by substantially all of the Company s assets. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all financial and reporting covenants of the Term Loan. The Company determined that the Term Loan was eligible for the FVO and accordingly elected the FVO for the Term Loan. This election was made because of operational efficiencies in valuing and reporting for the Term Loan instrument in its entirety at each reporting date. As a result of electing the FVO, the Term Loan was recorded at fair value with subsequent remeasurements at fair value each reporting period. The Company recognizes the resulting gain or loss related to changes to the fair value of the Term Loan on the condensed consolidated statements of operations within other income (expense). The change in fair value related to the accrued interest components of the Term Loan is also included within other income (expense) on the condensed consolidated statement of operations. Direct costs and fees related to the Term Loan were expensed as incurred within other income (expense) on the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 

 F- 24 

and as of May 13, 2024 and September 30, 2024, respectively. A summary of the changes in the fair value of the Term Loan Level 3 roll forward was as follows: 

Transfer in 

Change in fair value related to non-credit risk in net income 

Change in fair value related to credit risk in OCI 

Fair value as of September 30, 2024 

Warrant Liabilities The Company issued Warrants to the lenders to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock at an initial exercise price of per share, subject to certain adjustments. The Warrants are exercisable upon issuance through May 13, 2029 and may be exercised via cashless exercise. The Warrants are recognized as liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheet and are subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date from issuance. Any change in fair value is recognized in other income (expense) within the condensed consolidated statement of operations. The Company utilized the Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of the warrant liabilities at issuance and subsequently at each reporting date. The fair value of the warrant liabilities is the present value of the warrant payoff at expiration; discounted at the risk-free rate. The fair value of the warrant liabilities was determined based on significant inputs not observable in the market, which represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The following is a summary of the fair value assumptions applied in determining the initial fair value and the subsequent fair value of the warrant liabilities as of each respective date: 

Transfer in 

Change in fair value in net income 

Fair value as of September 30, 2024 

A summary of the changes in the fair value of the warrant liabilities Level 3 roll forward was as follows: 

Volatility 

F- 25 

. The Company s leases do not contain any residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company added an additional operating ROU asset of and operating lease liabilities of for office space. 

Less amortization of operating lease ROU assets 

() 

Effect of exchange rate on operating lease ROU assets 

Operating lease ROU assets as of September 30, 2024 

Operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities as of September 30, 2023 

Less lease principal payments on operating lease liabilities 

() 

Effect of exchange rate on operating lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities as of September 30, 2024 

Less non-current portion 

() 

Current portion as of September 30, 2024 

As of September 30, 2024 , the Company s operating leases have a weighted-average remaining lease term of years and a weighted-average discount rate of . 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted operating lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

() 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

For the years ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 , total lease expense under operating leases was approximately and , respectively. The Company recorded short-term lease expense of and for the year ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 . 

 F- 26 

State 

Foreign 

Total current tax provision 

Deferred provision 

Federal 

() 

State 

() 

Total deferred provision 

() 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

() 

A reconciliation of income taxes at the federal statutory rate of to the effective tax rate was as follows:) 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

Nondeductible compensation, interest expense and other 

State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

() 

() 

Change in R D credit carryover 

() 

() 

NOL expirations and other prior year true-ups 

Foreign rate differential foreign taxes 

Tax impacts of Evertel acquisition accounting 

() 

() 

The types of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their approximate tax effects that give rise to a significant portion of the net deferred tax asset as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows: 

Research and development credit 

Share-based compensation 

Patents 

Accruals and other 

Capitalized R E expenses 

Allowances 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Equipment 

() 

() 

Operating ROU assets 

() 

() 

Acquired intangible assets 

() 

() 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Less valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets and liabilities 

F- 27 

due to the establishment of a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets. The deferred tax assets are primarily comprised of federal and state NOL carryforwards and federal and state research and development R D tax credit carryforwards offset by valuation allowance. As of September 30, 2024 , the Company had federal and California NOL carryforwards of approximately and , respectively. The federal NOLs if not utilized will expire from tax years September 30, 2025 through 2037 , except for which have an indefinite carryforward period. The California NOLs if not utilized will expire from tax years September 30, 2043 through 2044. The Company also has an estimated and of federal and California R D tax credits, respectively, as of September 30, 2024, where a portion of federal R D tax credits will begin to expire next year. The California R D tax credits do not expire. The Company reviews its ability to realize its deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. In doing so, management considers historical and projected taxable income of the Company, along with any tax planning strategies and any other positive or negative evidence. Realization is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income prior to the expiration of the loss carryforwards and other deferred assets. As of September 30, 2024, the Company does not believe that it is more likely than not that its deferred tax assets will be realized; accordingly, a full valuation allowance has been established and no deferred tax asset is shown in the accompanying balance sheet. As of September 30, 2024 , the Company had unrecognized tax benefits. The Company s practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Sections 382 and 383, the annual use of the Company s net operating loss and R D tax credit carryforwards may be limited in the event a cumulative change in ownership of more than 50 occurs within a three-year period. The Company has not completed an IRC Section 382/383 analysis regarding the limitation of net operating loss and research and development credit carryforwards. Due to the existence of the valuation allowance, any permanent limitations on the use of the Company s net operating loss and research and development credit carryforwards will not impact the Company s effective tax rate. The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. The Company s U.S. federal tax returns since September 30, 2004 are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service due to the generation of U.S. federal NOL and credit carryforwards. The Company s U.S. state returns are generally subject to examination for four years after the filing date. 

 and , respectively. Litigation The Company may at times be involved in litigation in the ordinary course of business. The Company will, from time to time, when appropriate in management s estimation, record adequate reserves in the Company s financial statements for pending litigation. Guarantees and Indemnifications The Company enters into indemnification provisions under (i) its agreements with other companies in its ordinary course of business, typically with business partners, contractors, customers and landlords and (ii) its agreements with investors. Under these arrangements, the Company may indemnify other parties such as business partners, customers, underwriters, and investors for certain losses suffered, claims of intellectual property infringement, negligence and intentional acts in the performance of services, and 

 F- 28 

to . On March 16, 2021, the Company s stockholders approved the plan amendment. The 2015 Equity Plan authorizes the issuance of stock options, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units RSUs and performance awards, to an aggregate of new shares of common stock to employees, directors, advisors or consultants. As of September 30, 2024 , there were options and restricted stock units outstanding covering shares of common stock under the 2015 Equity Plan, and shares of common stock available for grant, for a total of shares of common stock authorized and unissued under the plan. Share-based compensation The Company s stock options have various restrictions that reduce option value, including vesting provisions and restrictions on transfer and hedging, among others, and are often exercised prior to their contractual maturity. Share-based compensation is accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 718: Compensation - Stock Compensation . Total compensation expense for all share-based awards is based on the estimated fair market value of the equity instrument issued on the grant date. For share-based awards that vest based solely on a service condition, compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the total requisite service period for the entire award. For share-based awards that vest based on a market condition, compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of each separately vesting tranche. For share-based awards that vest based on a performance condition, compensation expense is recognized for the number of awards that are expected to vest based on the probable outcome of the performance condition. Compensation cost for these awards will be adjusted to reflect the number of awards that ultimately vest. Stock Options 

Granted 

Forfeited/expired 

() 

Exercised 

() 

Outstanding September 30, 2024 

Exercisable September 30, 2024 

F- 29 

and , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the Company s closing stock price on the last day of trading during the year, which was per share, and the exercise price multiplied by the number of applicable options. The total value of stock options exercised during the year ended September 30, 2024 , was and proceeds received from these exercises. The total value of stock options exercised during the year ended September 30, 2023, was and proceeds from these exercises was . The Company recognized and as a tax benefit in the income tax provision for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. - 

- 

- 

- 

The Company recorded and of stock option compensation expense for employees, directors and consultants for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, there was approximately of total unrecognized compensation costs related to outstanding stock options. This amount is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. To the extent the forfeiture rate is different from what the Company anticipated, share-based compensation related to these awards will be different from the Company s expectations. Stock options that do not contain market-based vesting conditions are valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Expected term in years 

Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock over the period commensurate with the expected term of the options. The risk-free interest rate is based on rates published by the Federal Reserve Board. The contractual term of the options was . The expected term of the Company s stock options has been determined utilizing the simplified method for awards that qualify as plain-vanilla . The expected forfeiture rate is based on past experience and employee retention data. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of the grant and revised in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Such revision adjustments to expense will be recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period in which the estimate is changed. The Company did t pay a dividend in fiscal 2024 or fiscal 2023. For stock options that contain market-based vesting conditions, the fair value of these options was determined using a Monte Carlo valuation approach. A Monte Carlo simulation is used to model the probability of different outcomes in a process that cannot easily be predicted due to the intervention of random variables. It is a technique used to understand the impact of risk and uncertainty and establishes a fair value based on the most likely outcome. Performance-Based Stock Options On October 8, 2022, the Company awarded additional performance-based stock options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock to a key executive, with a contractual term of . Vesting is based upon the achievement of certain performance criteria for each of fiscal 2025 and 2026 including a minimum free cash flow margin and net revenue targets. 

 F- 30 

shares of the Company s stock to a key member of management with a contractual term of . Vesting is based upon the achievement of certain performance criteria for each of the first three twelve-month periods following the employee s start date, including targets related to growth in the institutional ownership of the Company s common stock and growth in the trading volume of the Company s common stock during such periods. Additionally, vesting is subject to the employee being employed by the Company on each of the first three anniversaries of the employee s start date. of these options contain a market-based vesting condition and accounting principles do not require the market condition to be achieved in order for compensation expense to be recognized. The Company recorded of compensation expense related to these options during the year ended September 30, 2024. The Company recorded of compensation expense related to these options during the year ended September 30, 2023. The Company did t grant any performance-based stock options during the year ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024 , there was unrecognized compensation related to PVOs. Restricted Stock Units On March 14, 2023, each non-employee member of the Board of Directors received a grant of RSUs that will vest on the first anniversary of the grant date. These RSUs were granted at a market value of and have and will be expensed on a straight-line basis through the March 14, 2024, vest date. On February 14, 2023, RSUs were granted to employees that will vest over three years on the anniversary date of the grant. These RSUs were issued at a market value of , which have and will be expensed on a straight-line basis over the life of the grants. On March 20, 2023, RSUs were granted to an employee with immediate vesting. These were issued at a market value of and were expensed immediately. On November 1, 2023, RSUs were granted to a non-employee advisor that vested on the first anniversary of the grant date. These were issued at a market value of , which have and will be expensed on a straight-line basis though the November 1, 2024, vest date. On March 14, 2024, each non-employee member of the Board of Directors received a grant of RSUs that will vest on the first anniversary of the grant date. These RSUs were granted at a market value of and have and will be expensed on a straight-line basis through the March 14, 2025 vest date. On June 3, 2024, each of the two new non-employee members of the Board of Directors received a grant of RSUs that will vest on March 14, 2025. These were issued at a market value of and have and will be expensed on a straight-line basis through the March 14, 2025 vest date. On July 10, 2024, one new non-employee member of the Board of Director received a grant of RSUs that will vest on March 14, 2025. These were issued at a market value of and have and will be expensed on a straight-line basis through March 14, 2025. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited/cancelled 

() 

Outstanding September 30, 2024 

Compensation expense for RSUs was for the year ended September 30, 2024. Compensation expense for RSUs was for the year ended September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, there was approximately of total unrecognized compensation costs related to outstanding RSUs. This amount is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

F- 31 

to shares (the Amended Certificate ). The Amended Certificate was approved by the Company s stockholders at the Company s Annual Meeting of Stockholders on March 16, 2021. During the year ended September 30, 2024 , non-qualified stock options were exercised in net share settlement transactions, shares were used as consideration for the exercise of these options and shares were retained for taxes associated with these option exercises, resulting in shares being issued. All shares of common stock surrendered for options exercises have been retired. During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock and obtained gross proceeds of in connection with the exercise of stock options. During the year ended September 30, 2023, non-qualified stock options were exercised in net share settlement transactions. shares were used as consideration for the exercise of these options and shares were retained for taxes associated with these option exercises, resulting in shares being issued. Also, during the year ended September 30, 2023, an employee used shares of common stock as consideration for the exercise of incentive stock options. All shares of common stock surrendered for options exercises have been retired. On October 4, 2023, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per share of common stock. The Company received gross proceeds of approximately from the offering, before underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses of . The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including funding organic growth, working capital, capital expenditures, and continued research and development with respect to products and technologies, as well as costs related to post-closing integration with the Evertel business and research and development activities related to the integrated business. In connection with the Evertel acquisition, the Company issued shares of common stock to the former owners of Evertel. The fair value of the Company s stock on the closing date was which resulted in the addition of to additional-paid-in-capital. The Company also issued shares of common stock to the former owners of Evertel, in connection with the settlement of a portion of the contingent consideration liability. This resulted in the addition of to additional-paid-in-capital. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company recorded an obligation to issue shares of common stock to the former owners of Evertel and three key employees during the three months ended June 30, 2024, resulting in an addition of to additional-paid-in-capital. Also, in connection with the Evertel acquisition, the Company agreed to issue shares of the Company s common stock to the seller of Evertel twelve months from the closing date. The fair value of the Company s common stock on the closing date was , resulting in the addition of to additional paid-in-capital. These shares were issued on October 4, 2024. In connection with the Amika Mobile asset purchase, the Company also agreed to issue shares of the Company s common stock to the seller of the Amika Mobile assets on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the closing date. The total number of shares of common stock the Company is obligated to issue is . The fair value of the Company s common stock on the closing date was , resulting in the addition of to additional paid-in-capital. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company accelerated the issuance of of such shares of common stock to the seller of the Amika Mobile assets. During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to the seller of the Amika Mobile assets. During the year ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued the final shares to the former owners of the Amika Mobile assets. Preferred Stock The Company is authorized under its certificate of incorporation and bylaws to issue shares of preferred stock, par value, without any further action by the stockholders. The board of directors has the authority to divide any and all shares of preferred stock into series and to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of the preferred stock, such as the designation of series and the number of shares constituting such series, dividend rights, redemption and sinking fund provisions, liquidation and dissolution preferences, conversion or exchange rights and voting rights, if any. Issuance of preferred stock by the board of directors could result in such shares having dividend and or liquidation preferences senior to the rights of the holders of common stock and could dilute the voting rights of the holders of common stock. 

 F- 32 

shares of preferred stock were outstanding as of September 30, 2024 or 2023. Share Buyback Program In December 2022, the Board of Directors extended the Company s share buyback program through December 31, 2024. Under the program, the Company was authorized to repurchase up to of its outstanding common shares. There were shares repurchased during the year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. As of September 30, 2024, all repurchased shares were retired. Dividends There were dividends declared in the year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 . 

() 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

() 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

Potentially dilutive securities outstanding at period end excluded from diluted computation as the inclusion would have been antidilutive: 

Options 

RSU 

Obligation to issue common stock 

Warrants 

Total 

business segments: Hardware and Software and its principal markets are North and South America, Europe, the Middle East and Asia. As reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision maker, the Company evaluates the performance of each segment based on sales and operating income. Cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, accounts receivable, inventory, property and equipment, deferred tax assets, goodwill and intangible assets are primary assets identified by segment. The accounting policies for segment reporting are the same for the Company as a whole and transactions between the two operating segments are not material. 

 F- 33 

Software 

Intersegment revenues 

Hardware 

Software 

Segment operating loss 

Hardware 

() 

Software 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Other expenses: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Hardware 

Software 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Hardware 

Software 

() 

() 

() 

Years ended 

September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Long-lived assets 

Hardware 

Software 

Total assets 

Hardware 

Software 

customer accounted for of total revenues with no other single customer accounting for more than 10 of total revenues. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 , revenues from customer accounted for of total revenues with no other single customer accounting for more than 10 of total revenues. As of September 30, 2024 , accounts receivable from customers accounted for , and of total accounts receivable. As of September 30, 2023 , accounts receivable from customers accounted for , , and of total accounts receivable. Revenue from customers in the United States was for the year ended September 30, 2024. Revenue from customers in the United States was for the year ended September 30, 2023. 

 F- 34 

Asia Pacific 

Europe, Middle East and Africa 

Total Revenues 

Americas (excluding the United States) 

Europe, Middle East and Africa 

Total long lived assets 

Suppliers The Company has a large number of components and sub-assemblies produced by outside suppliers, some of which are sourced from a single supplier, which can magnify the risk of shortages and decrease the Company s ability to negotiate with suppliers on the basis of price. In particular, the Company depends on one supplier of compression drivers for its LRAD products. If supplier shortages occur, or quality problems arise, then production schedules could be significantly delayed or costs significantly increased, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. 

 F- 35 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

GENASYS INC. 

December 13, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Richard S. Danforth 

Richard S. Danforth 

Chief Executive Officer 

POW ER OF ATTORNEY 
 Know all persons by these presents, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Richard S. Danforth, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their or his substitute or substituted, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: December 13, 2024 
 By 
 /s/ Richard S. Danforth 

Richard S. Danforth, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: December 13, 2024 
 By 
 /s/ Dennis D. Klahn 

Dennis D. Klahn, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: December 13, 2024 
 By 
 /s/ Mark Culhane 

Mark Culhane Director 

Date: December 13, 2024 
 By 
 /s/ Bill Dodd 

Bill Dodd Director 

Date: December 13, 2024 
 By 
 /s/ Craig Fugate 

Craig Fugate Director 

Date: December 13, 2024 
 By 
 /s/ Richard H. Osgood III 

Richard H. Osgood III Director 

Date: December 13, 2024 
 By 
 /s/ Susan Lee Schmeiser 

Susan Lee Schmeiser Director 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 gnss-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 Genasys America de CV (Organized under the laws of Mexico) 
 
 Genasys Communications Canada ULC (Organized under the laws of British Columbia, Canada) 
 
 Genasys II Spain, S.A.U. (Organized under the laws of Spain) 
 
 Genasys Inc. (branch) (Organized under the laws of the United Arab Emirates) 
 
 Genasys Puerto Rico, LLC (Organized under the laws of Puerto Rico) 
 
 Genasys Singapore PTE Ltd (Organized under the laws of Singapore) 
 
 Zonehaven LLC (Organized in the State of Delaware) 
 
 Evertel Technologies, LLC (Organized in the State of Nevada) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 gnss-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT 
 REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (No. 333-256169), (No. 333-204507), (No. 333-144698) and (No. 333-125454) on Form S-8 and (No. 333-263375) and (No. 333-274161) on Form S-3 of our report dated December 13, 2024, relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears on page F-1 of this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024. 

/s/ BAKER TILLY US, LLP 

Chicago, IL 

December 13, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 gnss-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Richard S. Danforth, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Genasys Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: December 13, 2024 

/s/ Richard S. Danforth 

Richard S. Danforth, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 gnss-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Dennis D. Klahn, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Genasys Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: December 13, 2024 

/s/ Dennis D. Klahn 

Dennis D. Klahn Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 gnss-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL 
 FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in his or her capacity as an officer of Genasys Inc. (the Company ), that, to his or her knowledge, the Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (except as to the due date for filing) and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company as of the dates and for the periods presented in the financial statements included in such report. 
 Dated: December 13, 2024 

Richard S. Danforth, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dennis D. Klahn Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Genasys Inc. under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 gnss-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

