<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241125_10-K_edgar_data_1346022_0001062993-24-019582.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6870910</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>173091</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2333068</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1323517</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1757021</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1134406</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-24-019582.hdr.sgml : 20241125
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241122181857
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-24-019582
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241125
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Enertopia Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001346022
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51866
		FILM NUMBER:		241491282

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		#18, 1873 SPALL ROAD
		CITY:			KELOWNA
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V1Y 4R2
		BUSINESS PHONE:		250-870-2219

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		#18, 1873 SPALL ROAD
		CITY:			KELOWNA
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V1Y 4R2

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Golden Aria Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051205

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-24-019582.txt : 20241125

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Enertopia Corporation: Form 10-K - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 
 TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from [ ] to [ ] 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

., , BRITISH 

COLUMBIA , CANADA 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: - 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered 

N/A 

N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 N/A 
 (Title of class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 the Securities Act. 
 Yes [ ] [X] 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act 
 Yes [ ] [X] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days. 
 [X] No [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 [X] No [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer [ ] 
 Accelerated filer [ ] 

[X] 
 Smaller reporting company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting fi rm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes [ ] No 
 State the aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and ask price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 The aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on February 29, 2024 147,611,088 was based on a 0.018 closing price for the Common Stock on February 29, 2024. 
 For purposes of this computation, all executive officers and directors have been deemed to be affiliates. Such determination should not be deemed to be an admission that such executive officers and directors are, in fact, affiliates of the Registrant. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date. common shares as of November 22, 2024 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 8 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 13 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 13 Item 2. Properties 14 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 22 Item 4. (Removed and Reserved). 22 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 23 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 25 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 25 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 29 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 30 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 45 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 45 Item 9B. Other Information 46 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 47 Item 11. Executive Compensation 50 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 54 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 54 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 55 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 57 PART I Item 1. Business This annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may", "should", "expects", "plans", "anticipates", "believes", "estimates", "predicts", "potential" or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled "Risk Factors" that may cause our or our industry's actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. Our consolidated financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. In this annual report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to "common shares" refer to the common shares in our capital stock. As used in this annual report and unless otherwise indicated, the terms "we", "us", "our", "our Company, "the Company", and "Enertopia" mean Enertopia Corp. General Overview Enertopia Corp. was formed on November 24, 2004 under the laws of the State of Nevada and commenced operations on November 24, 2004. Enertopia is focused on building shareholder value through a combination of our Nevada Lithium claims and intellectual property patents in the green technology space. The Company controls 88 unpatented mineral lode claims in Esmeralda County, NV staked covering 1,818 acres of land administrated by the BLM on February 25, 2022. T he Company has been focused on using modern technology on extracting lithium and verifying or sourcing other intellectual property in the EV green technology sectors in developing environmental solutions. In May and August 2023, it announced three non-provisional patents applicable to the above sectors. The address of our principal executive office is #7 1873 Spall Rd., Kelowna, British Columbia V1Y 4R2. Our telephone number is (250) 870-2219. Our current location provides adequate office space for our purposes at this stage of our development. Summary of Recent Business During May of 2022, the Company began filing two provisional patents in the Clean Technology segment of our business with 2 more filings occurring during May and August of 2022 for a total of four filings. On August 15, 2022 the Company announced the filing of Non provisional patent #3, known as Enertopia Rainmaker TM By cooling the backside of the PV panels below the dew point the atmospheric moisture condenses on the back side of the panel and drips as rain into the tray collecting the water. On January 9, 2023, the Company's shares began trading on the Canadian Securities Exchange ("CSE") under the trading symbol ENRT. On January 12, 2023 the Company announced the filing of Non provisional patent #4, known as the EMS filed November 2, 2022. The EMS is a battery monitoring technology that helps to increase the life and health of monitored battery packs. On March 22, 2023, the Company held its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders At the Annual Meeting, the Company's stockholders voted on (1) the election of the following individuals to the board of directors: Robert McAllister, Kevin Brown, John Nelson; (2) the ratification of the appointment of Davidson Company LLP ("Davidson Company") as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending August 31, 2023; (3) approval of the increase in the Company's authorized share capital to 500,000,000 shares of common stock; (4) advisory vote on executive compensation; and (5) approval of the Company's 2023 stock option plan. All proposals were approved. 4 
 During February 2024, we received comments from the USPTO (United States Patent and Trademark Office) that the USPTO has declined our application for the Enertopia Solar Booster TM . We will not be pursuing this application any further. As a result, the 1,000,000 shares in escrow that were issued upon the condition of the granting of the patent will be returned to Treasury for cancellation. As of August 31, 2024 the shares were still in escrow. The Company held its AGM on May 17, 2024. On May 21, 2024 the Company reported on form 8-K that all resolutions were passed, which included a resolution for the Directors to consolidate the shares of the company based on a range of 1-5 to 1-20 consolidation. The exact number to be determined at the time the Directors decide to proceed with the share consolidation. At the time of filing of this report there has not been a decision to proceed with the share consolidation. Chronological Overview of our Business over the Last Five Years On October 28, 2019, the Company signed an LOI with Eagle Plains Resources Ltd. ("Eagle Plains"). To earn up to 75 interest in the Pine Channel gold project in Saskatchewan, Canada (the "Pine Channel SK Property"). The terms of the LOI included periodic payments cash payments, exploration expenditures, as well as issuance of common shares of the Company. Upon signing the LOI, the Company issued 1,000,000 of its common shares to Eagle Plains, valued at 11,489. On December 13 th 2019 the Company dropped the LOI with Eagle Plains Resources Ltd. On December 31 st 2019 the Company dropped its Canadian Securities Listing (CSE). On December 31 st 2019 the Company accepted the resignation of directors Kristian Ross and Kevin Brown. On February 11 th 2020 the Company signed a 1 Royalty agreement with respect to any future commercial lithium production from the Company's Clayton Valley, Nevada claims in exchange for 200,000. The Company has a right of first refusal to repurchase the royalty upon any proposed sale by the royalty holder to a third party. On February 25 th 2020 the Company signed Mark Snyder to a one year Technology Advisory Board. Monthly contract rate of 1,000 per month and the issuance of 2,000,000 stock options valid for two years at a strike price of 0.02 per share. On April 2, 2020 the Company announced its maiden 43-101 Lithium resource report. The project this report referenced was sold on May 5, 2022 for 1,050,000 in cash and 3,000,000 shares of Cypress Development Corp (renamed to Century Lithium), plus a 50,000 cash deposit received February 24, 2022. On October 30 th , 2020 the Company signed a 1 Royalty agreement with respect to any future commercial lithium production from the Company's Clayton Valley, Nevada claims in exchange for 250,000. The Company has a right of first refusal to repurchase the royalty upon any proposed sale by the royalty holder to a third party. On February 25, 2022, the Company had 88 unpatented mineral lode claims in Esmeralda County, NV staked covering 1,760 acres of land administrated by the BLM. During May of 2022, the Company began filing two provisional patents in the Clean Technology segment of our business with 2 more filings occurring during May and August of 2022 for a total of four filings. On August 15, 2022 the Company announced the filing of Non provisional patent #3, known as Enertopia Rainmaker TM By cooling the backside of the PV panels below the dew point the atmospheric moisture condenses on the back side of the panel and drips as rain into the tray collecting the water. On January 12, 2023 the Company announced the filing of Non provisional patent #4, known as the EMS filed November 2, 2022. The EMS is a battery monitoring technology that helps to increase the life and health of monitored battery packs. On November 2, 2023 the Company announced completion of its National Instrument 43-101 technical report for the West Tonopah (WT) Lithium Project (filed in on form 8K November 2, 2023). Key data from the report include: 5 
 Current geological modeling has separated the project into two mineral resource areas; the higher-lithium grade western area defined by 18 sonic drillholes, and the lower-lithium grade eastern area defined by 4 sonic drillholes. The western resource area is estimated to contain 212,000 tonnes lithium carbonate equivalent (LCE) of indicated mineral resources at 609 parts per million (ppm) lithium and 420,000 tonnes LCE of inferred mineral resources at 722 ppm. The lithium-claystone mineralization occurs in the near surface (between zero and approximately 70 feet of overburden). High-grade western resource zone currently accounts for 100 of the indicated and 94.4 of the inferred mineral resources at the WT Lithium Project. There is good potential for the indicated portion of the mineral resources in the west resource area to increase because the indicated resource is restricted to the current depth of the drilling with continuing mineralization evident at the end-of-hole depths in several drillholes. On January 19, 2024 the Company announced that one of the co inventors in CapNtrack was over come by a sudden illness and has passed away. After discussions with the Estate, Enertopia and the Estate have entered into a mutual Release and Settlement Agreement. Based on the terms of the Agreement the 2,500,000 shares held in escrow will be returned to Treasury for cancellation. Also, the 25 interest in CapNtrack held by the deceased co-inventor has been returned to Enertopia. Enertopia now has a 76 ownership interest in CapNtrack with the remaining inventor holding the remaining 24 interest. During February 2024, we received comments from the USPTO (United States Patent and Trademark Office) that the USPTO has declined our application for the Enertopia Solar Booster TM . We will not be pursuing this application any further. As a result, the 1,000,000 shares in escrow that were issued upon the condition of the granting of the patent will be returned to Treasury for cancellation. As of August 31, 2024 the shares were still in escrow. On May 29, 2024 the Company announced results of solution testing work performed on lithium mineralized material from our 2023 drill program on our West Tonopah Lithium project. Highlights of the process development and laboratory work completed to-date: HCL acid leaching - extraction of 97 lithium is achieved with 4 hours of retention time at 60 degrees C. HCL acid leaching - extraction of 91 lithium is achieved with 1 hour of retention time at 60 degrees C. Sulphuric acid leaching - extraction of 91 lithium is achieved with 4 hours of retention time at 60d degrees C. Sulphuric acid leaching - extraction of 79 lithium is achieved with 1 hour of retention time at 60 degrees C. Distilled water leaching for baseline test - extraction of 1 lithium is achieved with 24 hours or retention time at 23degrees C. The Company held its AGM on May 17, 2024. On May 21, 2024 the Company reported on form 8-K that all resolutions were passed, which included a resolution for the Directors to consolidate the shares of the company based on a range of 1-5 to 1-20 consolidation. The exact number to be determined at the time the Directors decide to proceed with the share consolidation. At the time of filing of this report there has not been a decision to proceed with the share consolidation. Our Current Business Enertopia is engaged in the business of Lithium exploration at their Nevada claims, along with performing research and development and holding intellectual property non provisional pending patents in the green technology space. Mineral Property West Tonopah Lithium On February 25, 2022, the Company had 88 unpatented mineral lode claims in Esmeralda County, NV staked covering 1,818 acres of land administrated by the BLM. The property is in good standing until September 1, 2025. Estimated respective yearly holding fees to the BLM 17,600 and 1,068 to Esmeralda County NV. Enertopia Claim name State or Federal Agency Claim number from Claim number to MS 1-88 BLM NV 105296951 NV 105297038 MS 1-88 Esmeralda County, NV 230856 230943 Company completed its maiden drill program in June 2022, second phase drill program April 2023 and has a published S-K 1300 Technical Resource report. Further information can be found at www.enertopia.com. 6 
 TECHNOLOGY The company continues to test off-the-shelf technology under the potential for lower capex scenarios in lithium extraction. NON PROVISIONAL PATENTS On May 23, 2022 the Company announced the filing of Non provisional patent #1, known as the Enertopia Solar Booster TM . The Enertopia Solar Booster captures heat from the solar panels, increasing PV output enhancing production and increasing the lifetime of the PV panels. On January 19, 2024 the Company announced that the USPTO had declined our Non provisional patent application and the Company has determined not to pursue the application. On May 23, 2022 the Company announced the filing of Non provisional patent #2, known as Enertopia Heat Extractor TM Heat Extractor Technology can be used behind the PV panels or in a glazed format on their own to create liquid temperatures to 200 degrees F and is undergoing USPTO review. On August 15, 2022 the Company announced the filing of Non provisional patent #3, known as Enertopia Rainmaker TM By cooling the backside of the PV panels below the dew point the atmospheric moisture condenses on the back side of the panel and drips as rain into the tray collecting the water, and is undergoing USPTO review. On November 4, 2021, the Company announced the provisional patent filing known as Energy Management System, this was subsequently filed as a non-provisional patent on November 2, 2022, and is undergoing USPTO review. Summary The continuation of our business is dependent upon obtaining further financing, a successful program of development, and, finally, achieving a profitable level of operations. The issuance of additional equity securities by us could result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans would be available, will increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. There are no assurances that we will be able to obtain further funds required for our continued operations. As noted herein, we are pursuing various financing alternatives to meet our immediate and long-term financial requirements. There can be no assurance that additional financing will be available to us when needed or, if available, that it can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. If we are not able to obtain the additional financing on a timely basis, we will be unable to conduct our operations as planned, and we will not be able to meet our other obligations as they become due. In such event, we will be forced to scale down or perhaps even cease our operations. There is significant uncertainty as to whether we can obtain additional financing. Employees We primarily used the services of sub-contractors and consultants for our intended business operations. Our technical consultant is Mr. McAllister, our president, CEO and a director. On November 30, 2007, Mr. McAllister was appointed as our President and on April 14, 2008 he was appointed as a director. On May 1, 2022, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with President of the Company for 9,500 per month plus goods and services tax ("GST") on a continuing basis. On July 1, 2024, Mr. McAllister voluntarily suspended and terminated accrual of these consulting fees. The Company has a consulting agreement with the CFO of the Company Mr. Allan Spissinger for corporate administration and consulting services for 7,500 per quarter plus goods and services tax ("GST") on a continuing basis. We do not expect any material changes in the number of employees over the next 12-month period. We do and will continue to outsource contract employment as needed. Research and Development We have incurred 313,241 in research and development expenditures over the last two fiscal years. 7 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business operations are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those set forth below: Risks Associated with Our Business Our company has no operating history and an evolving business model. Which raises doubt about our ability to achieve profitability or obtain financing. Our Company has no operating history. Moreover, our business model is still evolving, subject to change, and will rely on the cooperation and participation of our joint venture partners. Our Company's ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain adequate financing and to reach profitable levels of operations has and we no proven history of performance, earnings or success. There can be no assurance that we will achieve profitability or obtain future financing. Uncertain demand for mineral resources sector may cause our business plan to be unprofitable. Demand for mineral resources is based on the world economy and new technologies. Current lithium demand exceeds available supply due to the rapid increase in lithium batteries in portable electronics and the growing electric vehicle markets. There can be no assurance that current supply and demand factors will remain the same or that projected supply and demand factors will actually come to pass from 3 rd party projections that are currently believed to be true and accurate. There can be no assurance that new disruptive technologies will replace lithium as a significant component in battery storage over time. Conflicts of interest between our company and our directors and officers may result in a loss of business opportunity. Our directors and officers are not obligated to commit their full time and attention to our business and, accordingly, they may encounter a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our future operations and those of other businesses. In the course of their other business activities, they may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as other entities to which they owe a fiduciary duty. As a result, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. They may also in the future become affiliated with entities, engaged in business activities similar to those we intend to conduct. In general, officers and directors of a corporation are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; the opportunity is within the corporation's line of business; and it would be unfair to the corporation and its stockholders not to bring the opportunity to the attention of the corporation. We plan to adopt a code of ethics that obligates our directors, officers and employees to disclose potential conflicts of interest and prohibits those persons from engaging in such transactions without our consent. Despite our intentions, conflicts of interest may nevertheless arise which may deprive our company of a business opportunity, which may impede the successful development of our business and negatively impact the value of an investment in our company. The speculative nature of our business plan may result in the loss of your investment. Our operations are in the start-up or early stage only and are unproven. We may not be successful in implementing our business plan to become profitable. There may be less demand for our services than we anticipate. There is no assurance that our business will succeed, and you may lose your entire investment. Changing consumer preferences may cause our planned products to be unsuccessful in the marketplace. The decision of a potential client to undergo an environmental audit or review may be based on ethical or commercial reasons. In some instances, or with certain businesses, there may be no assurance that an environmental review will result in any cost savings or increased revenues. As such, unless the ethical consideration is also a material factor, there may be no incentive for such businesses to undertake an environmental review. Changes in consumer and commercial preferences, or trends, toward or away from environmental issues may impact on businesses" decisions to undergo environmental reviews. 8 
 General economic factors may negatively impact the market for our planned products. The willingness of businesses to spend time and money on energy efficiency may be dependent upon general economic conditions; and any material downturn may reduce the likelihood of businesses incurring costs toward what some businesses may consider a discretionary expense item. A wide range of economic and logistical factors may negatively impact our operating results. Our operating results will be affected by a wide variety of factors that could materially affect revenues and profitability, including the timing and cancellation of customer orders and projects, competitive pressures on pricing, availability of personnel, and market acceptance of our services. As a result, we may experience material fluctuations in future operating results on a quarterly and annual basis which could materially affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Changes in environmental regulations may have an impact on our operations We believe that we currently comply with existing environmental laws and regulations affecting our proposed operations. While there are no currently known proposed changes in these laws or regulations, significant changes have affected the industry in the past and additional changes may occur in the future. The company is subject to the Bureau of Land Management ("BLM"), State and potentially other government agencies with respect to its lithium brine business. Our operations may be subject to environmental laws, regulations and rules promulgated from time to time by government. In addition, certain types of operations require the submission and approval of environmental impact assessments. Environmental legislation is evolving in a manner that means stricter standards and enforcement. Fines and penalties for non-compliance are more stringent. Environmental assessments of proposed projects carry a heightened degree of responsibility for companies, directors, officers and employees. The cost of compliance with changes in governmental regulations has potential to reduce the profitability of operations. We intend to comply with all environmental regulations in the United States and Canada. If we fail to effectively and efficiently advertise, the growth of our business may be compromised. The future growth and profitability of our business will be dependent in part on the effectiveness and efficiency of our advertising and promotional expenditures, including our ability to (i) create greater awareness of our products, (ii) determine the appropriate creative message and media mix for future advertising expenditures, and (iii) effectively manage advertising and promotional costs in order to maintain acceptable operating margins. There can be no assurance that we will experience benefits from advertising and promotional expenditures in the future. In addition, no assurance can be given that our planned advertising and promotional expenditures will result in increased revenues, will generate levels of service and name awareness or that we will be able to manage such advertising and promotional expenditures on a cost-effective basis. Our success is dependent on our unproven ability to attract qualified personnel. We depend on our ability to attract, retain and motivate our management team, consultants and advisors. There is strong competition for qualified technical and management personnel in the business sector, and it is expected that such competition will increase. Our planned growth will place increased demands on our existing resources and will likely require the addition of technical personnel and the development of additional expertise by existing personnel. There can be no assurance that our compensation packages will be sufficient to ensure the continued availability of qualified personnel who are necessary for the development of our business. We have a limited operating history with losses, and we expect the losses to continue, which raises concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have generated minimal revenues since our inception and will, in all likelihood, continue to incur operating expenses with minimal revenues until we are able to successfully develop our business. Our business plan will require us to incur further expenses. We may not be able to ever become profitable. These circumstances raise concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have a limited operating history and must be considered in the start-up stage. There is an explanatory paragraph to their audit opinion issued in connection with the consolidated financial statements for the year ended August 31, 2024 with respect to their doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended August 31, 2024, we have incurred cumulative losses of 15,524,969 that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Our management has been able, thus far, to finance the operations through equity financing and cash on hand. There is no assurance that our company will be able to continue to finance our company on this basis. 9 
 Without additional financing to develop our business plan, our business may fail. Because we have generated only minimal revenue from our business and cannot anticipate when we will be able to generate meaningful revenue from our business, we will need to raise additional funds to conduct and grow our business. We do not currently have sufficient financial resources to completely fund the development of our business plan. We anticipate that we will need to raise further financing. We do not currently have any arrangements for financing and we can provide no assurance to investors that we will be able to find such financing if required. The most likely source of future funds presently available to us is through the sale of equity capital. Any sale of share capital will result in dilution to existing security-holders. We may not be able to obtain all of the licenses necessary to operate our business, which would cause our business to fail. Our operations require licenses and permits from various governmental authorities related to the establishment of our planned facilities, to the production, storage and distribution of our products, and to the disposal of waste. We believe that we will be able to obtain all necessary licenses and permits under applicable laws and regulations for our operations and believe we will be able to comply in all material respects with the terms of such licenses and permits. However, such licenses and permits are subject to change in various circumstances. There can be no guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain all necessary licenses and permits. If we are unable to recruit or retain qualified personnel, it could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and stock price. Our success depends in large part on the continued services of our executive officers and third party relationships. We currently do not have key person insurance on these individuals. The loss of these people, especially without advance notice, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and our stock price. It is also very important that we be able to attract and retain highly skilled personnel, including technical personnel, to accommodate our exploration plans and to replace personnel who leave. Competition for qualified personnel can be intense, and there are a limited number of people with the requisite knowledge and experience. Under these conditions, we could be unable to recruit, train, and retain employees. If we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel, it could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and stock price. If we fail to effectively manage our growth our future business results could be harmed and our managerial and operational resources may be strained. As we proceed with our business plan, we expect to experience significant and rapid growth in the scope and complexity of our business. We will need to add staff to market our services, manage operations, handle sales and marketing efforts and perform finance and accounting functions. We will be required to hire a broad range of additional personnel in order to successfully advance our operations. This growth is likely to place a strain on our management and operational resources. The failure to develop and implement effective systems, or to hire and retain sufficient personnel for the performance of all of the functions necessary to effectively service and manage our potential business, or the failure to manage growth effectively, could have a materially adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Our internal computer systems, or those of our contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our technology development programs. Despite the implementation of cyber security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. Such events could cause interruptions of our operations. For example, the loss of data or data from any future technology programs could result in delays in our development and significantly increase our costs. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the development of our technologies could be delayed. Our proprietary information, or that of our consultants, suppliers and business partners, may be lost or we may suffer security breaches. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, technology data, our proprietary business information and that of our consultant, suppliers and business partners in our data centers and on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Although to our knowledge we have not experienced any such material security breach to date, any such breach could compromise our network, or the networks of our consultants or other third-party service providers, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, regulatory penalties, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our products and our ability to conduct technology programs, which could adversely affect our business and reputation and lead to delays in technology development, patent filings, and other programs. Although we maintain business interruption insurance coverage, our insurance might not cover all losses from any future breaches of our systems. 10 
 Failure of our information technology systems could significantly disrupt the operation of our business. Our business increasingly depends on the use of information technologies, which means that certain key areas such as research and development are to a large extent dependent on our information systems or those of consultants or third-party providers. Our ability to execute our business plan and to comply with regulatory requirements with respect to data control and data integrity, depends, in part, on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our information technology systems, or IT systems and the IT systems supplied by consultants and third-party service providers. These systems are vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, malicious human acts and natural disasters. Moreover, despite network security and backup measures, some of our servers are potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptive problems. Despite the precautionary measures we, our consultants and our third-party service providers have taken to prevent unanticipated problems that could affect our IT systems, sustained or repeated system failures or problems arising during the upgrade of any of our IT systems that interrupt our ability to generate and maintain data, and in particular to operate our proprietary technology platform, could adversely affect our ability to operate our business. Our information technology systems could face serious disruptions that could adversely affect our business. Our information technology and other internal infrastructure systems, including corporate firewalls, servers, leased lines and connection to the Internet, face the risk of systemic failure that could disrupt our operations. A significant disruption in the availability of our information technology and other internal infrastructure systems could cause interruptions in our collaborations with our partners and delays in our research and development work. Risks Associated with the Shares of Our Company Because we do not intend to pay any dividends on our shares, investors seeking dividend income or liquidity should not purchase our shares. We have not declared or paid any dividends on our shares since inception, and do not anticipate paying any such dividends for the foreseeable future. We presently do not anticipate that we will pay dividends on any of our common stock in the foreseeable future. If payment of dividends does occur at some point in the future, it would be contingent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements, and general financial condition. The payment of any common stock dividends will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors. We presently intend to retain all earnings to implement our business plan; accordingly, we do not anticipate the declaration of any dividends for common stock in the foreseeable future. Investors seeking dividend income or liquidity should not invest in our shares. Because we can issue additional shares, purchasers of our shares may incur immediate dilution and may experience further dilution. We are authorized to issue up to 500,000,000 shares. The board of directors of our company has the authority to cause us to issue additional shares, and to determine the rights, preferences and privileges of such shares, without consent of any of our stockholders. Consequently, our stockholders may experience more dilution in their ownership of our company in the future. Other Risks Trading on the OCTQB and CSE may be volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their shares . Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB electronic quotation service operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. and on the CSE (Canadian Stock Exchange) a recognized Stock Exchange. Trading in stock quoted on the OTCQB is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Moreover, the OTCQB is not a stock exchange, and trading of securities on the OTCQB is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a quotation system like Nasdaq or a stock exchange like Amex. Accordingly, shareholders may have difficulty reselling shares. 11 
 Our stock is a penny stock. Trading of our stock may be restricted by the Securities and Exchange Commission's penny stock regulations which may limit a stockholder's ability to buy and sell our stock. Our stock is a penny stock. The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted Rule 15g-9 which generally defines "penny stock" to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined) less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established customers and "accredited investors". The term "accredited investor" refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer's confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in and limit the marketability of our common stock. The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, has adopted sales practice requirements which may also limit a stockholder's ability to buy and sell our stock. In addition to the "penny stock" rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer's financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. We believe that our operations comply, in all material respects, with all applicable environmental regulations. Our operating partners maintain insurance coverage customary to the industry; however, we are not fully insured against all possible environmental risks. Any change to government regulation/administrative practices may have a negative impact on our ability to operate and our profitability. The laws, regulations, policies or current administrative practices of any government body, organization or regulatory agency in the United States, Canada, or any other jurisdiction, may be changed, applied or interpreted in a manner which will fundamentally alter the ability of our company to carry on our business. The actions, policies or regulations, or changes thereto, of any government body or regulatory agency, or other special interest groups, may have a detrimental effect on us. Any or all of these situations may have a negative impact on our ability to operate and/or our profitably. Because we can issue additional shares, purchasers of our shares may incur immediate dilution and may experience further dilution. We are authorized to issue up to 500,000,000 shares. The board of directors of our company has the authority to cause us to issue additional shares, and to determine the rights, preferences and privileges of such shares, without consent of any of our stockholders. Consequently, our stockholders may experience more dilution in their ownership of our company in the future. Our by-laws contain provisions indemnifying our officers and directors against all costs, charges and expenses incurred by them. Our by-laws contain provisions with respect to the indemnification of our officers and directors against all costs, charges and expenses, including an amount paid to settle an action or satisfy a judgment, actually and reasonably incurred by him, including an amount paid to settle an action or satisfy a judgment in a civil, criminal or administrative action or proceeding to which he is made a party by reason of his being or having been one of our directors or officers. 12 
 Investors' interests in our company will be diluted and investors may suffer dilution in their net book value per share if we issue additional shares or raise funds through the sale of equity securities. Our constating documents authorize the issuance of 500,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of 0.001. In the event that we are required to issue any additional shares or enter into private placements to raise financing through the sale of equity securities, investors" interests in our company will be diluted and investors may suffer dilution in their net book value per share depending on the price at which such securities are sold. If we issue any such additional shares, such issuances also will cause a reduction in the proportionate ownership and voting power of all other shareholders. Further, any such issuance may result in a change in our control. Our by-laws do not contain anti-takeover provisions, which could result in a change of our management and directors if there is a take-over of our company. We do not currently have a shareholder rights plan or any anti-takeover provisions in our By-laws. Without any anti-takeover provisions, there is no deterrent for a take-over of our company, which may result in a change in our management and directors. As a result of a majority of our directors and officers are residents of other countries other than the United States, investors may find it difficult to enforce, within the United States, any judgments obtained against our company or our directors and officers. Our only office space is located Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada and we do not currently maintain a permanent place of business within the United States. In addition, a majority of our directors and officers are nationals and/or residents of countries other than the United States, and all or a substantial portion of such persons" assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to enforce within the United States any judgments obtained against our company or our officers or directors, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof. Trends, risks and uncertainties. We have sought to identify what we believe to be the most significant risks to our business, but we cannot predict whether, or to what extent, any of such risks may be realized nor can we guarantee that we have identified all possible risks that might arise such as a black swan event. An absolute worst case scenario with sufficient potential impact to risk the future of the company as an independent business operating in its chosen markets. Significant reputational impact as a result of a major issue resulting in multiple fatalities, possibly compounded by apparently negligent management behavior; extreme adverse press coverage and viral social media linking the Company name to consumer brands, leads to a catastrophic share price fall, very significant loss of consumer confidence and inability to retain and recruit quality people. Investors should carefully consider all of such risk factors before making an investment decision with respect to our common shares. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments As a "smaller reporting company", we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 1C. Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy We have established policies and processes for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats, and have integrated these processes into our overall risk management systems and processes. We routinely assess material risks from cybersecurity threats, including any potential unauthorized occurrence on or conducted through our information systems that may result in adverse effects on the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our information systems or any information residing therein. We conduct risk assessments at least annually to identify cybersecurity threats. These risk assessments include identifying reasonably foreseeable potential internal and external risks, the likelihood of occurrence and any potential damage that could result from such risks, and the sufficiency of existing policies, procedures, systems, controls and other safeguards we have put in place to manage such risks. Our risk management process also encompasses cybersecurity risks associated with the use of our major third-party vendors and service providers. Following these risk assessments, we design, implement, and maintain reasonable safeguards to minimize the identified risks; reasonably address any identified gaps in existing safeguards; update existing safeguards as necessary; and monitor the effectiveness of our safeguards. We believe we have allocated adequate resources related to our cybersecurity risk management processes and have designated our Chief Executive Officer responsible with the responsibility of managing the cybersecurity risk assessment and mitigation process. 13 
 As part of our overall risk management program, we provide required training to consultants and employees in high risk areas on cybersecurity. For additional information regarding whether any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our company, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition, please refer to Item 1A, "Risk Factors," in this annual report on Form 10-K , including the risk factors entitled "Our internal computer systems, or those of our contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our technology development programs," "Our proprietary information, or that of our customers, suppliers and business partners, may be lost or we may suffer security breaches," and "Failure of our information technology systems could significantly disrupt the operation of our business. Item 2. Properties Executive Offices The address of our executive office is #7 1873 Spall Rd., Kelowna, British Columbia V1Y 4R2. Our main telephone number is (250) 870-2219. Our current location provides adequate office space for our purposes at this stage of our development. West Tonopah Lithium Exploration Project Property Introduction The West Tonopah Lithium Project consists of 88 unpatented Lode Mining Claims that are 100 owned by Enertopia and encompass a contiguous land position of approximately 1,818 acers. The Property encompasses all of Sections 19 and 30 Township 42N and Range 4E, and parts of Section 20 Township 42N and Range 4E and Sections 24 and 25 Township 3N Range 41E (Fig. 1). The centroid of the Property in Lambert Conformal projection is at Latitude 38.092867028 and Longitude -117.305668157. The claims were acquired directly from the United States Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management. Estimated respective yearly holding fees to the BLM is 17,600 and 1,068 to Esmeralda County NV. To date 10,500 has been capitalized to the project and 732,493 in exploration and property expenses have been recorded as mineral exploration expenses. The lithium-claystone project occurs within the Big Smoky Valley basin of Esmeralda County, NV, approximately 4 miles (6.4 km) west of the Unincorporated Town of Tonopah. The Property can be accessed via the United States Highway Route 6, a well-maintained paved highway that divides the property into southern and northern portions. Additional road access within the property is via a paved two-lane road that extends north from US 6 and numerous trails located throughout the property. No written records have been located with respect to historic ownership or previous work on the project. However, several historic shallow pits believed to be from uranium exploration in the 1950's, 1960's exist on the project. Enertopia has obtained surface authorization rights in the form of a Notice of Intent (NOI) through the Bureau of Land Management Tonopah Field Office and a current NOI bond for 5,596 is held by the State of Nevada Minerals Division. There are no royalties applicable to the West Tonopah Lode Claims. If mineral extraction were to occur in the future on these claims, the State of Nevada would impose taxes. Other State and Federal permits associated with an early exploration stage project include: In accordance with Nevada water law, the exploration company/individual must obtain a permit or waiver for the temporary use of water for mineral exploration prior to activities such as drilling. The acquisition of a water permit involves an application to the Nevada Division of Water Resources, which undergoes evaluation based on factors such as water availability, potential conflicts with existing rights, public interest, and impact on domestic wells http://water.nv.gov ). Plugging or exploration holes must usually begin within 30 days after data has been collected from the hole. Any mineral development or exploration activities conducted under the General Mining law of 1872 on National Forest System lands must be approved pursuant to the Surface management Regulations (36 CFR 228). An operator must provide information describing the proposed activity to the District Ranger (i.e., the approved Exploration Plan of Operations and bond). Road Use Permits and other Special Use Permits may be required for access and utilities. 14 
 If the West Tonopah Lithium Project ever advances to the production stage, an updated Plan of Operations with all the construction and mining details needs to be submitted, and approved, by the BLM. A list of State and Federal permits and actions required during planning, development, construction, and before operation of Nevada mines and mills can take place has been summarized by the Nevada Bureau of Mines and Geology (2018). Environmental Liabilities With respect to environmental liabilities, the Company is subject to compliance with operating, reclamation, and monitoring measures outlined in the BLM's Notice NVN- 101244, and the general and specific performance standards outlined in 43 CFR subpart 3809.420. Enertopia is exploring the Miocene-aged Siebert Formation sedimentary and volcaniclastic rocks in the Big Smoky Valley basin for their lithium-claystone potential. During 2021-2023, Enertopia conducted 1) 2021 prospecting and a winkie drill program, and 2) 2022 and 2023 sonic drill programs that collectively drilled 22 holes to a total depth of 4,913.0 feet (1,497.5 m). The Enertopia exploration program results demonstrate the Siebert Formation is enriched in lithium and that portions of the West Tonopah Lithium Project have a lithium inventory with reasonable prospects of eventual economic extraction. It is the Qualified Person's opinion that the exploration work conducted by Enertopia at the West Tonopah Lithium Project is reasonable and within the standard practices for the evaluation of lithium-claystone deposit type projects. Property Location and Access Map Fig 1 15 
 Property Location and Access Map Fig 2 16 
 Claims Location Fig 3 17 
 Geological Setting Tectonic extension, which began around 17 Ma, formed the Basin and Range Province physiography that is defined by alternating mountain ranges (horsts) and elongated valleys (grabens) attributed to crustal extension and faulting along the western margin of North America. Valleys and low-lying grabens in the Basin and Range Province are filled with sedimentary rocks eroded from nearby mountains, or accumulated evaporite deposits from playa lakes formed within the topographical lows. The Big Smoky Valley represents a drainage divide landform within the Tonopah Basin. 18 
 The Miocene Siebert Formation (17-13 Ma) was derived from volcaniclastic fluvial and lacustrine deposits that include mudstone, siltstone, sandstone, and conglomerate with intercalated pyroclastic flows and tuff. The mineralisation belongs to the lithium-claystone deposit type. The Siebert Formation, and particularly the mudstone dominant horizons, at the Western Tonopah Lithium Project are enriched in lithium. Of 754 sonic drill core samples logged and analyzed by Enertopia, the minimum and maximum lithium values range from below the minimum limit of detection (20 ppm Li) to 1,520 ppm Li with an average value of 583.1 ppm Li. Mineral Resource Estimations The mineral resource estimation work was conducted in accordance with the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum definition standards and best practice guidelines, National Instrument 43-101 Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects, and in accordance with the requirements of S-K 1300. The lithium-claystone resources defined in the technical report are constrained 1) stratigraphically to the Siebert Formation sedimentary and pyroclastic rock strata, and 2) are spatially split into the west and east resource areas divided by a Qualified Person-interpreted north-south trending fault. Critical steps in the determination of the lithium-claystone resource model and estimations included: Definition of the geology and geometry of the Siebert Formation sedimentary and pyroclastic rocks in the west and east resource areas utilizing a 10 m resolution Digital Elevation Model, and geological information from 5 winkie drillholes and 22 sonic drillholes. Lithium grade estimation of the Siebert Formation blocks utilizing 766 lithium assays including 12 and 754 assays from the winkie and Sonic drill programs, respectively. To ensure lithium metal grades were not overestimated, composites were capped to specified maximum values of 1,250 ppm and 670 ppm in the west and east resource areas. Based on the drillhole spacing and detail within the 3D geological model, a block model with a block size of 66 x 66 x 10 feet (or 20 m by 20 m in the horizontal directions and 3 m in the vertical direction was generated). The Ordinary Kriging (OK) technique was used to estimate the lithium at each parent block within the Siebert Formation wireframe. A two-pass method was employed that used two different search ellipses. The West Tonopah Lithium Project is a project of merit in that there is a concentration or occurrence of lithium-claystone in such form, grade or quality and quantity that there are reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction. A conceptual pit shell based on theoretical, but reasonable, parameters (such as a lithium recovery of 80 demonstrated that blocks contained within the conceptual pit satisfy the test of reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction. A nominal density of 1.70 g/cm 3 was applied to convert the Siebert Formation block volumes to tonnage based on analogous Tonopah- and Siebert Formation-based mineral resource studies. In determining the lower cutoff value, the Qualified Person reviewed the Enertopia drill core assay database in conjunction with several lithium-claystone early-and advanced-stage projects in Nevada, including those in the Tonopah region (Fayram et al., 2020; Loveday and Turner, 2020; Cukor et al., 2022; Roth et al., 2022; RESPEC, 2023; Riordan et al., 2023). The QP considers a lower cutoff of 400 ppm Li is reasonable based on publicly available comparative information. In consideration of Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy, and Petroleum definition standards and S-K 1300, the west resource area is classified as indicated and inferred mineral resources and the east resource area is classified as an inferred mineral resource (Tables 1,2,3 below). Based on the total in-situ (global) blocks contained within the conceptual pit shell, which utilizes a three-year average lithium carbonate price of 26,500/tonne and a cutoff of 400 ppm Li, the West Tonopah Lithium Project's mineral resource estimations are summarized as follows: The west resource area has an indicated lithium-claystone resource estimate of 44,000 short tons (40,000 metric tonnes) of elemental Li (Table 1). The global (total) lithium carbonate equivalent (LCE) for the west indicated resource area, which is calculated by multiplying elemental lithium by a factor of 5.323, is 233,000 short tons (212,000 metric tonnes) LCE. The west resource area has an inferred lithium-claystone resource estimate of 87,000 short tons (79,000 metric tonnes) of elemental Li (Table 2). This translates to 463,000 short tons (420,000 metric tonnes) LCE. 19 
 The east resource area has a lithium-claystone inferred resource estimate of 5,000 short tons (5,000 metric tonnes) of elemental Li (Table 2). This translates to 27,000 short tons (25,000 metric tonnes) LCE. Mineral resources are not mineral reserves and do not have demonstrated economic viability. There is no guarantee that all or any part of the mineral resource will be converted into a mineral reserve. The estimate of mineral resources may be materially affected by geology, environment, permitting, legal, title, taxation, socio-political, marketing, or other relevant issues. An inferred mineral resource has a lower level of confidence than that applying to an indicated mineral resource and must not be converted to a mineral reserve. It is reasonably expected that most inferred mineral resources could be upgraded to indicated mineral resources with continued exploration. Table 1 West Tonopah Lithium Project west resource area indicated lithium-claystone resource estimate. The indicated mineral resource is reported for the Siebert Formation as a total (global) volume and tonnage using a lower cutoff of 400 ppm Li. West Resource Area Indicated Mineral Resource Estimate Li Cutoff (ppm) Rock Mass Contained Metal Average Li Grade (ppm) Metric tonnes (t) Short tons (st) Metric tonnes (t) Short tons (st) Li LCE Li LCE 400 65,322,000 72,005,000 40,000 212,000 44,000 233,000 609 Note 1: Mineral resources are not mineral reserves and do not have demonstrated economic viability. Note 2: The weights are reported in United States short tons (2,000 lbs or 907.2 kg) and metric tonnes (1,000 kg or 2,204.6 lbs). The tonnage numbers are rounded to the nearest 1,000 unit, and therefore, may not add up. Note 3: The density used to convert volume to tonnage is 1.70 g/cm 3 for the Siebert Formation and the overburden/pediment. Note 4: The mineral resource is contained within a conceptual pit shell in which blocks meet the test of reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction. The estimation assumes a lithium recovery factor of 80 . Note 5: To describe the resource in terms of the industry standard, a conversion factor of 5.323 is used to convert elemental Li to Li 2 CO 3 , or Lithium Carbonate Equivalent (LCE). Table 2 West Tonopah Lithium Project west and east resource areas inferred lithium-claystone resource estimate. The inferred mineral resources are reported for the Siebert Formation as a total (global) volume and tonnage using a lower cutoff of 400 ppm Li. A) West Resource Area Inferred Mineral Resource Estimate Li Cutoff (ppm) Rock Mass Contained Metal Average Li Grade (ppm) Metric tonnes (t) Short tons (st) Metric tonnes (t) Short tons (st) Li LCE Li LCE 400 109,366,000 120,556,000 79,000 420,000 87,000 463,000 722 B) East Resource Area Inferred Mineral Resource Estimate Li Cutoff (ppm) Rock Mass Contained Metal Average Li Grade (ppm) Metric tonnes (t) Short tons (st) Metric tonnes (t) Short tons (st) Li LCE Li LCE 400 9,314,000 10,267,000 5,000 25,000 5,000 27,000 499 Note 1: Mineral resources are not mineral reserves and do not have demonstrated economic viability. Note 2: The weights are reported in United States short tons (2,000 lbs or 907.2 kg) and metric tonnes (1,000 kg or 2,204.6 lbs). The tonnage numbers are rounded to the nearest 1,000 unit, and therefore, may not add up. Note 3: The density used to convert volume to tonnage is 1.70 g/cm 3 for the Siebert Formation and the overburden/pediment. Note 4: The mineral resource is contained within a conceptual pit shell in which blocks meet the test of reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction. The estimation assumes a lithium recovery factor of 80 . Note 5: To describe the resource in terms of the industry standard, a conversion factor of 5.323 is used to convert elemental Li to Li 2 CO 3 , or Lithium Carbonate Equivalent (LCE). 20 
 C) Mineral Resource Estimate Summary Table Classification Rock Mass Contained Metal Average Li Grade (ppm) Metric tonnes (t) Short tons (st) Metric tonnes (t) Short tons (st) Li LCE Li LCE Indicated 65,322,000 72,005,000 40,000 212,000 44,000 233,000 609 Inferred 118,681,000 130,823,000 84,000 445,000 92,000 491,000 705 Note 1: Mineral resources are not mineral reserves and do not have demonstrated economic viability. Note 2: The weights are reported in United States short tons (2,000 lbs or 907.2 kg) and metric tonnes (1,000 kg or 2,204.6 lbs). The tonnage numbers are rounded to the nearest 1,000 unit, and therefore, may not add up. Note 3: The density used to convert volume to tonnage is 1.70 g/cm 3 for the Siebert Formation and the overburden/pediment. Note 4: The mineral resource is contained within a conceptual pit shell in which blocks meet the test of reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction. The estimation assumes a lithium recovery factor of 80 . Note 5: To describe the resource in terms of the industry standard, a conversion factor of 5.323 is used to convert elemental Li to Li 2 CO 3 , or Lithium Carbonate Equivalent (LCE). Collectively, the West Tonopah Lithium Project is predicted to contain 1) an indicated mineral resource in the west resource area of 44,000 short tons (40,000 metric tonnes) of elemental lithium, and 2) combined inferred mineral resources in the west and east resource areas of 92,000 short tons (84,000 metric tonnes) of elemental lithium. The west and east mineral resource areas are overlain by 71.9 and 11.0 million short tons (65.2 and 10.0 million metric tonnes) of overburden-pediment waste material, respectively. Risks and Uncertainties The mineral resource model and estimations are based on Enertopia's 2021-2023 exploration work at the West Tonopah Lithium Project. The lithium-claystone resources are subject to change as the project achieves higher levels of confidence in the geological setting, mineralisation, lithium recovery process development, and the implemented cutoff values. The current specific areas of uncertainty with the resource model include the inferred (speculated) fault zone that divides the west and resource areas, detailed stratigraphic modelling of specific Siebert Formation rock units, and the density used to calculate tonnage. The Qualified Person is not aware of any other significant material risks to the mineral resources other than the risks that are inherent to mineral exploration and development in general. With respect to mineral processing, there is no guarantee that the Company can successfully extract lithium from claystone in a commercial capacity. The extraction technology is still at the developmental stage and while the Company has conducted preliminary indicative leach test work, the Qualified Person notes that no optimisation, variability, or reproducibility work has been undertaken at this stage of the study. This work is required prior to any solution impurity purification work. As the technology advances, there is the risk that the scalability of any initial mineral processing bench-scale and/or demonstration pilot test work may not translate to a full-scale commercial operation. Quality Assurance - Quality Control The QP assessed Enertopia's QA-QC dataset, which consisted of sample standards and duplicate analyses. Sample blanks were not used. The Company conducted all analytical work at ALS Vancouver and no check labs were commissioned. All QA-QC work was conducted on the Company's drill core samples. The analytical results of the duplicate pairs and standard samples are presented in the text that follows. As an assessment of data quality and estimate of precision or reproducibility of the analytical results, the average percent relative standard deviation (also known as the coefficient of variation), or average RSD is calculated using the formula: RSD = standard deviation/mean x 100. Average RSD values below 30 are considered to indicate very good data quality; between 30 and 50 , moderate quality and over 50 , poor quality. The RSD of the duplicate pair's ranges from zero to 34.4 . If the single duplicate pair samples with 34.4 RSD is removed, then the reproducibility improves significantly such that RSD range is zero to 4 . The QP concludes that most of the duplicate samples exhibit very good data quality. The reason for the single duplicate pair with an RSD of 34.4 is not known; the QP recommends that these samples are revisited by Enertopia to check sampled IDs and the Company's dataset. It is possible that the sample needs to be re-analyzed. Figure 11.1 shows the precision of the duplicate pairs with an R2 values 0.9747; this would improve to a near 1:1 relationship if the 'outlier' duplicate pair described above was removed from the plot. It is the QPs opinion that the duplicate pair sample analysis shows excellent precision and reproducibility of analytical results. 21 
 The QP has reviewed the adequacy of the sample preparation, security, and analytical procedures conducted by Enertopia and found no significant issues or inconsistencies that would cause one to question the validity of the data. A reasonable practical level of sample security from the field to the analytical laboratories is maintained by Enertopia. The QPs review of the QA-QC results provides the opinion that the data is of reasonable quality, minimal contamination occurred during sample preparation and at the laboratories, and the analytical results are repeatable with good precision and accuracy. The QP is therefore satisfied with the adequacy of the sample preparation, security, and analytical procedures as implemented by Enertopia. The resulting exploration and drill-hole assay databases are reasonable and sufficient for ongoing exploration activities and target generation. The core logging and drill core assay database is of reasonable quality to formulate three-dimensional models, define the geometry of mineralized zones, and for use in mineral resource estimations. It is recommended that Enertopia bolster its QA-QC protocols in the future by considering the addition of Certified Reference Materials, sample blanks, and a secondary check laboratory. References Cukor, D., Hilscher, B. (2022): Updated resource estimate, Zeus Lithium Project, Esmeralda County, NV; Prepared for Noram Lithium Corporation by ABH Engineering Inc., Effective Date December 1, 2022, 97 p. Fayram, T.S., Lane, T.A., and Brown, J.J. (2020): NI 43-101 technical report, Feasibility Study Clayton Valley Lithium Project; prepared for Cypress Development Corp. by Global Resource Engineering, Effective Date August 5, 2020, 181 p. Loveday, D., (2020). NI 43-101 Technical Report, TLC Property, Nye County, Nevada, USA; Prepared for American Lithium Corp. by Stantec Consulting Ltd., Effective date April 15, 2020, 105 p. RESPEC (2023): SK 1300 technical report summary of the Tonopah Flats Lithium Project, Esmeralda and Nye Counties, Nevada, USA; prepared for American Battery Technology Company by Respec, Effective Date November 8, 2022, 96 p. Roth, D., Tahija, L., Iasillo, E., Martina, K., Chow, B., Mutler, W., Bahe, K., Kaplan, P., Cluff, T., and Shannon, B. (2022): Feasibility Study NI 43-101 technical report for the Thacker Pass Project, Humbolt County, Nevada, USA; Prepared for Lithium Americas by M3 Engineering Technology Corporation, Effective date November 2, 2022, 335 p. Item 3. Legal Proceedings We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against us, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our Company. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable 22 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common shares are quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board and the OTCQB quotation service and on the CSE under the symbol "ENRT." Our CUSIP number is 29277Q 107. The following quotations reflect the high and low bids for our common shares based on inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. The high and low bid prices of our common stock on the OTCQB quotation service and Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board for the periods indicated below are as follows: Quarter Ended (1) High Low August 2024 0.015 0.007 May 2024 0.023 0.013 February 2024 0.024 0.012 November 2023 0.034 0.013 Quarter Ended (1) High Low August 2023 0.031 0.015 May 2023 0.05 0.022 February 2023 0.057 0.02 November 2022 0.05 0.026 (1) The quotations above were obtained from Stockwatch.com, reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. On November 22, 2024, the last closing price for one share of our common stock as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board was 0.0161. This closing price reflects an inter-dealer price, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not represent an actual transaction. The high and low bid prices (given in Canadian Dollars) of our common stock on the Canadian Securities Exchange for the periods indicated below are as follows: Quarter Ended (1) High Low August 2024 0.02 0.01 May 2024 0.035 0.015 February 2024 0.035 0.015 November 2023 0.035 0.01 August 2023 0.045 0.010 May 2023 0.08 0.035 February 2023 0.09 0.04 November 2022 N/A N/A (1) The quotations above were obtained from TD Waterhouse Investor Services and/or stockwatch.com, reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. Before January 9, 2023 the company's shares were not trading on the CSE. As of the May 2024 Annual General Meeting, there were 5,345 holders of record of our common stock. As of November 29, 2023, 155,166,088 common shares were issued and outstanding. 23 
 Our common shares are issued in registered form. Nevada Agency and Trust Company is the registered agent, 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno, Nevada 89501 (Telephone: 775.322.0626; Facsimile: 775.322.5623). Dividend Policy We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and have no present intention of paying any dividends on the shares of our common stock. Our current policy is to retain earnings, if any, for use in our operations and in the development of our business. Our future dividend policy will be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Equity Compensation Plan Information We have no long-term incentive plans other than the stock option plan described below: 2014 Stock Option Plan On July 15, 2014, the shareholders approved and adopted at the Annual General Meeting the Company's 2014 Stock Option Plan. The purpose of these Plan is to advance the interests of the Corporation, through the grant of Options, by providing an incentive mechanism to foster the interest of eligible persons in the success of the Corporation and its affiliates; encouraging eligible persons to remain with the Corporation or its affiliates; and attracting new Directors, Officers, Employees and Consultants. This Plan shall be administered by our board. Subject to the provisions of this Plan, our board shall have the authority: to determine the Eligible Persons to whom Options are granted, to grant such Options, and to determine any terms and conditions, limitations and restrictions in respect of any particular Option grant, including but not limited to the nature and duration of the restrictions, if any, to be imposed upon the acquisition, sale or other disposition of shares of common stock acquired upon exercise of the Option, and the nature of the events and the duration of the period, if any, in which any Participant's rights in respect of an Option or shares of common stock acquired upon exercise of an Option may be forfeited; to interpret the terms of this Plan, to make all such determinations and take all such other actions in connection with the implementation, operation and administration of this Plan, and to adopt, amend and rescind such administrative guidelines and other rules and regulations relating to this Plan, as it shall from time to time deem advisable, including without limitation for the purpose of ensuring compliance with Section legislation hereof. Our board's interpretations, determinations, guidelines, rules and regulations shall be conclusive and binding upon our company, Eligible Persons, Participants and all other persons. The aggregate number of Common Shares that may be reserved, allotted and issued pursuant to Options shall not exceed 17,400,000 shares of common stock, less the aggregate number of shares of common stock then reserved for issuance pursuant to any other share compensation arrangement. For greater certainty, if an Option is surrendered, terminated or expires without being exercised, the Common Shares reserved for issuance pursuant to such Option shall be available for new Options granted under this Plan. The Board may amend, subject to the approval of any regulatory authority whose approval is required, suspend or terminate this Plan or any portion thereof. No such amendment, suspension or termination shall alter or impair any outstanding unexercised Options or any rights without the consent of such Participant. If this Plan is suspended or terminated, the provisions of this Plan and any administrative guidelines, rules and regulations relating to this Plan shall continue in effect for the duration of such time as any Option remains outstanding. As at the date of the annual report, there were no stock options exercised except for those disclosed in the regulatory filings and in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 2023 Stock Option Plan On March 22, 2023, the shareholders approved and adopted at the Annual General Meeting the Company's 2023 Stock Option Plan. The purpose of these Plan is to advance the interests of the Corporation, through the grant of Options, by providing an incentive mechanism to foster the interest of eligible persons in the success of the Corporation and its affiliates; encouraging eligible persons to remain with the Corporation or its affiliates; and attracting new Directors, Officers, Employees and Consultants. This Plan shall be administered by our board. Subject to the provisions of this Plan, our board shall have the authority: to determine the Eligible Persons to whom Options are granted, to grant such Options, and to determine any terms and conditions, limitations and restrictions in respect of any particular Option grant, including but not limited to the nature and duration of the restrictions, if any, to be imposed upon the acquisition, sale or other disposition of shares of common stock acquired upon exercise of the Option, and the nature of the events and the duration of the period, if any, in which any Participant's rights in respect of an Option or shares of common stock acquired upon exercise of an Option may be forfeited; to interpret the terms of this Plan, to make all such determinations and take all such other actions in connection with the implementation, operation and administration of this Plan, and to adopt, amend and rescind such administrative guidelines and other rules and regulations relating to this Plan, as it shall from time to time deem advisable, including without limitation for the purpose of ensuring compliance with Section legislation hereof. Our board's interpretations, determinations, guidelines, rules and regulations shall be conclusive and binding upon our company, Eligible Persons, Participants and all other persons. 24 
 The aggregate number of Common Shares that may be reserved, allotted and issued pursuant to Options shall not exceed 31,000,000 shares of common stock, less the aggregate number of shares of common stock then reserved for issuance pursuant to any other share compensation arrangement. For greater certainty, if an Option is surrendered, terminated or expires without being exercised, the Common Shares reserved for issuance pursuant to such Option shall be available for new Options granted under this Plan. The Board may amend, subject to the approval of any regulatory authority whose approval is required, suspend or terminate this Plan or any portion thereof. No such amendment, suspension or termination shall alter or impair any outstanding unexercised Options or any rights without the consent of such Participant. If this Plan is suspended or terminated, the provisions of this Plan and any administrative guidelines, rules and regulations relating to this Plan shall continue in effect for the duration of such time as any Option remains outstanding. As at the date of the annual report, there were no stock options exercised except for those disclosed in the regulatory filings and in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Equity Compensation Plan Information Plan category Equity compensation plans approved by Security holders Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 2014 Stock Option Plan approved by security holders 8,150,000 0.09 5,551,612 2023 Stock Option Plan approved by security holders 31,000,000 - 31,000,000 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during our fiscal year ended August 31, 2024. Item 6. Selected Financial Data As a "smaller reporting company", we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to; those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report, particularly in the section Item 1A entitled Risk Factors of this annual report. Our audited consolidated financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 25 
 Plan of Operation During the next twelve-month period (beginning September 1, 2024), we intend to: identify and secure sources of equity and/or debt financing for property payments; identify and secure sources of equity and/or debt financing for continued testing for Lithium technology identify and secure sources of equity and/or debt financing for clean technology acquisitions; We anticipate that we will incur the following operating expenses during this period: Estimated Funding Required During the 12 Months beginning September 1, 2024 Expense Amount ) Mineral Costs 19,000 Management Consulting Fees 140,000 Technology Development 120,000 Professional fees 75,000 Rent 12,000 Other general administrative expenses 125,000 Total 491,000 As at the date of this annual report, we do not have sufficient cash on hand to finance our entire potential and estimated 491,000 cash obligation to the proposed spending for the 12 months beginning September 1, 2024. Based on our current cash position of 247,350 we anticipate that we will require approximately 243,650 in additional cash to execute our business plan. In the event that we are unable raise sufficient cash we intend to reduce our planned expenditures to accommodate our means with a view toward prioritizing our pending patents and fulfilling our public reporting obligations. As at the date of this annual report we have no financing arrangements in place. Results of Operations for our Years Ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 Our net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for our year ended August 31, 2024, for our year ended August 31, 2023 and the changes between those periods for the respective items are summarized as follows: Years Ended August 31, August 31, 2024 2023 Change Revenue - - - General and administrative 64,304 110,789 46,485 Investor relations 25,493 63,293 37,800 Consulting fees 172,448 181,258 8,810 Fees and dues 64,497 89,733 25,236 Exploration expenses 55,480 464,665 409,185 Research and development 156,680 156,561 (119 Professional fees 126,731 158,286 31,555 Other expenses 333,377 607,593 274,216 Net loss 999,010 1,832,178 833,168 Our consolidated financial statements report no revenue for the years ended August 31, 2024, and August 31, 2023. Our consolidated financial statements report a net loss of 999,010 for the year ended August 31, 2024, compared to a net loss of 1,832,178 for the year ended August 31, 2023. Our net loss has decreased by 833,168 for the year ended August 31, 2024, primarily due to the decrease in Other expenses and the completion of the drilling program in he prior year. Our operating costs were lower by 558,952 for August 31, 2024, compared to August 31, 2023, primarily due to the costs of our drilling program of 325,170 in the prior year and general cost containment efforts. Other expense for the year ended August 31, 2024 primarily consisted of realized losses and realized foreign exchange losses on the sale of marketable securities of 1,265,781 and 67,053, offset by unrealized gains and unrealized foreign exchange losses on marketable securities of 1,003,760 and 6,596, respectively. 26 
 Liquidity and Financial Condition Working Capital August 31, August 31, 2024 2023 Current assets 332,130 1,347,708 Current liabilities 316,032 332,600 Working capital 16,098 1,015,108 August 31, August 31, Cash Flows 2024 2023 Cash flows used in operating activities (665,810 (1,212,225 Cash flows from investing activities 586,122 854,599 Cash flows from financing activities - 2,000 Net (decrease) increase in cash during year (79,688 (355,626 Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities was 665,810 for the year ended August 31, 2024 compared with cash used in operating activities of 1,212,225 in 2023. The decrease in net cash used in operating activities is due to the overall decrease in costs as described above. Investing Activities Net cash provided in investing activities was 586,122 for the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to 854,599 in the same period in 2023. During the year ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, the net cash was provided by the sale of the Century Lithium stock. Financing Activities Net cash provided in financing activities was 0 for the year ended August 31, 2024, compared to 2,000 in the same period in 2023. Contractual Obligations As a "smaller reporting company", we are not required to provide tabular disclosure obligations. Going Concern Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The Company had a working capital of 16,098 as at August 31, 2024 (2023 - 1,015,108). As at August 31, 2024, the Company has incurred cumulative losses of 15,524,969. We require additional funds to maintain our existing operations and to acquire new business assets. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in this regard are to raise equity and debt financing as required, but there is no certainty that such financing will be available or that it will be available at acceptable terms. The outcome of these matters cannot be predicted at this time and the financing environment is exceptionally difficult. The Company's consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. At this time, we cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funding from the sale of our common stock or through a loan from our directors to meet our obligations over the next twelve months. We do not have any arrangements in place for any future debt or equity financing. 27 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to stockholders. Critical Accounting Policies The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Preparing consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management's application of accounting policies. We believe that understanding the basis and nature of the estimates and assumptions involved with the following aspects of our consolidated financial statements is critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements. Mineral Properties Acquisition costs of mineral rights are initially capitalized as incurred while exploration and pre-extraction expenditures are expensed as incurred until such time proven or probable reserves are established for that project. Acquisition costs include cash consideration and the fair market value of shares issued on the acquisition of mineral properties. Expenditures relating to exploration activities are expensed as incurred and expenditures relating to pre-extraction activities are expensed as incurred until such time proven or probable reserves are established for that project, after which subsequent expenditures relating to development activities for that particular project are capitalized as incurred. Where proven and probable reserves have been established, the project's capitalized expenditures are depleted over proven and probable reserves using the units-of-production method upon commencement of production. Where proven and probable reserves have not been established, the project's capitalized expenditures are depleted over the estimated extraction life using the straight-line method upon commencement of extraction. The Company has not established proven or probable reserves for any of its projects. The carrying values of the mineral rights are assessed for impairment by management on a quarterly basis and as required whenever indicators of impairment exist. An impairment loss is recognized if it is determined that the carrying value is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. Long-Lived Assets Impairment In accordance with ASC 360, "Accounting for Impairment or Disposal of Long Lived Assets", the carrying value of long lived assets are tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company recognizes impairment when the sum of the expected undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset. Impairment losses, if any, are measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its estimated fair value. Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue from product sales when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, title to product and associated risk of loss has passed to the customer, the price is fixed or determinable, collection from the customer is reasonably assured, the Company has no further performance obligation, and returns can be reasonably estimated. Going Concern We have suffered recurring losses from operations. The continuation of our Company as a going concern is dependent upon our Company attaining and maintaining profitable operations and/or raising additional capital. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustment relating to the recovery and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should our Company discontinue operations. The continuation of our business is dependent upon us raising additional financial support and/or attaining and maintaining profitable levels of internally generated revenue. The issuance of additional equity securities by us could result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans would be available, will increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. 28 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk As a "smaller reporting company", we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

 29 

Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and Directors of Enertopia Corp. 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Enertopia Corp. (the Company ), as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position Enertopia Corp. as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Going Concern 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatements of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Except for the matter described in the Going Concern section, we have determined that there are no other critical audit matters to communicate in our auditor s report. 
 
 30 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

/s/ 

Chartered Professional Accountants 

November 22, 2024 

31 

ENERTOPIA CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

August 31, 

August 31, 

2024 

2023 

ASSETS 

Current 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities (Note 4) 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and deposit (Note 11) 

Total Current Assets 

Non-current assets, net 

Mineral property (Note 5) 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES 

Current 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Due to related party (Note 7) 

Total Liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Share Capital (Note 8) 

Authorized: common voting shares with a par value of per share Issued and outstanding: common shares at August 31, 2024 and at August 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital (Note 9) 

Deficit 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company 

Non-controlling interest 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

32 

ENERTOPIA CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

COMMON STOCK 

SHARES 

AMOUNT 

ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL 

ACCUMULATED DEFICIT 

NON- CONTROLLING INTEREST 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Balance, August 31, 2022 

() 

Warrants issued for cash 

- 

- 

Non controlling interest 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 

Comprehensive loss 
 
 - 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

() 

Balance, August 31, 2023 

() 
 
 () 

Warrants issued for cash 

- 

- 

- 

Non controlling interest 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 () 

Comprehensive loss 
 
 - 

- 

- 

() 
 
 - 

() 

Balance, August 31, 2024 

() 
 
 () 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

33 

ENERTOPIA CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

YEARS ENDED 

August 31, 

August 31, 

2024 

2023 

Expenses 

Accounting and audit 

Consulting (Note 7) 

Fees and dues 

Investor relations 

Legal and professional 

Office and miscellaneous 

Mineral exploration costs (Note 5) 

Research and development (Note 6) 

Total expenses 

Loss for the period before other items 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Other income (expense) 

Foreign exchange gain (loss) 

() 

Realized gain (loss) on marketable securities 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Realized foreign exchange gain (loss) on marketable securities 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities 

Unrealized foreign exchange gain (loss) on marketable securities 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net income (loss) for the period 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net income (loss) attributable to: 

Common shareholders 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Non controlling interest 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

Basic and diluted 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

34 

ENERTOPIA CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

YEARS ENDED 

August 31, 

August 31, 

2024 

2023 

Cash flows used in operating activities 

Net Income (Loss) 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Changes to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Unrealized (gain) loss on marketable securities 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Unrealized foreign exchange loss on marketable securities 

Loss on disposal of marketable securities 

Foreign exchange loss on disposal of marketable securities 

Change in non-cash working capital items: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Prepaid expenses and deposits 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Due to related parties 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Cash flows used in investing activities 

Proceeds from sale of marketable securities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Net proceeds from warrants exercised 

Net cash from financing Activities 

Decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental information of cash flows: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

35 

ENERTOPIA CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

August 31, 2024 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

as at August 31, 2024 (2023 - ). As at August 31, 2024 the Company has incurred cumulative losses of that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management has been able, thus far, to finance the operations through equity financing and cash on hand. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to continue to finance the Company on this basis. 
 In view of these conditions, the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is in substantial doubt and dependent upon its ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations on a timely basis, to obtain additional financing as may be required, to receive the continued support of the Company's shareholders, and ultimately to obtain successful operations. There are no assurances that we will be able to obtain further funds required for our continued operations. As noted herein, we are pursuing various financing alternatives to meet our immediate and long-term financial requirements. There can be no assurance that additional financing will be available to us when needed or, if available, that it can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. If we are not able to obtain the additional financing on a timely basis, we will be unable to conduct our operations as planned, and we will not be able to meet our other obligations as they become due. In such event, we will be forced to scale down or perhaps even cease our operations. There is significant uncertainty as to whether we can obtain additional financing. These consolidated financial statements do not give effect to any adjustments which would be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern and therefore be required to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in other than the normal course of business and at amounts different from those reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Cash equivalents 

b) Value of Stock Options 
 The Company provides compensation benefits to its employees, directors, officers, and consultants, through a stock option plan. The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expected volatility assumption used in the model is based on the historical volatility of the Company's share price. The Company uses historical data to estimate the period of option exercises for use in the valuation model. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the yields of government bonds. Changes in these assumptions, especially the share price volatility and the expected life determination could have a material impact on the Company's profit and loss for the periods presented. All estimates used in the model are based on historical data which may not be representative of future results. 
 c) Fair value of shares issued in non cash transactions 
 The Company at times grants common shares in lieu of cash to certain vendors for their services to the Company. The Company recognizes the associated cost in the same period and manner as if the Company paid cash for the services provided by calculating the fair value of the share offering at the cost of the service provided. 

shares of Cypress along with in cash. During January 2023 Cypress underwent a name change to Century Lithium Corp ("Century"). The shares were initially restricted for trade, as of August 31, 2024 all shares are tradable. Marketable securities as at August 31, 2024 consist of the Company's investment in shares of Century of which a total of were sold by August 31, 2024 leaving shares. 

As at August 31, 2024, the movement in the Company's marketable securities is as follows: 

Additions 

Mark to market 

Unrealized foreign exchange gain (loss) 
 
 () 

Proceeds from disposal 
 
 () 

Realized loss on disposal 
 
 () 

Realized Foreign exchange loss on disposal 
 
 () 

Balance, August 31, 2023 

Additions 

Mark to market 

Unrealized foreign exchange gain (loss) 
 
 () 

Proceeds from disposal 
 
 () 

Realized loss on disposal 
 
 () 

Realized Foreign exchange loss on disposal 
 
 () 

Balance, August 31, 2024 

acres of unpatented mineral claims in Esmeralda County, Nevada for cash consideration of . During the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, the mineral exploration expense consisted of: 

Geologists 

Sample Assays 

Travel Misc 

Total Exploration 

ownership and rights to the hydrogen technology ("Hydrogen Technology"). By acquiring this Hydrogen Technology, the Company is currently researching the opportunity to create process gas that can be used in commercial, industrial and mining applications by splitting the hydrogen from water via electrolysis. The technology is still in the research and development phase and is not commercially feasible as at the year ended August 31, 2024. 
 Energy Management System ("EMS") 
 On December 17, 2021, The Company entered into a Definitive Purchase and Sale Agreement to acquire ownership and rights to their Provisional Patent Pending EMS. The Company created a Joint Venture ("JV") with controlling interest in CapNTrack to run the commercial and industrial operations related to the EMS. As at the period ended date of August 31, 2024, there have been no operations in the JV and only insurance costs have been incurred. The EMS is still in the research and development phase and it has not obtained commercial or operational feasibility as at the year end date of August 31, 2024. 

The research and development expenses for the years ending August 31, 2024 and 2023 consisted of the following: 

Energy Management Systems 

Total Research and Development 

(2023 - to the President of the Company in consulting fees. As at August 31, 2024, the accounts payable to the President of the Company was , (2023: ). 
 Incurred (2023 - to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company in consulting fees. 
 The Company incurred (2023 - to a director of the Company in geological consulting services. 
 The Company incurred in director fees to directors of the Company. 

while keeping the authorized share capital at million shares. As of November 22, 2024, no share consolidation has been approved by the board of directors. 
 At the Annual General Meeting held in March of 2023, the authorized share capital was increased from million shares to million shares. 
 On February 22, 2023 the Company issued shares on the exercise of warrants at per warrant (Note 9). 
 As at August 31, 2024 the Company had shares issued and outstanding (2023 - ). 
 As at August 31, 2024 the Company had (2024 - shares held in escrow by our transfer agent in connection with the purchase of Clean energy pending patent approvals. 

shares of common stock, less the aggregate number of shares of common stock then reserved for issuance pursuant to any other share compensation arrangement. For greater certainty, if an Option is surrendered, terminated or expires without being exercised, the Common Shares reserved for issuance pursuant to such Option shall be available for new Options granted under this Plan. The options are deemed as vested and exercisable on issuance and the maximum life of the options granted under this Plan may not exceed years. 
 At the Annual General Meeting held March 22, 2023, a new 2023 Stock Option Plan was approved. Under the 2023 Stock Option Plan (the "2023 Plan") the Company may grant options to purchase shares of common stock, par value per share, of the Company. The stock subject to options granted under the 2023 Plan shall be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired common stock. The maximum number of shares of common stock of the Company which may be issued and sold under the 2023 Plan shall be , subject to adjustment for stock splits or consolidations with a maximum life of years and vesting at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Management plans to issue all new option grants under the 2023 Plan and to cancel the 2014 Plan once all currently issued options are either exercised or expire. 

During the years ended August 31, 2024, and 2023, the Company did not issue any options. 
 During the year ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded as stock-based compensation expense. During the year ended August 31, 2023 no options were exercised and options expired unexercised. 
 A summary of the changes in stock options is presented below: 

Issued 

Expired 
 
 () 

Exercised 

Balance, August 31, 2023 

Issued 

Expired 

Exercised 

Balance, August 31, 2024 (Outstanding Exercisable) 

The Company has the following options outstanding and exercisable as at August 31, 2024: 

Balance outstanding and exercisable 

As at August 31, 2024 the market price of the Company's common shares was per share. The intrinsic value of the stock options was . 
 Warrants 
 There were no warrants issued during the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 During the year ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, and warrants were exercised, respectively and for and , respectively. 

A summary of warrants as at August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023 is as follows: 

Forfeited 
 
 () 

Exercised 
 
 () 

Balance, August 31, 2023 

per month plus goods and services tax ("GST") on a continuing basis, this contract has been deferred since July 1, 2024 pending financing conditions. 
 The Company has a consulting agreement with the CFO of the Company for corporate administration and consulting services for per quarter plus goods and services tax ("GST") on a continuing basis. 
 The Company has a rental agreement for a corporate office for CAD per month plus GST. The agreement expires December 31, 2024. 

Consultants 

Exploration costs 

Fees and Dues 

Insurance 

Office Expenses 

Research Development 

Total Prepaid Expenses Deposits 

() 

Statutory tax rate 

Expected income tax expense (recovery) 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Non-deductible items 

Change in enacted rates and other 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense (recovery) 

Deferred taxes reflect the tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes. Deferred tax assets (liabilities) at August 31, 2024 and 2023 are comprised of the following: 

Intangible assets 

Marketable securities 

Mineral property 

Capital loss carry forwards 

Valuation allowance 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

The Company has net operating loss carry forwards of approximately (2023 - a portion of which may be carried forward up to 20 years to apply against future taxable income for US tax purposes, subject to the final determination by the taxation authority, expiring in the following years. Future tax assets have not been recognized because it is not probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the Company can utilize the benefits therefrom. 

reportable segments: Natural Resources, Technology and Corporate, none of which are revenue generating as at the year ended date of August 31, 2024. 

Balance August 31, 2024 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Other income (Note 4) 

() 
 
 () 

Segment Loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Total Assets (Note 4, 5) 

Balance August 31, 2023 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Other income (Note 4) 

() 
 
 () 

Segment Loss 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Total Assets (Note 4, 5) 

44 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosur e There were no disagreements related to accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, internal controls or auditing scope or procedure during the two fiscal years and interim periods, including the interim period up through the date the relationship ended. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Management's Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our president and chief executive officer (also our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (also our principal financial and accounting officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of August 31, 2024, the end of our fiscal year covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our president and chief executive officer (also our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (also our principal financial and accounting officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, our president and chief executive officer (also our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (also our principal financial and accounting officer) concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Responsibility, estimates and judgments by management are required to assess the expected benefits and related costs of control procedures. The objectives of internal control include providing management with reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that transactions are executed in accordance with management's authorization and recorded properly to permit the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") in Internal Control-Integrated Framework . Our management has concluded that, as of August 31, 2024, our internal control over financial reporting is effective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with US generally accepted accounting principles. Our management reviewed the results of their assessment with our Board of Directors. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by our Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit our Company to provide only management's report in this annual report. Inherent limitations on effectiveness of controls Internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations which include but is not limited to the use of independent professionals for advice and guidance, interpretation of existing and/or changing rules and principles, segregation of management duties, scale of organization, and personnel factors. Internal control over financial reporting is a process which involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis, however these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process and it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting On August 16, 2022, Allan Spissinger replaced Robert McAllister as the chief financial officer of the Company. There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended August 31, 2024 that have materially or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 45 
 Item 9B. Other Information None. 46 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance All directors of our company hold office until the next annual meeting of the security holders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The officers of our company are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. Our directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration as such, are as follows: Name Position Held with our Company Age Date First Elected Or Appointed Robert McAllister President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director 64 November 2007 April 14, 2008 Allan Spissinger Chief Financial Officer and Director 55 August 16, 2022 Kevin Brown Director 59 August 18, 2022 John Nelson Director 66 August 18, 2022 Note Robert McAllister resigned from the position of interim Chief Financial Officer on August 16, 2022 Business Experience The following is a brief account of the education and business experience of each director and executive officer during at least the past five years, indicating each person's principal occupation during the period, and the name and principal business of the organization by which he was employed. Robert McAllister, President, Director Mr. McAllister was appointed as president in November 2007 and director in April 2008. Mr. McAllister has devoted approximately 90 of his professional time to the business and intends to continue to devote this amount of time in the future, or more as required. Mr. McAllister has been a corporate consultant since 2004. He has also provided and written business and investment articles from 1996 to 2006 in various North American publications. Mr. McAllister is a resource investment entrepreneur with over 20 years of experience in resource sector evaluations and commodity cycle analysis. Allan Spissinger, Chief Financial Officer Mr. Spissinger was appointed as Chief Financial Officer in August 2022. Mr. Spissinger worked within the Informational Technologies (IT) sector for over a decade specializing in corporate IT infrastructure and software development projects. Mr. Spissinger joined the audit and assurance department at PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) where he obtained his Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) designation focusing on financial reporting and Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) compliance in the following sectors: resources, manufacturing and technologies. Mr. Spissinger's positive mentorship, excellent communication and extensive leadership skills have enabled him to successfully manage a variety of private and public businesses for over 20 years. Kevin Brown, Director Mr. Brown brings over 18 years of diversified financial and business management experience in private companies, covering the high-tech, mining, and the health and wellness industries. John Nelson, Director Mr. Nelson has over 38 years of resource industry experience in geology and geophysics. He served as an exploration geologist and project manager in numerous worldwide frontier areas for Mobil Oil Corp before moving to Canada in 1993. Mr Nelson has been a founder, Director and senior officer of a number of private and public companies related to oil and gas and mineral exploration. He holds B.Sc. and M.Sc. Degree's in geology from Michigan State University and is a member of AAPG and current APEGGA member. 47 
 Family Relationships There are no family relationships between any of our directors, executive officers and proposed directors or executive officers. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings None of our directors, executive officers, promoters or control persons has been involved in any of the following events during the past five years: 1. A petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 2. Such person was convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 3. Such person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: i. Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity ii. Engaging in any type of business practice; or iii. Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 4. Such person was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 5. Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 6. Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 7. Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: i. Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or ii. Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or iii. Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 48 
 8. Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of our common stock and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10 shareholders are required by the SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports that they file. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that during fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, all filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than 10 percent beneficial owners were complied with. Code of Ethics We adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our senior financial officers and certain other finance executives, which is a "code of ethics" as defined by applicable rules of the SEC. Our Code of Ethics is attached as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-KSB filed on November 29, 2007. If we make any amendments to our Code of Ethics other than technical, administrative, or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waivers, including implicit waivers, from a provision of our Code of Ethics to our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, or certain other finance executives, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date and to whom it applies in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. Board and Committee Meetings Our board of directors held no formal meetings during the year ended August 31, 2024. All proceedings of the board of directors were conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by all the directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the directors. Such resolutions consented to in writing by the directors entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the directors are, according to the Nevada General Corporate Law and our Bylaws, as valid and effective as if they had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held. Nomination Process As of August 31, 2024, we did not affect any material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. Our board of directors does not have a policy with regards to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by our shareholders. Our board of directors has determined that it is in the best position to evaluate our Company's requirements as well as the qualifications of each candidate when the board considers a nominee for a position on our board of directors. If shareholders wish to recommend candidates directly to our board, they may do so by sending communications to the president of our Company at the address on the cover of this annual report. Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert Currently our audit committee consists of our entire board of directors. We currently do not have nominating, compensation committees or committees performing similar functions. There has not been any defined policy or procedure requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nomination for directors. Our board of directors has determined that it does not have a member of its board of directors (audit committee) that qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K, and is "independent" as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We believe that the members of our board of directors are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our consolidated financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. We believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an "audit committee financial expert" would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development and the fact that we have not generated any material revenues to date. In addition, we currently do not have nominating, compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor do we have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our board of directors does not believe that it is necessary to have such committees because it believes the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by our board of directors. 49 
 Insider Trading Policies and Procedures The Company has adopted an insider trading policy, (the "Insider Trading Policy"), overseen by the Company's corporate secretary, that applies to all (i) directors, (ii) executive officers and (iii) employees who are exposed to insider information (together, the "Covered Persons"). The Insider Trading Policy prohibits the use of material non-public information obtained by Covered Persons through their involvement with the Company when making decisions to purchase, sell, give away or otherwise trade in the Company's securities or to provide such information to others outside the organization. Under the Insider Trading Policy, material non-public information includes, among other things, significant changes in the Company's prospects, significant write-downs, liquidity problems, changes in management, extraordinary borrowings, changes in debt, planned public offerings or any other information that may be deemed material to the Company or the Company's prospects. Further, we have established black-out periods to which all Covered Persons are subject, including quarterly black-out periods, which commence three weeks before the end of each quarter and continue until the quarterly results are disclosed by filing the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company may impose black-out periods from time to time as other types of material non-public information occur when material non-public events or disclosures are pending. If the Company imposes a special black-out period, the Company will notify Covered Persons accordingly. Covered Persons are permitted to trade in the Company's securities only when there is no black-out period in effect and such trade has been pre-cleared by the Company's corporate secretary, or when a qualified 10b5-1 plan has been established in accordance with federal securities laws. Clawback Policy While the Company does not presently have in place any significant incentive compensation agreements or awards related to the Company's overall financial performance, the Company's board of directors has adopted a clawback policy in order to comply with federal securities laws. As such, we have adopted a clawback policy in which we may seek the recovery or forfeiture of incentive compensation paid by us, including cash, equity or equity-based compensation, in the event we restate our financial statements under certain circumstances. The clawback policy applies to our Section 16 officers, any employee who was eligible to receive incentive compensation and whose conduct contributed to the need for a restatement, and any other former Section 16 officer or other employee who contributed to the need for such restatement. Board of Directors Role in Risk Oversight Members of the board of directors have periodic meetings with management and the Company's independent auditors to perform risk oversight with respect to the Company's internal control processes. The Company believes that the board of directors' role in risk oversight does not materially affect the leadership structure of the Company. The Company believes that its founders, leadership team and members of the board of directors exemplify diversity and inclusivity with respect to race, sex and ethnic origin. The board of directors presently has two diverse directors and is in the process of reviewing and vetting a female candidate to serve as a director. As such, the Company anticipates being in full compliance with Nasdaq's newly adopted diversity requirements by the end of its first year of listing. Section 16(A) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock, to file reports regarding ownership of, and transactions in, our securities with the SEC and to provide us with copies of those filings. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms furnished to us and written representations by our officers and directors regarding their compliance with applicable reporting requirements under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, we believe that all Section 16(a) filing requirements for our executive officers, directors and 10 stockholders were met during the year ended August 31, 2024 Item 11. Executive Compensation The particulars of the compensation paid to the following persons: (a) our principal executive officer; (b) each of our two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023; and (c) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as our executive officer at the end of the years ended August 31, 2023 and 2022 50 
 who we will collectively refer to as the named executive officers of our Company, are set out in the following summary compensation table, except that no disclosure is provided for any named executive officer, other than our principal executive officers, whose total compensation did not exceed 100,000 for the respective fiscal year: SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards (#) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensa- tion ) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensa- tion ) Total ) Robert McAllister (1) President and Director 2024 2023 95,000 114,000 - - - - - - - - - - - - 95,000 114,000 Allan Spissinger (2) CFO 2024 2023 30,000 20,000 - - - - - - - - - - - - 30,000 20,000 John Nelson (3) Director 2024 2023 - - - - - - - - - - - - 5,174 13,500 5,174 13,500 Kevin Brown (4) Director 2024 2023 - - - - - - - - - - - - 4,435 - 4,435 - (1) On November 30, 2007, Mr. McAllister was appointed as our President and on April 14, 2008 he was appointed as a director. On July 31, 2017, Mr. McAllister was appointed interim CFO. Mr. McAllister voluntarily suspended and terminated accrual of these consulting fees commencing on December 1, 2019 and continuing until such time as the Company's financial condition permits a resumption of such cost. On May 1, 2022, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with President of the Company for 9,500 per month plus goods and services tax ("GST") on a continuing basis. On August 16 th , 2022 Mr. McAllister resigned from the interim CFO position. (2) On August 16, 2022, Mr. Spissinger was appointed as our CFO. (3) On August 18, 2022, Mr. Nelson was appointed as a director. (4) On August 18, 2022, Mr. Brown was appointed as a director. Employment/Consulting Agreements On May 1, 2022, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with President of the Company for 9,500 per month plus goods and services tax ("GST") on a continuing basis. This has been deferred starting July 1, 2024. On September 1 2023, a consulting contract was entered into with remuneration set at 7,500 per quarter plus GST was entered into with Mr. Spissinger. Other than as set out in this annual report on Form 10-K we have not entered into any employment or consulting agreements with any of our current officers, directors or employees. Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table On November 12, 2020 the Company signed Flathead Business Solutions to a 12 month contract for 12,000 and the issuance of 500,000 stock options valid for 5 years at 0.05 cents each. On December 14, 2020 the Company signed Rodney Blake to a 12 month contract for the issuance of 100,000 stock options valid for 5 years at 0.05 cents each. On December 14, 2020 the Company signed Albert Clark Rich to a 12 month contract for the issuance of 500,000 stock options valid for 5 years at 0.05 cents each. On December 14, 2020 the Company issued 500,000 stock options to the CEO of the Company valid for 5 years at 0.05 cents each. 51 
 On December 14, 2020 the Company issued 1,000,000 stock options to a Consultant of the Company valid for 5 years at 0.05 cents each. On February 25, 2020, the Company granted 2,000,000 stock options to a consultant of the Company with an exercise price of 0.02, expiring February 25, 2022. On January 28, 2021 the Company signed Mark Snyder to a 12 month contract for 30,000 and the issuance of 2,000,000 stock options valid for 5 years at 0.14 cents each. On February 4, 2021 the Company signed Barry Brooks to a 12 month contract for the issuance of 100,000 stock options valid for 5 years each at 0.18 cents each. On February 5, 2021 the Company signed Paul Sandler to a 12 month contract for the issuance of 100,000 stock options valid for 5 years each at 0.18 cents each. On February 5, 2021 the Company signed Bruce Shellinger to a 12 month contract for the issuance of 100,000 stock options valid for 5 years each at 0.18 cents each. On February 5, 2021 the Company signed Richard Smith to a 12 month contract for the issuance of 100,000 stock options valid for 5 years each at 0.18 cents each. On April 27, 2021 the Company signed Michael Cornelius to a 12 month contract for the issuance of 100,000 stock options valid for 5 years at 0.12 cents each. On May 28, 2021, the Company issued 50,000 stock options to one of the consultants of the Company with an exercise price of 0.12 vested immediately, expiring May 28, 2026. On June 8, 2021 the Company issued 100,000 common shares as a result of the exercise of 100,000 options exercised at 0.07 per common share. On September 9, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 stock options to one of the consultants of the Company with an exercise price of 0.08 vested immediately, expiring September 9, 2026. On December 6, 2021, the Company issued 250,000 stock options to one director of the Company with an exercise price of 0.07 vested immediately, expiring December 6, 2026. On December 6, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 stock options to one of the consultants of the Company with an exercise price of 0.07 vested immediately, expiring December 6, 2026. On December 6, 2021, the Company issued 250,000 stock options to one of the consultants of the Company with an exercise price of 0.07 vested immediately, expiring December 6, 2026. On August 18, 2022, the Company issued 2,000,000 stock options with an exercise price of 0.06 vesting immediately, expiring August 18, 2027. 1,000,000 to the Chief Financial Officer and 500,000 each to two directors of the Company (Note 9). 52 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End The particulars of unexercised options, stock that has not vested and equity incentive plan awards for our named executive officers are set out in the following table: OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END OPTION AWARDS STOCK AWARDS Name (a) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable (b) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable (c) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) (d) Option Exercise Price ) (e) Option Expiration Date (f) Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (g) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) (h) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) (i) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) (j) Robert McAllister 500,000 250,000 - - 0.05 0.07 2025/12/14 2026/12/06 - - - - Allan Spissinger 1,000,000 - - 0.06 2027/08/18 - - - - Kevin Brown 500,000 - - 0.06 2027/08/18 - - - - John Nelson 500,000 - - 0.06 2027/08/18 - - - - Option Exercises During our fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 and 2023, no stock options were exercised. Compensation of Directors During the first quarter of 2024, the Company established director fees of CAN 1,500 per quarter per director that is paid to two directors. Directors, from time to time may be granted stock options to purchase shares of our common stock as awarded by our board of directors. Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit-sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. Indebtedness of Directors, Senior Officers, Executive Officers and Other Management None of our directors or executive officers or any associate or affiliate of our Company during the last two fiscal years is or has been indebted to our Company by way of guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or understanding currently outstanding. 53 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth, as of November 29, 2024, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common shares by each shareholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common shares, as well as by each of our current directors and executive officers as a group. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership consists of a direct interest in the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage of Class(1) Robert McAllister Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada 7,755,000 (1) 5.00 Allan Spissinger Langley, British Columbia, Canada 1,000,000 (2) 0.64 Kevin Brown Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada 800,000 (3) 0.52 John Nelson Calgary, Alberta, Canada 750,000 (4) 0.48 (1) Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person's actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding on November 28, 2022. As of November 28, 2022, there were 155,116,088 shares of our company's common stock issued and outstanding. (1) Includes: 1. 500,000 Options which are exercisable at 0.05 into common shares; 2. 250,000 Options which are exercisable at 0.07 into common shares; and 3. 7,005,000 common shares. (2) Includes: 1. 1,000,000 Options which are exercisable at 0.06 into common shares; (3) Includes: 1. 500,000 Options which are exercisable at 0.06 into common shares; and 2. 300,000 common shares. (4) Includes: 1. 500,000 Options which are exercisable at 0.06 into common shares; and 2. 250,000 common shares. Changes in Control We are unaware of any contract or other arrangement the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of our company. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Except as disclosed herein, no director, executive officer, shareholder holding at least 5 of shares of our common stock, or any family member thereof, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction, or proposed transaction in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at the year-end for the last two completed fiscal years. 54 
 For the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company was party to the following related party transactions: Incurred 95,000 (2023 - 114,000) to the President of the Company in consulting fees. As at August 31, 2024, the accounts payable to the President of the Company was 0 (2023: 17,196) of which 17,159 were accrued wages. On December 6, 2021 the Company issued 250,000 stock options valued at 12,205 to the President of the Company (Note 9). Incurred 30,000 (2023 - 20,000) to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company in consulting fees. As at August 31, 2024, the accounts payable to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company was 0 (2023: 0). On August 18, 2022, the Company issued 1,000,000 stock options valued at 40,543 to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company (Note 9). The Company incurred 9,609 in Director consulting fees (2023- 13,500) (Note 11). The related party transactions are recorded at the exchange amount established and agreed to between the related parties. Director Independence We currently act with three directors, Kevin Brown, John Nelson who qualify as independent directors and Robert McAllister, who does not qualify as an "independent director" as defined in NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15). We currently have an audit committee, but. there has not been any defined policy or procedure requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nomination for directors. Our board of directors has determined that it does not have a member of its audit committee who qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" as defined in as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. From inception to present date, we believe that the members of our audit committee and the board of directors have been and are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our consolidated financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. We do not have a standing compensation or nominating committee, but our entire board of directors act in such capacity. We believe that our directors are capable of analyzing and evaluating our consolidated financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. Our directors do not believe that it is necessary to have an audit committee because we believe that the functions of an audit committee can be adequately performed by the board of directors. In addition, we believe that retaining additional independent directors who would qualify as an "audit committee financial expert" would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal year ended August 31, 2023 and for fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements and review of the consolidated financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: August 31, August 31, 2024 2023 Audit Fees 29,221 22,358 Audit Related Fees - Tax Fees - All Other Fees 14,781 14.876 Total 44,002 37,234 Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audits of our consolidated financial statements, reviews of our interim consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports, services performed in connection with filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and related comfort letters and other services that are normally provided by Davidson Company LLP for fiscal year ended August 31, 2024. 55 
 Audit related Fees. There were no audit related fees paid to Davidson Company LLP for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 or for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023. Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include assistance regarding federal, state and local tax compliance and consultation in connection with various transactions and acquisitions. For the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, we did not use Davidson Company LLP for non-audit professional services or preparation of corporate tax returns. We do not use Davidson Company LLP, for financial information system design and implementation. These services, which include designing or implementing a system that aggregates source data underlying the consolidated financial statements or generates information that is significant to our consolidated financial statements, are provided internally or by other service providers. We do not engage Davidson Company LLP to provide compliance outsourcing services. Effective May 6, 2003, the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules that require that before our independent auditors are engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be: approved by our audit committee (which consists of our entire board of directors); or entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the board of directors, provided the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the board of directors is informed of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the board of directors' responsibilities to management. Our board of directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the board of directors either before or after the respective services were rendered. Our board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors' independence. 56 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) Financial Statements (1) Financial statements for our Company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document (2) All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. (b) Exhibits Exhibit Description No. 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Enertopia Corp. dated November 22, 2004 (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed January 10, 2006 as Exhibit 3.1) . 3.2 Certificate of Amendment filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on February 22, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.02 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 4, 2010) . 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 18, 2009). 10.1 Agreement dated December 14, 2020 with Al Rich (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 15, 2020). 10.2 Consulting Agreement dated December 6, 2021 with Terry Gaylon. 10.3 Hydrogen Asset Purchase Agreement dated December 6, 2021 10.4 Asset Purchase Agreement dated December 17, 2021 with Paul Sandler and Mark Snyder dated December 17, 2021. 10.5 Asset Sale Agreement with Cypress Development Corp dated February 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 our Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 28, 2022). 10.6 Consulting Agreement with Mr. Robert McAllister dated May 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 4, 2022) . 10.7 Consulting Agreement with Mr. Allan Spissinger dated August 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 19, 2022) . 14.1 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference by from our annual report on Form 10-KSB filed on November 29, 2007). 31.1 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Chief Executive Officer). 31.2 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Chief Financial Officer). 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Executive Officer). 32.2 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Financial Officer). 95 Technical Report 57 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document-the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File as its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). Filed herewith. 58 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. ENERTOPIA CORP. By: /s/ Robert McAllister Robert McAllister President and Director Principal Executive Officer Date: November 22 2024. By: /s/ Allan Spissinger Allan Spissinger CPA, CA Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Date: November 22, 2024. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. By: /s/ Robert McAllister Robert McAllister President and Director Principal Executive Officer Date: November 22, 2024. By: /s/ Allan Spissinger Allan Spissinger CPA, CA Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Date: November 22, 2024. 59 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Enertopia Corporation: Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robert McAllister, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enertopia Corp.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: November 22, 2024 

"Robert McAllister" 

Robert McAllister 

President and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Enertopia Corporation: Exhibit 31.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Allan Spissinger, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enertopia Corp; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: November 22, 2024 

"Allan Spissinger" 

Allan Spissinger 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Enertopia Corporation: Exhibit 32.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robert McAllister, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enertopia Corp. for the year ended August 31, 2024 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Enertopia Corp. 

Dated: November 22, 2024 

"Robert McAllister" 

Robert McAllister 

President and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Enertopia Corp. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Enertopia Corp. and will be retained by Enertopia Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Enertopia Corporation: Exhibit 32.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Allan Spissinger, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enertopia Corp. for the year ended August 31, 2024 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Enertopia Corp. 

Dated: November 22, 2024 

"Allan Spissinger" 

Allan Spissinger 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Enertopia Corp. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Enertopia Corp. and will be retained by Enertopia Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 enrt-20240831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 enrt-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 enrt-20240831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 enrt-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

