<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241024_10-K_edgar_data_836157_0000950170-24-117056.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15606387</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>205458</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2469845</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5641837</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2336258</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4420551</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-24-117056.hdr.sgml : 20241024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241024161023
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-24-117056
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		123
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241024

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LINDSAY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000836157
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FARM MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3523]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				470554096
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13419
		FILM NUMBER:		241392726

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18135 BURKE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4028296800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18135 BURKE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LINDSAY MANUFACTURING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-24-117056.txt : 20241024

10-K
 1
 lnn-20240831.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (MARK ONE) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2024 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 

incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

, Inc. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act). No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Accelerated filer 

Non accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of Common Stock of the registrant, all of which is voting, held by non affiliates based on the closing sales price on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. on February 29, 2024 was . 
 
 As of October 21, 2024, shares of the registrant s Common Stock were outstanding. 

TA BLE OF CONTENTS 

Page(s) 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 17 

Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 17 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 19 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 19 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 21 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 29 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 30 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 63 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 63 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 65 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 65 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 66 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 66 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 66 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 67 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 67 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 68 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 71 

SIGNATURES 
 
 72 

3 

PART I 
 ITEM 1 B usiness 
 INTRODUCTION 
 Lindsay Corporation, along with its subsidiaries (collectively called Lindsay or the Company ), is a global leader in providing a variety of proprietary water management and road infrastructure products and services. The Company has been involved in the manufacture and distribution of agricultural irrigation equipment since 1955 and has grown from a regional company to an international firm with worldwide sales, distribution and manufacturing operations. Lindsay, a Delaware corporation, maintains its corporate offices in Omaha, Nebraska. The Company has operations which are categorized into two reporting segments, Irrigation and Infrastructure. 
 Irrigation Segment The Company s irrigation segment includes the manufacture and marketing of center pivot, lateral move, and hose reel irrigation systems which are used principally in the agricultural industry to increase or stabilize crop production while conserving water, energy and labor. The irrigation segment also manufactures and markets repair and replacement parts for its irrigation systems and controls and large diameter steel tubing. The Company continues to strengthen irrigation product offerings through innovative technology such as Global Positioning System GPS positioning and guidance, variable rate irrigation, wireless irrigation management, irrigation scheduling, Industrial Internet of Things IIOT technology solutions and mobile device applications. The Company s primary domestic irrigation manufacturing facilities are located in Lindsay, Nebraska; Olathe, Kansas; and Norfolk, Nebraska. Internationally, the Company has commercial and production operations in Brazil, France, China, T rkiye (formerly Turkey), and South Africa, as well as distribution and sales operations in the Netherlands, Egypt, Australia, and New Zealand. The Company also exports equipment from the U.S. and its global production facilities to other international markets. 
 Infrastructure Segment The Company s infrastructure segment includes the manufacture and marketing of moveable barriers, specialty barriers and crash cushions, road marking and road safety equipment, and railroad signals and structures. The infrastructure segment also offers technology to monitor critical safety infrastructure on roadways. The principal infrastructure manufacturing facilities are located in Rio Vista, California; Milan, Italy; and Lindsay, Nebraska. 
 PRODUCTS BY SEGMENT 
 IRRIGATION SEGMENT 
 Products - The Company manufactures and markets its center pivot, lateral move irrigation systems, and irrigation controls in the U.S. and internationally under its Zimmatic brand. The Company also manufactures and markets hose reel travelers under the Perrot brand. The Company also produces or markets chemical injection systems, variable rate irrigation systems, flow meters, weather stations, soil moisture sensors, and remote monitoring and control systems. In addition to whole systems, the Company manufactures and markets repair and replacement parts for its irrigation systems and controls and large diameter steel tubing. Furthermore, the Company designs and manufactures innovative IIOT technology solutions, data acquisition and management systems, and custom electronic equipment for critical applications under its Elecsys brand. 
 The Company s irrigation systems are primarily of the standard center pivot type, with a small portion of its products consisting of the lateral move type. Both are automatic move systems consisting of sprinklers mounted on a water carrying pipeline which is supported approximately 11 feet off the ground by a truss system suspended between moving towers. 
 A standard center pivot in the U.S. is typically seven spans and approximately 1,300 feet long and is designed to circle within a quarter section of land, which comprises 160 acres, wherein it irrigates approximately 125 to 130 acres. A center pivot or lateral move system can also be custom designed and can irrigate from 25 to 600+ acres. 
 A center pivot system represents a significant investment to a farmer. In a dry land conversion to center pivot irrigation, approximately one half of the investment is for the pivot itself, and the remainder is attributable to installation of additional equipment such as wells, pumps, underground water pipes, electrical supply, and a concrete pad upon which the pivot is anchored. The Company s center pivot and lateral move irrigation systems can be enhanced with a family of integrated proprietary products such as GPS monitoring and other automated controls. 
 4 

The Company also manufactures and distributes hose reel travelers. Hose reel travelers are typically deployed in smaller or irregular fields and usually are easy to operate, easy to move from field to field, and a smaller investment than a center pivot. 
 The Company also markets proprietary remote monitoring and automation technology that works on any brand of electronic pivot and drip irrigation systems and is sold on a subscription basis under the brand names FieldNET and FieldWise . FieldNET is commercialized exclusively through Zimmatic dealers while FieldWise is used primarily by non- Zimmatic dealers and customers. These technologies enable growers to remotely monitor and operate irrigation equipment, saving time, and reducing water and energy consumption. The technology uses cellular or radio frequency communication systems to remotely acquire data relating to various conditions in an irrigated field, including operational status of the irrigation system, position of the irrigation system, water usage, weather and soil conditions, and similar data. It can also remotely control the irrigation system, altering the speed to vary water application amounts, and controlling pump station and diesel generator operation. Data management and control is achieved using applications running on various personal computer or mobile devices connected to the internet. 
 The Company also markets patented technology under the FieldNET Advisor product name which delivers information that helps farmers decide precisely when, where and how much to irrigate. This technology combines crop and irrigation science and expertise accumulated since 1955 with FieldNET s cloud computing capabilities, remote sensing functionality and machine learning to provide farmers with field-specific and crop-specific irrigation recommendations. 
 Other Types of Irrigation Center pivot and lateral move irrigation systems compete with three other types of irrigation: flood, drip, and other mechanical devices such as hose reel travelers and solid set sprinklers. The majority of worldwide irrigation is accomplished by traditional flood irrigation. Flood irrigation is accomplished by either flooding an entire field, or by providing a water source (ditches or a pipe) along the side of a field, which is planed and slopes slightly away from the water source. The water is released to the crop rows through gates in the ditch or pipe, or through siphon tubes arching over the ditch wall into some of the crop rows. It runs down through the crop row until it reaches the far end of the row, at which time the water source is moved and another set of rows are flooded. Disadvantages or limitations of flood irrigation include that it cannot be used to irrigate uneven, hilly, or rolling terrain, it can be wasteful or inefficient and coverage can become inconsistently applied. In drip or low flow irrigation, perforated plastic pipe or tape is installed on the ground or buried underground at the root level. Several other types of mechanical devices, such as hose reel travelers, irrigate the remaining irrigated acres. 
 Center pivot, lateral move, and hose reel traveler irrigation offer significant advantages when compared with other types of irrigation. It requires less labor and monitoring; can be used on sandy ground, which, due to poor water retention ability, must have water applied frequently; can be used on uneven ground, thereby allowing previously unsuitable land to be brought into production; can be used for the application of fertilizers, insecticides, herbicides, or other chemicals (termed fertigation or chemigation and conserves water and chemicals through precise control of the amount and timing of the application. 
 Markets Water is an essential and critical requirement for crop production, and the extent, regularity, and frequency of water application can be a critical factor in crop quality and yield. The fundamental factors which govern the demand for center pivot and lateral move systems are essentially the same in both the U.S. and international markets. Demand for center pivot and lateral move systems is determined by whether the value of the increased crop production and cost savings attributable to center pivot or lateral move irrigation exceeds any increased costs associated with purchasing, installing, and operating the equipment. Thus, the decision to purchase a center pivot or lateral move system, in part, reflects the profitability of agricultural production, which is determined primarily by the prices of agricultural commodities and the costs of other farming inputs. In new or developing international markets, demand for irrigation systems can also be driven by food security concerns and the desire of some countries to become more self-sufficient in food production. 
 The current demand for center pivot systems has three sources: conversion to center pivot systems from less water-efficient, more labor-intensive types of irrigation; replacement of older center pivot systems, which are beyond their useful lives or are technologically obsolete; and conversion of dry land farming to irrigated farming. Demand for center pivots and lateral move irrigation equipment also depends upon the need for the particular operational characteristics and advantages of such systems in relation to alternative types of irrigation, primarily flood. More efficient use of the basic natural resources of land, water, and energy helps drive demand for center pivot and lateral move irrigation equipment. An increasing global population not only increases demand for agricultural output, but also places additional and competing demands on land, water, and energy. The Company expects demand for center 
 5 

pivots and lateral move systems to continue to increase relative to other irrigation methods because center pivot and lateral move systems are preferred where the soil is sandy; the terrain is not flat; the land area to be irrigated is sizeable; there is a shortage of reliable labor; water supply is restricted and conservation is preferred or critical; and/or fertigation or chemigation will be utilized. 
 United States Market In the United States, the Company sells its branded irrigation systems, including Zimmatic , to over 200 independent dealers, who resell to their customer, the farmer. Dealers assess their customers requirements, design the most efficient solution, assemble and erect the system in the field, and provide additional system components, primarily relating to water supply (wells, pumps, pipes) and electrical supply (on-site generation or hook-up to power lines). Lindsay dealers generally are established local agribusinesses, many of which also deal in related products, such as well drilling and water pump equipment, farm implements, grain handling and storage systems, and farm structures. 
 International Market The Company sells center pivot and lateral move irrigation systems throughout the world. International sales accounted for approximately 41 percent and 47 percent of the Company s total irrigation segment revenues in fiscal year 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company sells direct to consumers, as well as through an international dealer network, and has production and sales operations serving the key markets in South America, Western and Eastern Europe, China, Africa, Middle East, Australia, and New Zealand. The Company also exports irrigation equipment from its global production facilities to other international markets. 
 The Company s industry position is such that it believes that it will likely be considered as a potential supplier for most large international agricultural development projects utilizing center pivot or lateral move irrigation systems. 
 Competition Four manufacturers control a substantial majority of the U.S. center pivot irrigation system market. The international irrigation market includes participation and competition by the leading U.S. manufacturers, as well as various regional manufacturers. The Company competes by continuously improving its products through ongoing research and development activities, channel improvement initiatives, and its operational strategies. The Company continues to strengthen irrigation product offerings through innovative technology such as GPS positioning and guidance, variable rate irrigation, wireless irrigation management, and mobile device applications, as well as through the acquisition of products and services that allow the Company to provide a more comprehensive solution to growers needs. Competition also occurs in areas of price and seasonal programs, product quality, durability, controls, product characteristics, retention and reputation of local dealers, customer service, and, at certain times of the year, the availability of systems and their delivery time. On balance, the Company believes it competes favorably with respect to these factors. 
 INFRASTRUCTURE SEGMENT 
 Products The Company s Quickchange Moveable Barrier system, commonly known as the Road Zipper System , is composed of three parts: 1) T-shaped concrete and steel barriers that are connected to form a continuous wall; 2) a Barrier Transfer Machine BTM capable of moving the barrier laterally across the pavement; and 3) the variable length barriers necessary for accommodating curves. A barrier element is approximately 32 inches high, 12-24 inches wide, 3 feet long, and weighs 1,500 pounds. The barrier elements are interconnected by heavy duty steel hinges to form a continuous barrier. The BTM employs an inverted S-shaped conveyor mechanism that lifts the barrier, moves it laterally to the opposite side of the road, and sets it back down on the roadway surface. 
 In permanent applications, the Road Zipper System increases capacity and reduces congestion by varying the number of directional traffic lanes to match the traffic demand and promotes safety by maintaining the physical separation of opposing lanes of traffic. Roadways with fixed medians have a set number of lanes in each direction and cannot be adjusted to traffic demands that may change over the course of a day, or to capacity reductions caused by traffic incidents or road repair and maintenance. Applications include high-volume highways where expansion may not be feasible due to lack of additional right-of-way, environmental concerns, or insufficient funding. The Road Zipper System is particularly useful in busy commuter corridors and at choke points such as bridges and tunnels. Road Zipper Systems can also be deployed at roadway or roadside construction sites to accelerate construction, improve traffic flow, and safeguard work crews, motorists, pedestrians, cyclists and others using the roadway by positively separating the work area and traffic. Examples of types of work completed with the help of a Road Zipper System include highway reconstruction, paving and resurfacing, road widening, median and shoulder construction, and repairs to tunnels and bridges. 
 The Company offers a variety of equipment lease options for Road Zipper Systems and BTM equipment used in construction applications. The leases extend for periods of one month or more for equipment already existing in the Company s lease fleet. Longer lease periods may be required for specialty equipment that must be built for specific projects. 
 6 

Crash Cushions The Company offers a complete line of redirective and non-redirective crash cushions which are used to enhance highway safety at locations such as toll booths, freeway off-ramps, medians and roadside barrier ends, bridge supports, utility poles, and other fixed roadway hazards. The Company s primary crash cushion products cover a variety of lengths, widths, speed capacities, and application accessories and include the following brand names: TAU Universal TAU-II TAU-II-R TAU-B_NR ABSORB 350 Walt TAU-M ABSORB-M TAU-XR and TAU-TUBE . The crash cushions compete with other vendors in the world market. These systems are generally sold through a distribution channel that is domiciled in particular geographic areas. 
 Specialty Barriers The Company also offers specialty barrier products such as the SAB , ArmorGuard , PaveGuard , and DR46 portable barrier and/or barrier gate systems. These products offer portability and flexibility in setting up and modifying barriers in work areas and provide quick-opening, high-containment gates for use in median or roadside barriers. The gates are generally used to create openings in barrier walls of various types for both construction and incident management purposes. The DR46 is an energy-absorbing barrier that can help protect motorcyclists from impacting guardrail posts, which is an area of focus by departments of transportation and government regulators for reducing the amount and severity of injuries. 
 Road Marking and Road Safety Equipment The Company also offers preformed tape and a line of road safety accessory products. The preformed tape is used primarily in temporary applications such as markings for work zones, street crossings, and road center lines or boundaries. The road safety equipment consists of mostly plastic and rubber products used for delineation, slowing traffic, and signaling. The Company also manages an ISO 17025 certified testing laboratory that performs full-scale impact testing of highway safety products in accordance with the National Cooperative Highway Research Program NCHRP Report 350, the Manual for Assessing Safety Hardware MASH ), and the European Norms EN1317 Norms for these types of products. The NCHRP Report 350 and MASH guidelines are procedures required by the U.S. Department of Transportation Federal Highway Administration FHWA for the safety performance evaluation of highway features. The EN1317 Norms are being used to qualify roadway safety products for the European markets. 
 Rail Products The Company also designs, engineers and manufactures a line of products for the railroad industry. These products are designed to meet industry standards and include signals and lights, structures, foundations, junction boxes and signs. 
 Markets The Company s primary infrastructure market includes moveable concrete barriers, delineation systems, crash cushions, and similar protective equipment. The U.S. roadway infrastructure market includes projects such as new roadway construction, bridges, tunnels, maintenance and resurfacing, and development of technologies for relief of roadway congestion. Much of the U.S. highway infrastructure market is driven by government (federal and state) spending programs. For example, the U.S. government funds highway and road improvements through the Federal Highway Trust Fund Program. This program provides funding to improve the nation s roadway system. Matching funding from the various states may be required as a condition of federal funding. In the long term, the Company believes that the federal program provides a solid platform for growth in the U.S. market, as it is generally acknowledged that additional funding will be required for infrastructure development and maintenance in the future. 
 The global market for the Company s infrastructure products continues to be driven by population growth and the need for improved road safety. The international market differs from country to country. The standardization in performance requirements and acceptance criteria for highway safety devices adopted by the European Committee for Standardization has lead to greater uniformity and a larger installation program. Prevention programs put in place in various countries to lower highway traffic fatalities has also lead to greater demand. The Company distributes infrastructure products in Europe, South America, the Middle East, Australia and Asia. The Company expects to continue expanding in international markets as populations grow and markets become more established. 
 Competition The Company competes in certain product lines with several manufacturers. The Company competes by striving to continuously improve its products through ongoing research and development activities. The Company competes with certain products and companies in its crash cushion business, but has limited competition in its moveable barrier line. However, the Company s barrier product does compete with traditional safety-shaped concrete barriers and other safety barriers. 
 Distribution Methods and Channels The Company has dedicated production and sales operations in the United States, Italy and the Netherlands. Sales efforts consist of both direct sales and sales programs managed by the Company s network of distributors and third-party representatives. The sales teams have responsibility for new business development and assisting distributors and dealers in soliciting large projects and new customers. The 
 7 

distributor traditionally has exclusive territories and is responsible for developing sales and providing service, including product maintenance, repair, and installation. The typical distributor sells an array of safety supplies, road signs, crash cushions, delineation equipment, and other highway products. Customers include departments of transportation, municipal transportation road agencies, roadway contractors, subcontractors, distributors, and resellers. Due to the project nature of the roadway construction and congestion management markets, the Company s customer base changes from year to year. Due to the limited life of projects, it is rare that a single customer will account for a significant amount of revenues in consecutive years. The customer base also varies depending on the type of product sold. The Company s moveable barrier products are typically sold to transportation agencies or the contractors or suppliers serving those agencies. In contrast, distributors account for a majority of crash cushion sales since those products have lower price points and tend to have shorter lead times. 
 GENERAL 
 Certain information generally applicable to both of the Company s reportable segments is set forth below. 
 SEASONALITY 
 Irrigation equipment sales are seasonal by nature. Farmers generally order systems to be delivered and installed before the growing season. Shipments to customers located in Northern Hemisphere countries usually peak during the Company s second and third fiscal quarters for the spring planting period. Sales of infrastructure products are traditionally higher during prime road construction seasons and lower in the winter. The primary construction season for Northern Hemisphere countries generally corresponds with the Company s third and fourth fiscal quarters. 
 CUSTOMERS 
 The Company is not dependent upon a single customer or upon a limited number of customers for a material part of either segment s business. The loss of any one customer would not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flow. 
 ORDER BACKLOG 
 As of August 31, 2024, the Company had an order backlog of 180.9 million compared with 78.7 million at August 31, 2023. The Company s backlog can fluctuate from period to period due to the seasonality, cyclicality, timing, and execution of contracts. Backlog typically represents long-term projects as well as short lead-time orders; therefore, it is generally not a good indication of the revenues to be realized in succeeding quarters. 
 RAW MATERIALS AND COMPONENTS 
 Raw materials used by the Company include coil steel, angle steel, plate steel, zinc, tires, gearboxes, concrete, rebar, fasteners, and electrical and hydraulic components (motors, switches, cable, valves, hose, and stators). While the Company has, on occasion, faced shortages of certain such materials, the Company believes it currently has ready access from assorted domestic and foreign suppliers to adequate supplies of raw materials and components. 
 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES 
 Capital expenditures for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 were 29.0 million, 18.8 million, and 15.6 million, respectively. Capital expenditures for fiscal 2025 are expected to range from approximately 50 million to 55 million, including equipment replacement, productivity improvements, new product development and commercial growth investments. An increase over recent levels of capital expenditures relates to modernization and productivity improvements planned at certain manufacturing facilities. The Company s management does maintain flexibility to modify the amount and timing of some of the planned expenditures in response to economic conditions. 
 PATENTS, TRADEMARKS, AND LICENSES 
 The Company relies on a variety of intellectual property laws, confidentiality procedures, and contractual provisions to protect its proprietary offerings and its brand. 
 
 The Company owns and, from time to time, licenses patents for many of its irrigation and infrastructure solutions, as well as cellular communication techniques, cathodic protection measurement methods, and data compression and transmission. The Company follows a policy of applying for patents on all significant patentable inventions in markets deemed appropriate. Although the Company believes it is important to follow a patent protection policy, the Company's business is not dependent, to any material extent, on any single patent or group of patents. 
 
 The Company s Zimmatic , Perrot , Road Zipper , The Road Zipper System , Quickchange Moveable Barrier , ABSORB 350 , ABSORB-M , FieldNET , FieldNET Advisor , FieldNET Crop Advisor , FieldNET Irrigation Advisor , FieldNET VRI Advisor , FieldNET Weather Advisor , Watertrend SM , FieldWise , Greenfield , 
 8 

GrowSmart Z-TRAX , TAU , Universal TAU-II , TAU-II-R , TAU-B_NR , TAU-M , TAU-TUBE , TAU-XR , CableGuard , TESI , SAB , ArmorGuard , PaveGuard , DR46 , U-MAD , Sabertooth , RoadConnect , ImpactAlert , and other trademarks, service marks, domain names, and copyrights are registered or applied for in the major markets in which the Company sells its products. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 The Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries have 1,280 employees as of August 31, 2024. None of the Company s United States based employees are represented by a union. Certain of the Company s non-U.S. employees are unionized due to local governmental regulations. Maintaining a sufficient number of skilled employees at its various manufacturing sites is a key focus of the Company s human capital efforts. The Company believes it maintains a sufficient number of skilled employees by offering competitive wages, benefits and training and development programs. 
 
 We believe our commitment to empowering and developing our human capital resources is essential to becoming the innovation and market leader in our core business. Empowering our people is one of our organizational priorities, highlighting three areas in particular: (1) workplace culture, (2) employee engagement and inclusion, and (3) employee health and safety. 
 
 Workplace Culture 
 Our culture is focused on the core values of safety, integrity, quality, collaboration, and creativity. Additionally, we have an annual evaluation process to measure and assess employee engagement. This focus on employee engagement aims to create and sustain employee empowerment, team collaboration, and support and service to the greater community. 
 
 We are guided by our global Anti-Discrimination and Equal Employment Policy which delineates our commitment to preventing any form of unlawful employee discrimination or harassment and our dedication to providing a workplace where all employees, customers, partners and investors are treated with courtesy, respect, and dignity. We are committed to building an inclusive workplace, guided by our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 
 Employee Health and Safety 
 The health and safety of our employees is an integral part of everything we do. We hold each other accountable to actively promote a safe and healthy workplace, and report any situations that may pose a health, safety or security risk. We use the Lindsay Safety System to guide and develop our safety-based culture. The Lindsay Safety System is comprised of eight core elements: 
 Hazard ID / Assessment 

Training 

Audits 

Policy/Procedures 

Incident Investigation 

Inspections 

Metrics 

Recognition 

We approach safety by looking at cultural change and engineering developments simultaneously. We conduct job safety assessments, training and incident investigations. We also recognize and instill best practices in employee behavior, wherever practicable. In addition, we create policies and make sure the appropriate infrastructure is in place and maintained. Our audit and inspection processes validate best-in-class performance. 

9 

EFFECT OF GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION 
 The Company is subject to numerous laws and government regulations, including those that govern environmental and occupational health and safety matters. The Company believes that its operations are substantially in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, and that it holds all necessary permits to operate its business in each jurisdiction in which its facilities are located. Laws and government regulations are subject to change and interpretation. In some cases, compliance with applicable laws and regulations may require the Company to make additional capital and operational expenditures. The Company, however, is not currently aware of any material expenditures required to comply with applicable laws or government regulations, other than the capital expenditures and ongoing0monitoring costs relating to environmental remediation activities at its Lindsay, Nebraska plant that are more fully described in Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company accrues for the anticipated cost associated with compliance with laws and governmental regulations applicable to its business, including investigation and remediation costs at its Lindsay, Nebraska site, when its obligation to incur those costs is probable and can be reasonably estimated. Any revisions to these estimates could be material to the operating results of any fiscal quarter or fiscal year, however the Company does not expect future capital expenses relating to compliance with government regulations, including those for remediation of its Lindsay, Nebraska site, to have a material adverse effect on its earnings, liquidity, financial condition or competitive position. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT FOREIGN AND U.S. OPERATIONS 
 The Company s primary production facilities are located in the United States. The Company has smaller production and sales operations in Brazil, France, Italy, China, T rkiye, and South Africa, as well as distribution and sales operations in the Netherlands, Egypt, Australia, and New Zealand. Where the Company exports products from the United States to international markets, the Company generally ships against prepayment, an irrevocable letter of credit confirmed by a banking institution or another secured means of payment, or with credit insurance from a third party. For sales within both U.S. and foreign jurisdictions, prepayments or other forms of security may be required before credit is granted, however most local sales are made based on payment terms after a full credit review has been performed. Most of the Company s financial transactions are in U.S. dollars, although some export sales and sales from the Company s foreign subsidiaries are conducted in other currencies. Approximately 36 and 38 percent of total consolidated Company revenues were conducted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. To reduce the uncertainty of foreign currency exchange rate movements on these sales and purchase commitments conducted in local currencies, the Company monitors its risk of foreign currency fluctuations and, at times, may enter into forward exchange or option contracts for transactions denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars. 
 In addition to the transactional foreign currency exposures mentioned above, the Company also has translation exposure resulting from translating the financial statements of its international subsidiaries into U.S. dollars. In order to reduce this translation exposure, the Company, at times, utilizes foreign currency forward contracts to hedge its net investment exposure in its foreign operations. For information on the Company s foreign currency risks, see Item 7A of Part II of this report. 
 INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON THE LINDSAY WEBSITE 
 The Company makes available free of charge on its website homepage, under the tab Investor Relations SEC Filings , its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, the Company's annual sustainability report is available on the website under the tab "Investor Relations Sustainability Report." The Company s internet address is http://www.lindsay.com; however, information posted on its website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following documents are also posted on the Company s website homepage, under the tabs Investor Relations Committees and Investor Relations Ethics : 
 10 

Audit Committee Charter 
 Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Charter 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 Corporate Governance Principles 
 Code of Ethical Conduct 
 Human Rights Policy 
 Employee Complaint Procedures for Accounting and Auditing Matters 
 Human Resources and Compensation Committee Charter 
 Supplier Code of Conduct 
 Special Toll-Free Hotline Number and E-mail Address for Making Confidential or Anonymous Complaints 
 These documents are also available in print to any stockholder upon request, by sending a letter addressed to the Secretary of the Company. 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 All executive officers of the Company are appointed by the Board of Directors annually and have employment agreements. There are no family relationships between any director or executive officer. There are no arrangements or understandings between any executive officer and any other person pursuant to which they were selected as an officer. The following table lists the Company s executive officers and other key employees and each of their ages, and positions as of October 24, 2024. 

Age 
 Position 

Randy A. Wood 
 52 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Brian L. Ketcham 
 63 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

J. Scott Marion 
 56 
 President Infrastructure 

Gustavo E. Oberto 
 51 
 President Irrigation 

Brian P. Klawinski 
 48 
 Senior Vice President Technology and Innovation 

Brian J. Magnusson 
 45 
 Senior Vice President Strategy and Business Development 

Eric R. Arneson 
 50 
 Senior Vice President General Counsel and Secretary 

Kelly M. Staup 
 52 
 Senior Vice President Chief People Officer 

Melissa G. Moreno 
 45 
 Senior Vice President Chief Information Officer 

Richard A. Harold 
 51 
 Senior Vice President Global Operations 

Mr. Randy A. Wood is the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, a position he has held since January 2021. Mr. Wood has also been a director of the Company since January 2021 and he is the only executive officer of the Company serving on the Board of Directors. Between September 2020 and January 2021, Mr. Wood served as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company. Between May 2016 and September 2020, Mr. Wood served as President Irrigation of the Company. Between October 2013 and May 2016, Mr. Wood served as President International Irrigation of the Company. Between February 2012 and October 2013, Mr. Wood served as Vice President Americas / ANZ Sales and Marketing. Previously he was Vice President North America Irrigation Sales of the Company and held such position from March 2008, when he joined the Company. Prior to March 2008, Mr. Wood spent 11 years with Case Corporation / CNH Global including roles as the Senior Director of Marketing, Case IH Tractors, and Senior Director of Sales and Marketing, Parts and Service. 
 Mr. Brian L. Ketcham is the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and has held such positions since April 2016. Prior to joining the Company and since 2001, Mr. Ketcham served in various finance roles at Valmont Industries, Inc., a company that provides irrigation and infrastructure equipment, most recently as Vice President and Group Controller of the Engineered Support Structures segment. Prior to joining Valmont, Mr. Ketcham held various positions with Consolidated Container Company LLC and KPMG LLP. 
 Mr. J. Scott Marion is the President Infrastructure Division, a position he has held with the Company since May 2016. Between April 2011 and May 2016, Mr. Marion served as Vice President and General Manager Americas and APAC (Infrastructure) of the Company. From January 2005 to April 2011, Mr. Marion served in several management positions at Pentair. Prior to 2005, Mr. Marion spent 14 years with General Electric in a variety of sales and managerial capacities. 
 Mr. Gustavo E. Oberto is the President Irrigation Division, a position he has held since September 2020. Between September 2019 and August 2020, Mr. Oberto served as President Elecsys International, LLC, which provides IIOT 
 11 

solutions and is a subsidiary of the Company. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Oberto served in various management roles at Conductix-Wampfler Group, an industrial equipment supplier and a division of Delachaux S.A, most recently as Managing Director of Global Sales Markets from March 2016 to September 2019. During his 20-year career at Conductix-Wampfler Group, Mr. Oberto held a series of leadership positions in international business development. Prior to joining Conductix-Wampfler Group, Mr. Oberto worked for Travelex Global Payments and also worked as International Liaison to Former Nebraska Governor Ben Nelson where he advised Midwestern companies on how to penetrate the Latin America agriculture market. Mr. Oberto is currently a member of the U.S. Commercial Service District Export Council. 
 Mr. Brian P. Klawinski is Senior Vice President Technology and Innovation, a position he has held with the Company since September 2024. Between 2008 and September 2024, Mr. Klawinski served as General Manager of FieldWise, LLC. During his tenure at FieldWise, Mr. Klawinski helped bring product concepts to market, leveraging his extensive technical expertise to drive the company s growth and innovation. 
 Mr. Brian J. Magnusson is the Company s Senior Vice President Strategy and Business Development and has held such position since January 2023. Between May 2019 and January 2023, Mr. Magnusson served as the Company s Vice President, The Americas and held responsibility for the Company s irrigation business in North and South America. Between June 2018 and May 2019, Mr. Magnusson served as the Company s Vice President, Technology and Innovation. Previous to that role, Mr. Magnusson served as the Company s Vice President, Technology, a position he held starting with his arrival to the Company in 2015. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Magnusson served as Global Director, Tractor Portfolio Management at CNH Industrial for three years and spent the preceding four years at Bain Company advising executive teams at Fortune 500 corporations on strategic growth challenges. 
 Mr. Eric R. Arneson is the Senior Vice President General Counsel and Secretary of the Company and has held such positions since April 2008, when he joined the Company. Prior to that time and since January 1999, Mr. Arneson practiced law with the law firm of Kutak Rock LLP, and was most recently a partner of the firm. 
 Ms. Kelly M. Staup is the Senior Vice President Chief People Officer, a position she has held with the Company since January 2018. From November 2016 to January 2018, Ms. Staup served as Director Human Resources of the Company. From June 2011 to November 2016, Ms. Staup served as the Company s Organization Development and Recruiting Manager. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Staup was an Associate Vice President of SkillStorm from August 2008 to June 2011 and previously served in managerial roles at Ajilon and Digital People. 
 Dr. Melissa Moreno is the Senior Vice President Chief Information Officer of the Company, a position she has held since March 2021, when she joined the Company. Prior to joining the Company, Dr. Moreno served in a variety of information technology roles with Gallup, a company that provides analytics and advisory services, from 2008 to 2021, most recently serving as Chief Information Officer, Cybersecurity and Infrastructure at Gallup from December 2018 to March 2021 and Executive Director, Cybersecurity and Infrastructure from February 2014 to December 2018. Prior to joining Gallup, Dr. Moreno managed information technology functions at ConAgra Foods and Arthur Andersen. 
 Mr. Richard A. Harold is the Senior Vice President Global Operations of the Company, a position he has held since April of 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Harold served from 2018 to 2022 with Rogers Corporation, a company that provides specialty engineered materials, most recently as a Senior Director of Global Operations. Prior to that time, Mr. Harold served from 2015 to 2017 as Senior Vice President of Operations at Arizona Nutritional Supplements, and as Global Vice President of Legacy and Specialty Businesses at IDEX Corporation from 2013 to 2015. Prior to joining IDEX Corporation, Mr. Harold worked for Exterran Holdings, Inc. as Senior Manufacturing Manager from 2010 to 2013. 

12 

IT EM 1A Risk Factors 
 The following are certain of the more significant risks that may affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Business and Industry 
 Changing worldwide demand for food and biofuels could have an effect on the price of agricultural commodities and consequently the demand for irrigation equipment . Changing worldwide demand for farm outputs to meet the world s growing food and biofuel demands, driven in part by government policies and an expanding global population, are likely to result in fluctuating agricultural commodity prices, which affect demand for irrigation equipment. The primary benefit of many of the Company s irrigation products is to increase yields and the resulting revenue for farmers. As commodity prices decline, the breakeven point of incremental production is more difficult to achieve, reducing or eliminating the profit and return on investment from the purchase of the Company s products. As a result, changes in commodity prices can significantly affect the Company s sales levels. 
 A decline in oil prices or the overall demand for motor fuels, or changes in government policies regarding biofuels could also negatively affect the biofuels market and/or reduce government revenues of oil-producing countries that purchase or subsidize the purchase of irrigation equipment. Biofuels production is a significant source of grain demand in the U.S. and certain international markets. While ethanol blending levels are currently mandated within the U.S., potential mandate changes or price declines for ethanol could reduce the demand for grains. In addition, a number of ethanol producers in the U.S. are cooperatives partially owned by farmers. Reduced profit of ethanol production could reduce income for farmers which could, in turn, reduce the demand for irrigation equipment. 
 
 While climate change could shift global cropping practices and open new markets for irrigated agriculture, the changing short-term weather conditions or more prolonged climate change could adversely impact the Company s business and operations. The Company s irrigation revenues are highly dependent on the agricultural industry and weather conditions. Weather conditions, particularly leading up to the planting and early growing season, can significantly affect the purchasing decisions of consumers of irrigation equipment. An increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions, or other factors which may be the result of climate change, could adversely impact the Company's business and operations. For example, natural calamities such as regional floods, hurricanes or other storms, and droughts can have significant effects on seasonal irrigation demand. Drought conditions, which generally affect irrigation equipment demand positively over the long term, can adversely affect demand if water sources become unavailable or if governments impose water restriction policies to reduce overall water availability. 
 
 The Company s irrigation revenues are cyclical and highly dependent upon the need for irrigated agricultural crop production which, in turn, depends upon many factors, including total worldwide crop production, the profitability of agricultural crop production, agricultural commodity prices, net farm income, availability of financing for farmers, governmental policies regarding the agricultural sector, water and energy conservation policies, the regularity of rainfall, and regional climate conditions. As farm income decreases, farmers may postpone capital expenditures or seek less expensive irrigation alternatives. 
 The extent of the effects of climate change, including any related compliance requirements, are uncertain but may adversely impact the Company s operations through the availability and cost of raw materials, increased compliance costs, and increased costs to safeguard the Company s facilities and assets from disruptions or damage. 
 13 

The Company s infrastructure revenues are highly dependent on government funding of transportation projects and subject to compliance with government regulations. The demand for the Company s infrastructure products depends to a large degree on the amount of government spending authorized to improve road and highway systems. For example, the U.S. government funds highway and road improvements through the Federal Highway Trust Fund Program and matching funding from states may be required as a condition of federal funding. If highway funding is reduced or delayed, it may reduce demand for the Company s infrastructure products. 
 In order to be eligible for government funding or reimbursement, the Company s infrastructure products are generally required to meet certain standards as outlined by the various governments worldwide. The Federal Highway Administration FHWA and state departments of transportation have implemented Manual for Assessing Safety Hardware MASH standards which update and supersede National Cooperative Highway Research Program NCHRP Report 350 standards for evaluating new road safety hardware devices. While infrastructure products previously accepted under NCHRP Report 350 criteria are not required to be retested under MASH standards, they generally are no longer eligible for federal reimbursement as the MASH standards have been implemented by FHWA and the states. The Company has incurred, and will continue to incur, research and development and testing expense to develop products to comply with MASH standards. Any reevaluation of the Company s infrastructure products compliance with applicable standards, the implementation of new standards, and/or any delay in the Company s development of additional infrastructure products that comply with new standards could have a significant adverse effect on the Company s competitive position and on sales and profitability from its infrastructure product line. 
 Compliance with applicable environmental and health and safety regulations, standards, or expectations may require additional capital and operational expenditures. The Company is subject to numerous laws and government regulations, including those which govern environmental and occupational health and safety matters. The Company believes that its operations are substantially in compliance with all such applicable laws and regulations and that it holds all necessary permits to operate its business in each jurisdiction in which its facilities are located. Laws and government regulations applicable to the Company are subject to change and interpretation. The Company publishes an annual Sustainability Report, which includes information about the Company s sustainability activities and may result in increased investor, media, and employee attention to such initiatives. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations and the pursuit of other sustainability-related objectives may require the Company to make additional capital and operational expenditures that may have a material adverse effect on its earnings, liquidity, financial condition or competitive position. In particular, the Company may incur costs in connection with the remediation of environmental contamination at its Lindsay, Nebraska site that exceed the amounts that the Company has accrued for this purpose as of the end of fiscal 2024, as more fully described in Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 The Company s international sales efforts and profit margins are affected by international trade barriers and subject the Company to additional compliance obligations. The Company s international sales efforts and profit margins are affected by international trade barriers, including governmental policies on tariffs, taxes, import or export licensing requirements and trade sanctions. In recent years, certain of the components required for the manufacture of the Company's products have been or may be impacted by tariffs. Other international trade disputes, changes to or termination of existing international trade agreements, treaties or policies (e.g. the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement), or imposition of trade protection measures by certain countries in favor of their local producers or competing products could increase the Company's costs, reduce the Company's competitiveness, and have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, the Company s international sales efforts must also comply with anti-corruption laws like the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. These anti-corruption laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries (including, in the Company s case, dealers and sales representatives) from making improper payments or providing anything of value to improperly influence government officials or certain private individuals for the purpose of obtaining or retaining a business advantage. As part of the Company s irrigation and infrastructure sales efforts, the Company promotes and sells products to governmental entities and state-owned or state-backed business enterprises, the employees and representatives of which may be considered government officials for purposes of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Further, some of the countries in which the Company does business lack fully developed legal systems and are perceived to have elevated levels of corruption. Although the Company has compliance and training programs in place designed to reduce the likelihood of potential violations of such laws, violations of these laws or other compliance requirements could occur and result in criminal or civil sanctions and have an adverse effect on the Company s reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 14 

Risks Related to Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is exposed to risks from legal proceedings. From time to time, the Company may be involved in various legal proceedings and other various claims that arise in the ordinary course of its business, which may include commercial, employment, product liability, tort, and other litigation. Current and future litigation, governmental proceedings and investigations, audits, indemnification claims or other claims that the Company faces may result in substantial costs and expenses and significantly divert the attention of its management regardless of the outcome. In addition, these matters could lead to increased costs or interruptions of its normal business operations. Litigation, governmental proceedings and investigations, audits, indemnification claims or other claims involve uncertainties and the eventual outcome of any such matter could adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations or cash flows. For a summary of the Company s infrastructure products litigation, see Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 The frequency and magnitude of liability claims and the related expenses could lower profitability and increase business risk. The nature of the Company s business subjects the Company to potential liability for claims alleging property damage and personal injury or death arising from the use of or exposure to its products, especially infrastructure products that are installed along roadways. While the Company believes it maintains adequate insurance, an unusually large liability claim or a string of claims could potentially exceed the Company s available insurance coverage. In addition, the availability of, and the Company s ability to collect on, insurance coverage can be subject to factors beyond the Company s control. For example, any accident, incident, or lawsuit involving the Company, its products specifically, or the industries in which the Company operates generally, even if the Company is fully insured, contractually indemnified, or not held to be liable, could significantly affect the cost and availability of insurance to the Company in the future. 
 
 If any of the Company s third-party insurers fail, cancel, or refuse coverage, or otherwise are unable to provide the Company with adequate insurance coverage, then the Company s overall risk exposure and operational expenses would increase and the management of the Company s business operations would be disrupted. 
 
 Further, as insurance policies expire, increased premiums for renewed or new coverage, if such coverage can be secured, may increase the Company s insurance expense and/or require that the Company increase its self-insured retention or deductibles. The Company maintains primary coverage and excess coverage policies. If the number of claims or the dollar amounts of any such claims rise in any policy year, the Company could suffer additional costs associated with accessing its excess coverage policies. Also, an increase in the loss amounts attributable to such claims could expose the Company to uninsured damages if the Company was unable or elected not to insure against certain claims because of increased premiums or other reasons. 
 
 The Company s infrastructure products are installed along roadways in inherently dangerous applications. Accidents involving the Company s infrastructure products could reduce demand for such products and expose the Company to significant damages and reputational harm. The Company is currently defending a number of product liability lawsuits involving the Company s X-Lite end terminal. Further, while the U.S. Department of Justice, Civil Division, and the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Northern District of New York successfully obtained the 2023 dismissal of a federal civil False Claims Act lawsuit filed against the Company by an individual relator after the United States conducted a yearslong investigation of the Company s X-Lite end terminal and determined that the individual relator s allegations lack[ed] merit and did not warrant the continued expenditure of resources to pursue or monitor the action, the same individual relator has subsequently filed a pending state-level lawsuit in Tennessee in which he makes substantially similar allegations under the Tennessee Fraud Against Taxpayers Act. While the Company s infrastructure products are designed to meet all applicable standards in effect in the markets in which such products are offered, the risk of product liability claims, demands for reimbursement or compensatory payments, and associated adverse publicity is inherent in the development, manufacturing, marketing, and sale of such products, including end terminals and crash cushions that are ultimately installed along roadways. In addition to this inherent risk, a sizable False Claims Act judgment against a competitor (which was reversed on appeal) brought significant attention to the infrastructure products industry and may be a factor leading to additional lawsuits, demands, and investigations being pursued against the Company and others in the industry. 
 
 An actual or perceived issue with the Company s infrastructure products can lead to a decline in demand for such products, the removal of such products from qualified products lists used by government customers in their purchasing decisions, the removal and replacement of such products from roadways by government customers and demands for reimbursement or compensatory payments for such actions, adverse publicity, claims or litigation, and/or the diversion of management s attention, which could materially and adversely affect the Company s reputation, business, financial 
 15 

condition, and results of operations. While infrastructure product selection, assembly, installation, operation, repair, and maintenance are the responsibilities of dealers, distributors, customers, and/or state departments of transportation, the Company may nevertheless also be subjected to claims, litigation, or demands for reimbursement or compensatory payments in connection with a third party s alleged failure to satisfactorily discharge such responsibilities, including but not limited to claims associated with personal injuries, property damage, and death. Likewise, improper assembly, installation, operation, repair, or maintenance of the Company s infrastructure products may cause such infrastructure products to fail to meet certain performance standards, which could lead to similar consequences as an actual or perceived issue with the infrastructure products themselves. 
 
 Although the Company currently maintains insurance against product-related claims or litigation, the Company could be exposed to significant losses arising from claims involving infrastructure products if the Company s insurance does not cover all associated liabilities or if coverage in the future becomes unobtainable on commercially reasonable terms. 
 General Risks 
 The Company s profitability may be negatively affected by changes in the availability and price of certain parts, components, and raw materials. The Company requires access to various parts, components, and raw materials at competitive prices in order to manufacture its products. Changes in the availability and price of these parts, components, and raw materials (including steel and zinc), which have changed significantly and rapidly at times and are affected by factors like demand, tariffs, freight costs, and outbreaks, can significantly increase the costs of production. Due to price competition in the market for irrigation equipment and certain infrastructure products, the Company may not be able to recoup increases in these costs through price increases for its products, which would result in reduced profitability. Whether increased operating costs can be passed through to the customer depends on a number of factors, including farm income and the price of competing products. Further, the Company relies on a limited number of suppliers for certain raw materials, parts and components in the manufacturing process. Disruptions or delays in supply or significant price increases from these suppliers could adversely affect the Company s operations and profitability. Such disruptions, terminations or cost increases could result in cost inefficiencies, delayed sales or reduced sales. 
 The Company s international sales are highly dependent on foreign market conditions. International revenues are primarily generated from Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Western and Eastern Europe, Mexico, the Middle East, Africa, China, and Central and South America. In addition to risks relating to general economic and potential instability in these countries, a number of countries are particularly susceptible to disruption from changing socioeconomic conditions as well as terrorism, sanctions, war, outbreaks, and similar incidents. Since fiscal 2022, sales to Russia and Belarus were paused indefinitely due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Prior to that time, sales with Russian, Ukrainian, and Belarusian customers had historically represented less than 5 percent of consolidated revenues. Commercial activities in Russia and Belarus remain on hold while hostile actions against Ukraine continue. The collectability of international receivables can also be difficult to estimate, particularly in areas of political instability or with governments with which the Company has limited experience or where there is a lack of transparency as to the current credit condition. 
 The Company s international sales and profit margins are subject to currency exchange risk. The Company s international sales involve some level of export from the U.S., either of components or completed products. Policies and geopolitical events affecting exchange rates could adversely affect the international flow of agricultural and other commodities, which can cause a corresponding downturn in the demand for agricultural equipment in many areas of the world. Further, any strengthening of the U.S. dollar or any other currency of a country in which the Company manufactures its products (e.g. the Euro, the Brazilian real, the South African rand, the Turkish lira, and the Chinese renminbi) and/or any weakening of local currencies can increase the cost of the Company s products in its foreign markets. Irrespective of any effect on the overall demand for agricultural equipment, the effect of these changes can make the Company s products less competitive relative to local producing competitors and, in extreme cases, can result in the Company s products not being cost-effective for customers. As a result, the Company s international sales and profit margins could decline. 
 Changes in interest rates could reduce demand for the Company s products. Rising interest rates could have a dampening effect on overall economic activity and/or the financial condition of the Company s customers, either or both of which could negatively affect customer demand for the Company s products and customers ability to repay obligations to the Company. An increase in interest rates could also make it more difficult for customers to cost-effectively fund the purchase of new equipment, which could adversely affect the Company s sales. 
 16 

The Company s consolidated financial results are reported in U.S. dollars while certain assets and other reported items are denominated in the currencies of other countries, creating currency translation risk. The reporting currency for the Company s consolidated financial statements is the U.S. dollar. Certain of the Company s assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues are denominated in other countries currencies. Those assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues are translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable exchange rates to prepare the Company s consolidated financial statements. Therefore, increases or decreases in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and those other currencies affect the value of those items as reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements. Substantial fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar compared to other currencies could have a significant effect on the Company s results. 
 Security breaches and other disruptions to the Company s information technology infrastructure could interfere with its operations and could compromise the Company s and its customers and suppliers information, exposing the Company to liability that could cause its business and reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of business, the Company relies upon information technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business functions, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments. The Company uses information technology systems to record, process and summarize financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal and tax requirements. Additionally, the Company collects and stores sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information and the proprietary business information of customers and suppliers, as well as personally identifiable information of customers and employees, in data centers and on information technology networks. The secure operation of these networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to the Company s business operations and strategy. Despite security measures and business continuity plans, the Company s information technology networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to, among other reasons, attacks by hackers or breaches due to employee error or malfeasance or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures or natural disasters or other catastrophic events. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise the Company s networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disrupt operations, and damage the Company s reputation, which could adversely affect the Company s business. 
 ITE M 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 ITEM 1C Cybersecurity 
 The Company recognizes the critical importance of cybersecurity in safeguarding its operations, assets, and various stakeholders and acknowledges that such risks are becoming more complex and frequent. As part of its enterprise-level risk management assessment process, the Company has implemented a cybersecurity program to identify, mitigate, and respond to risks associated with cyber threats and to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of Company computer systems. 
 Risk Management 
 The aspects of the Company s risk management approach to cybersecurity include: 
 Annually reviewing and updating cybersecurity policies to ensure alignment with the latest industry standards and regulatory requirements. The specific aspects of the Company's program are informed by guidelines outlined in various accepted frameworks, including the Cybersecurity Framework CSF issued by the National Institute of Standards and Technology Framework NIST ), an agency of the United States Department of Commerce. 

Maintaining a dedicated cybersecurity team under the direction of the Company's Chief Information Officer CIO that has expertise related to data and network security, data governance, and risk management. 

17 

Conducting vulnerability assessments to identify and mitigate potential security risks. These assessments include network scans, penetration testing, and security audits performed by internal resources or qualified third-party providers. 

Requiring all employees to participate in cybersecurity training and awareness programs including annual cybersecurity training and monthly phishing campaigns. These programs educate employees on how to recognize and respond to cyber threats and develop best practices for maintaining a strong security culture. 

Monitoring information channels from trusted security information sources to stay abreast of developing cybersecurity concerns that may affect the Company or its operations. 

Reviewing the security protocols of new third-party service providers to ensure acceptable levels of security are documented and maintained. 

Maintaining an incident response retainer with a respected cybersecurity firm to ensure timely response and forensic capabilities. 

Despite the Company's efforts, cyber attacks, unauthorized access, security breaches, ransomware, social engineering attacks or other cyber incidents could materially affect the Company and disrupt its business. Potential consequences of a successful cyber attack or cybersecurity incident could include remediation costs, disruption of manufacturing capabilities, legal costs, increased cybersecurity protection costs, lost revenues, litigation and legal risks including governmental or regulatory enforcement actions, increased insurance premiums, reputational damage that adversely affects customer or investor confidence, and damage to the Company's competitiveness, stock price, and long-term shareholder value. While the Company is regularly exposed to such malicious threats, none of these threats, individually or in the aggregate of related occurrences, have materially affected the Company in the period covered by this report. 
 Incident Response Procedures 
 The Company s cybersecurity incident response plan is a critical component of the overall cybersecurity strategy. This plan outlines the procedures and actions to be taken in the event of a cybersecurity incident to minimize impact and ensure a swift recovery. Key elements of the Company's incident response plan include: 
 Incident discovery and confirmation: the Company has established clear protocols for identifying and reporting suspected cybersecurity incidents. Employees are trained to recognize potential incidents and report them immediately to the Company's IT security team. 

Incident assessment and classification: upon receiving a report of a potential incident, the Company's IT security team conducts a thorough assessment to determine the nature and severity of the incident. Incidents are classified based on their impact and risk level. 

Containment and continuity: once an incident is confirmed, the Company takes immediate steps to contain and mitigate its impact. which may involve isolating affected systems, applying security patches, or implementing other remedial actions. 

Eradication and recovery: after containment, the Company works to eradicate the root cause of the incident and restore affected systems to normal operation, which includes evicting threat actors, removing malware, repairing vulnerabilities, and validating system integrity. 

Communication and reporting: the Company maintains clear communication channels to keep all relevant stakeholders informed throughout the incident response process, which includes internal communication with employees and external communication with customers, regulators, and other parties as necessary. 

Post-incident review and improvement: following the resolution of an incident, the Company conducts a post-incident review to identify lessons learned and areas for improvement, which helps enhance incident response capabilities and prevent future incidents. 

Governance 
 18 

As part of its oversight responsibilities as it relates to the Company s overall risk management, the Company s Board of Directors has designated cybersecurity oversight as a full board responsibility. The Board of Directors is mindful to have members with cybersecurity expertise represented on the Board of Directors. The CIO provides monthly reports to the Board of Directors regarding cybersecurity related matters and presents cybersecurity updates to the full Board of Directors at each Board meeting. The Board of Directors also participates in regular training and educational efforts to stay current on relevant cybersecurity related topics. 
 The Company s CIO reports directly to the Company's CEO and is responsible for managing, designing, and implementing all aspects of the Company s day-to-day cybersecurity programs and initiatives. The CIO and the dedicated cybersecurity team have appropriate levels of expertise, certifications, and previous work experience to effectively develop and oversee the Company s cybersecurity efforts. 
 IT EM 2 Properties 
 The Company s facilities are well-maintained, in good operating condition, and suitable for present purposes. These facilities, together with both short-term and long-term planned capital expenditures, are expected to meet the Company s manufacturing needs in the foreseeable future. The Company does not anticipate any difficulty in retaining occupancy of any leased facilities, either by renewing leases prior to expiration or by replacing them with equivalent leased facilities. The following are the Company s significant properties. 

Segment 
 
 Geographic location 
 
 Own/ lease 
 
 Lease expiration 
 
 Square feet 

Property description 

Corporate 
 
 Omaha, Nebraska 
 
 Lease 
 
 2034 

55,000 

Corporate headquarters 

Irrigation 
 
 Lindsay, Nebraska 
 
 Own 
 
 N/A 

300,000 

Principal U.S. manufacturing plant 

Irrigation 
 
 Corlu, T rkiye 
 
 Own 
 
 N/A 

283,000 

Manufacturing plant for irrigation products 

Irrigation 
 
 Tianjin, China 
 
 Lease 
 
 2027 

163,000 

Manufacturing plant for irrigation products 

Irrigation 
 
 La Chapelle, France 
 
 Own 
 
 N/A 

72,000 

Manufacturing plant for irrigation products 

Irrigation 
 
 Bellville, South Africa 
 
 Lease 
 
 2027 

71,000 

Manufacturing plant for irrigation products 

Irrigation 
 
 Mogi Mirim, Sao Paulo, Brazil 
 
 Own 
 
 N/A 

67,000 

Manufacturing plant for irrigation products 

Irrigation 
 
 Olathe, Kansas 
 
 Own 
 
 N/A 

60,000 

Manufacturing plant for machine-to-machine products 

Irrigation 
 
 Norfolk, Nebraska 
 
 Own 
 
 N/A 

13,400 

Manufacturing plant for on-farm telemetry devices 

Infrastructure 
 
 Milan, Italy 
 
 Own 
 
 N/A 

45,000 

Manufacturing plant for infrastructure products 

Infrastructure 
 
 Rio Vista, California 
 
 Own 
 
 N/A 

30,000 

Manufacturing plant for infrastructure products 

ITE M 3 Legal Proceedings 
 In the ordinary course of its business operations, the Company is involved, from time to time, in commercial litigation, product liability litigation, tort litigation, employment disputes, administrative proceedings, business disputes, and other legal proceedings. No such current proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, are expected to have a material effect on the business or financial condition of the Company, other than the specific environmental remediation matters which are disclosed as part of Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Company s consolidated financial statements. Any revisions to the estimates accrued for environmental remediation could be material to the operating results of any fiscal quarter or fiscal year, however the Company does not expect such additional expenses would have a material adverse effect on its liquidity or financial condition. 
 For a summary of the Company s infrastructure products litigation, see Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 ITE M 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 19 

P ART II 
 IT EM 5 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Holders 
 Lindsay Common Stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. NYSE under the ticker symbol LNN. As of October 21, 2024, there were approximately 134 stockholders of record. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchases 
 The table below sets forth information with respect to purchases of the Company s common stock made by or on behalf of the Company during the year ended August 31, 2024: 

ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid Per Share 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) in thousands) 

June 1, 2024 to June 30, 2024 
 
 18,893 

112.11 
 
 18,893 

43,859 

July 1, 2024 to July 31, 2024 
 
 21,841 

111.20 
 
 21,841 

41,430 

August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024 

41,430 

Total 
 
 40,734 

111.62 
 
 40,734 

41,430 

(1) On January 3, 2014, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to 150.0 million of common stock through January 2, 2016. On July 22, 2015, the Company announced that its Board of Directors increased its outstanding share repurchase authorization by 100.0 million with no expiration. Under the program, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions as well as under formalized trading plans in accordance with the guidelines specified under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Dividends 
 The Company paid a total of 15.5 million and 15.1 million in dividends during fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company currently expects that cash dividends comparable to those paid historically will continue to be paid in the future, although there can be no assurance as to the payment of future dividends as such payment depends on results of operations, financial condition, business prospects, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, any potential indebtedness the Company may incur, restrictions imposed by applicable law, tax considerations, and other factors that the Board of Directors deems relevant. 
 20 

Company Stock Performance 
 The following graph compares the cumulative five-year total return attained by stockholders on the Company s Common Stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the S P SmallCap 600 Index and the S P SmallCap 600 Construction, Farm Machinery and Heavy Transportation Equipment Index for the five-year period ended August 31, 2024. An investment of 100 (with the reinvestment of all dividends) is assumed to have been made in the Company s Common Stock and in each of the indexes on August 31, 2019 and the graph shows its relative performance through August 31, 2024. 

8/19 
 
 8/20 
 
 8/21 
 
 8/22 
 
 8/23 
 
 8/24 

Lindsay Corporation 
 
 100.00 
 
 114.71 
 
 190.76 
 
 187.41 
 
 146.48 
 
 148.12 

S P SmallCap 600 Index 
 
 100.00 
 
 99.45 
 
 153.12 
 
 134.56 
 
 142.01 
 
 166.59 

S P 600 Construction Machinery Heavy Transportation Equipment 
 
 100.00 
 
 113.23 
 
 144.30 
 
 138.89 
 
 190.31 
 
 243.18 

The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 
 IT EM 6 [Reserved] 
 
 21 

IT EM 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Concerning Forward Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains not only historical information, but also forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Statements that are not historical are forward-looking and reflect expectations for future Company performance. In addition, forward-looking statements may be made orally or in press releases, conferences, reports, on the Company s web site, or otherwise, in the future by or on behalf of the Company. When used by or on behalf of the Company, the words expect, anticipate, estimate, believe, intend, will, plan, predict, project, outlook, could, may, should, and similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. For these statements throughout the Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The entire sections entitled Financial Overview and Outlook and Risk Factors should be considered forward-looking statements. 
 Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those discussed in the Risk Factors section contained in Item 1A. Readers should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and should recognize that the statements are predictions of future results or conditions, which may not occur as anticipated. Actual results or conditions could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements and from historical results, due to the risks and uncertainties described herein, as well as others not now anticipated. The risks and uncertainties described herein are not exclusive and further information concerning the Company and its businesses, including factors that potentially could materially affect the Company s financial results, may emerge from time to time. Except as required by law, the Company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results or changes in factors or assumptions affecting such forward-looking statements. 
 Company Overview 
 The Company manufactures and markets center pivot, lateral move, and hose reel irrigation systems. The Company also produces and markets irrigation controls, chemical injection systems, remote monitoring and irrigation scheduling systems. These products are used by farmers to increase or stabilize crop production while conserving water, energy, and labor. Through its acquisitions and third-party commercial arrangements, the Company has been able to enhance its capabilities in providing innovative, turn-key solutions to customers through the integration of designs, controls, and pump stations. The Company sells its irrigation products primarily to a world-wide independent dealer network, who resell to their customers, the farmers. The Company s irrigation production facilities are located in the United States, Brazil, T rkiye, France, China and South Africa, and also has distribution and sales operations in the Netherlands, Egypt, Australia, and New Zealand. The Company also manufactures and markets, through distributors and direct sales to customers, various infrastructure products, including moveable barrier systems for traffic lane management, crash cushions, preformed reflective pavement tapes, and other road safety devices, through its production facilities in the United States and Italy, and has produced road safety products in irrigation manufacturing facilities in China, Brazil and T rkiye. In addition, the Company s infrastructure segment produces railroad signals and structures. 
 For the business overall, the global, long-term drivers of population growth, water conservation and environmental sustainability, the need for increased food production, and the need for safer, more efficient transportation solutions remain positive. Key factors which impact demand for the Company s irrigation products include total worldwide agricultural crop production, the profitability of agricultural crop production, agricultural commodity prices, net farm income, availability of financing for farmers, governmental policies regarding the agricultural sector, water and energy conservation policies, the regularity of rainfall, regional climate conditions, food security concerns and foreign currency exchange rates. A key factor which impacts demand for the Company s infrastructure products is the amount of spending authorized by governments to improve road and highway systems. Much of the U.S. highway infrastructure market is driven by government spending programs. For example, the U.S. government funds highway and road improvements through the Federal Highway Trust Fund Program. This program provides funding to improve the nation s roadway system. In November 2021, the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act was enacted and included a five-year reauthorization of the Fixing America's Surface Transportation (FAST) Act. This legislation also introduced 110 billion in incremental federal funding planned for roads, bridges, and other transportation projects, which the Company anticipates may support higher demand for its transportation safety products. 
 22 

The Company continues to have an ongoing, structured, acquisition process that it expects to generate additional growth opportunities throughout the world and add to its irrigation and infrastructure capabilities. The Company is committed to achieving earnings growth by global market expansion, improvements in margins, and strategic acquisitions. 
 New Accounting Standards Issued 
 See Note 2, New Accounting Pronouncements, to the Company s consolidated financial statements for information regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 In preparing the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), management must make a variety of decisions which impact the reported amounts and the related disclosures. Such decisions include the selection of the appropriate accounting principles to be applied and the assumptions on which to base accounting estimates. In reaching such decisions, management applies judgment based on its understanding and analysis of the relevant facts and circumstances. Certain of the Company s accounting policies are critical, as these policies are most important to the presentation of the Company s consolidated results of operations and financial condition. They require the greatest use of judgments and estimates by management based on the Company s historical experience and management s knowledge and understanding of current facts and circumstances. Management periodically re-evaluates and adjusts the estimates that are used as circumstances change. Following is the accounting policy management considers critical to the Company s consolidated results of operations and financial condition: 
 
 Warranties 
 The Company s accounting policy on accounting for its product warranties is critical because it includes significant judgments and estimates by management about the amount, nature, and timing of future product-related warranty costs. 
 
 The Company generally warrants its products against certain manufacturing and other defects. These product warranties are provided for specific periods and/or usage of the product. At the time a sale is recognized, the Company records the estimated future warranty costs. The Company generally determines its total future warranty liability by applying historical claims rate experience to the amount of equipment that has been sold and is still within the warranty period. In addition, the Company records provisions for known warranty claims. 
 
 The Company periodically reviews the assumptions used to determine the liabilities for product warranties and adjusts its assumptions based upon factors such as actual failure rates and cost experience. A number of factors could affect actual failure rates and cost experience, including the amount and timing of new product introductions, changes in manufacturing techniques or locations, components or suppliers used. If actual costs differ from the estimates, an adjustment may be made to the product warranty liability. 
 Financial Overview and Outlook 
 Operating revenues in fiscal 2024 were 607.1 million, a 10 percent decrease compared to 674.1 million in the prior year. Irrigation segment revenues decreased 12 percent to 513.9 million and infrastructure segment revenues increased 6 percent to 93.2 million. Net earnings for fiscal 2024 decreased 8 percent to 66.3 million or 6.01 per diluted share compared with 72.4 million or 6.54 per diluted share in the prior year. The impact on net earnings of lower irrigation revenues was partially offset by higher infrastructure revenues that carry a favorable margin mix and by higher other income, driven by an increase in interest income and favorable foreign currency translation results, and by a lower effective income tax rate resulting from the realization of certain tax credits. 
 The global drivers for the Company s irrigation segment are population growth and the attendant need for expanded food production and efficient water use. The need for irrigated agricultural crop production, which depends upon many factors, include the following primary drivers: 
 Agricultural commodity prices - As of August 2024, corn prices were approximately 19 percent lower and soybean prices approximately 29 percent lower, when compared to August 2023. The reduction in commodity prices is due primarily to higher production levels anticipated in calendar 2024 that are resulting in increased supply and higher commodity inventory levels. Agriculture commodity prices fluctuate based on supply factors, such as global production and inventory levels and the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia, which is in addition to demand factors such as food and feed consumption, biofuel production and the level of China's demand for agricultural imports. 

23 

Net farm income - As of August 2024, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (the USDA estimated U.S. 2024 net farm income to be 140.0 billion, a decrease of 4 percent from the USDA s final U.S. 2023 net farm income of 146.5 billion. This projected decrease is resulting primarily from a reduction in government support payments and cash receipts for crops that is being partially offset by lower input costs. 

Weather conditions Demand for irrigation equipment is often positively affected by storm damage and prolonged periods of drought conditions as producers look for ways to reduce the risk of low crop production and crop failures. Conversely, demand for irrigation equipment can be negatively affected during periods of more predictable or abundant natural precipitation. 

Governmental policies - A number of government laws and regulations can impact the Company s business, including: 

o The Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 (the Farm Bill was signed into law in December 2018 and provides a degree of certainty to growers, including funding for the Environmental Quality Incentives Program, which provides financial assistance to farmers to implement conservation practices, and is frequently used to assist in the purchase of center pivot irrigation systems. In November 2023, Congress voted to extend the Farm Bill through September 30, 2024, at which date it expired without new legislation or another extension. It is expected that Congress will address the Farm Bill when it returns to session after the November 2024 elections and before benefits run out at the end of the calendar year. 

o Changes to U.S. income tax laws enacted in December 2017 increased the benefit of certain tax incentives, such as the Section 179 income tax deduction and Section 168 bonus depreciation, which are intended to encourage equipment purchases by allowing 100 percent of the cost of equipment to be treated as an expense in the year of purchase rather than amortized over its useful life. This benefit is being phased out by 20 percent per year over a five-year period, beginning in 2023. For calendar 2024, the allowable deduction is 60 percent of the cost of equipment and in calendar 2025 the allowable deduction will drop to 40 percent. 

o Biofuel production continues to be a major demand driver for irrigated corn, sugar cane and soybeans as these crops are used in high volumes to produce ethanol and biodiesel. On June 21, 2023, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA announced a final rule setting biofuel volume requirements for the Renewable Fuels Standard (RFS) program for 2023, 2024, and 2025. The final volume requirements reflect an increase in total gallons of renewable fuel of approximately 3 to 4 percent in each successive year. 

o Many international markets are affected by government policies such as subsidies and other agriculturally related incentives. While these policies can have a significant effect on individual markets, they typically do not have a material effect on the consolidated results of the Company. 

Currency The value of the U.S. dollar fluctuates in relation to the value of currencies in a number of countries to which the Company exports products and maintains local operations. The strengthening of the dollar increases the cost in the local currency of the products exported from the U.S. into these countries and, therefore, could negatively affect the Company s international sales and margins. In addition, the U.S. dollar value of sales made in any affected foreign currencies will decline as the value of the dollar rises in relation to these other currencies. 

U.S. net farm income levels in calendar 2023, although lower than historically high 2022 levels, supported farmer profitability and demand for investment in the first half of fiscal 2024. However, the forecasted decline in estimated 2024 net farm income has led to tempered demand for irrigation equipment during the second half of fiscal 2024, and is expected to continue into at least fiscal 2025 until the outlook for net farm income may improve. The Company has been able to maintain its pricing for irrigation equipment while inflationary pressure on steel and other raw material costs, as well as freight and logistics costs, have moderated. 
 The most significant opportunities for growth in irrigation sales over the next several years continue to be in international markets where irrigation use is less developed and demand is driven not only by commodity prices and farm income, but also by food security, water scarcity and population growth. While international irrigation markets remain active with opportunities for further development and expansion, regional political and economic factors, 
 24 

including armed conflict, currency conditions and other factors can create a challenging environment. The Company continues to monitor the Ukraine and Russia conflict for both short and long-term implications and has suspended new business activity in Russia and Belarus since February 2022. Sales with Russian, Ukrainian, and Belarusian customers have historically represented less than 5 percent of consolidated revenues. Additionally, international results are heavily dependent upon project sales which tend to fluctuate and can be difficult to forecast accurately. In May 2024, the Company announced a multi-year supply agreement to provide irrigation systems and remote management and scheduling technology for a large project in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region. The project is valued at over 100 million in revenue, with equipment deliveries beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 and expected to continue through the first quarter of fiscal 2026. 
 In the infrastructure business, demand for the Company's transportation safety products largely depends on government spending for road construction and improvements. The enactment of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act ("IIJA") in November 2021 marked the largest infusion of federal investment into infrastructure projects in more than a decade. This legislation introduced 110 billion in incremental federal funding, planned for roads, bridges, and other transportation projects, which the Company anticipates may translate into higher demand for its transportation safety products as funds are appropriated and states begin to implement projects. This additional funding has supported an increase in Road Zipper System leasing revenues that the Company realized in fiscal 2024. The federal programs under IIJA run through September 2026 with funding extending up to two years beyond that date. 
 As of August 31, 2024, the Company had an order backlog of 180.9 million compared with 78.7 million at August 31, 2023. Included in these backlogs are amounts of 36.5 million and 3.8 million, respectively, for orders that are not expected to be fulfilled within the subsequent twelve months. The backlog in both segments was higher compared to the prior year, with the increase in irrigation backlog resulting from the addition of the large project in the MENA region. The Company s backlog can fluctuate from period to period due to the seasonality, cyclicality, timing, and execution of contracts. Backlog typically represents long-term projects as well as short lead-time orders; therefore, it is generally not a good indication of the revenues to be realized in succeeding quarters. 
 25 

Results of Operations 
 The following Fiscal 2024 Compared to Fiscal 2023 section presents an analysis of the Company s consolidated operating results displayed in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and should be read together with the information in Note 18, Industry Segment Information, to the consolidated financial statements. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on October 19, 2023, which is available free of charge on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and the Company s website at www.lindsay.com under the tab Investor Relations SEC Filings. 
 Fiscal 2024 Compared to Fiscal 2023 
 The following table provides highlights for fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023: 

For the years ended 

Percent 

August 31, 

increase 

in thousands) 
 
 2024 

2023 

(decrease) 

Consolidated 

Operating revenues 

607,074 

674,084 

(10 

Cost of operating revenues 

416,019 

461,069 

(10 

Gross profit 

191,055 

213,015 

(10 

Gross margin 

31.5 

31.6 

Operating expenses (1) 

114,447 

110,831 

3 

Operating income 

76,608 

102,184 

(25 

Operating margin 

12.6 

15.2 

Other income (expense) 

2,442 

(1,809) 
 
 (235 

Income tax expense 

12,793 

27,996 

(54 

Effective income tax rate 

16.2 

27.9 

Net earnings 

66,257 

72,379 

(8 

Irrigation segment (2) 

Operating revenues 

513,896 

586,031 

(12 

Operating income 

87,547 

121,969 

(28 

Operating margin 

17.0 

20.8 

Infrastructure segment (2) 

Operating revenues 

93,178 

88,053 

6 

Operating income 

18,995 

12,067 

57 

Operating margin 

20.4 

13.7 

(1) Includes corporate general and administrative expenses of 29.9 million and 31.8 million for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

(2) See Note 18 Industry Segment Information, to the consolidated financial statements, for further details regarding segments. 

Revenues 
 Operating revenues in fiscal 2024 were 607.1 million, a decrease of 10 percent or 67.0 million, compared to 674.1 million in fiscal 2023. Irrigation segment revenues of 513.9 million, decreased 72.1 million, or 12 percent, and infrastructure revenues increased 5.1 million, or 6 percent, compared to the prior fiscal year. The irrigation segment provided 85 percent of Company revenue in fiscal 2024 as compared to 87 percent in fiscal 2023. 
 North America irrigation revenues in fiscal 2024 were 302.1 million, a decrease of 2 percent or 7.4 million, from 309.5 million in fiscal 2023. Higher unit sales volume in the current year was more than offset by lower sales of replacement parts, the impact of a less favorable mix of shorter machines, and slightly lower average selling prices compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 International irrigation revenues in fiscal 2024 were 211.7 million, a decrease of 23 percent or 64.7 million, from 276.5 million in fiscal 2023. The decrease resulted primarily from lower sales volumes in Brazil and other Latin America markets compared to the prior fiscal year. In Brazil, market demand declined due to a significant drop in local commodity prices that had a negative impact on farmer profitability and liquidity. This decrease was partially offset by higher revenues from project sales in developing markets compared to the prior fiscal year. The impact of foreign currency translation on current year revenues was not meaningful compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 26 

Infrastructure segment revenues in fiscal 2024 were 93.2 million, an increase of 5.1 million, or 6 percent, from 88.1 million in fiscal 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to higher Road Zipper System lease revenues, which were partially offset by lower Road Zipper System project sales and lower sales of road safety products compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit was 191.1 million for fiscal 2024, a decrease of 21.9 million, or 10 percent, compared to 213.0 million for fiscal 2023. The decrease in gross profit resulted primarily from lower revenues in irrigation. Gross margin was 31.5 percent of sales for fiscal 2024 compared to 31.6 percent of sales for fiscal 2023. Increased gross margin in infrastructure resulted primarily from a more favorable margin mix of revenues with higher Road Zipper System lease revenues compared to the prior fiscal year. This favorable impact was offset by lower irrigation gross margin resulting from a decrease in revenues without a corresponding reduction in fixed operating costs. 
 Operating Expenses 
 The Company s operating expenses of 114.4 million for fiscal 2024 increased 3.6 million, or 3 percent, compared to fiscal 2023 operating expenses of 110.8 million. Increased selling expense was partially offset by cost reductions in other areas compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 Other income amounted to 2.4 million in fiscal 2024 compared to other expense of 1.8 million in fiscal 2023. The change resulted primarily from a 2.4 million increase in interest income and a reduction in interest expense of 0.6 million compared to the prior fiscal year. The current year was also impacted by the unfavorable effects of foreign currency transaction gains and losses of approximately 0.6 million compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company recorded income tax expense of 12.8 million and 28.0 million for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. Lower income tax expense in the current fiscal year resulted from lower earnings before income tax as well as a lower effective tax rate compared to the prior fiscal year. The effective tax rate was 16.2 percent and 27.9 percent for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. The lower effective tax rate in the current fiscal year reflects the impact of one-time benefits in Brazil totaling 5.9 million along with a decreased proportion of earnings in higher rate foreign jurisdictions compared to the prior fiscal year. The impact of other discrete items in fiscal 2024 and 2023 was not significant. 
 Net Earnings 
 Net earnings for fiscal 2024 were 66.3 million, or 6.01 per diluted share, compared to 72.4 million, or 6.54 per diluted share, for fiscal 2023. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The Company s cash and cash equivalents totaled 190.9 million at August 31, 2024 compared with cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities of 166.3 million at August 31, 2023. The increase resulted from the excess of cash provided by operating activities over the cash used in investing and financing activities. The Company requires cash for financing its receivables and inventories, paying operating expenses and capital expenditures, and for dividends and share repurchases. The Company meets its liquidity needs and finances its capital expenditures from its available cash and funds provided by operations along with borrowings under the credit arrangements that are described below. In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts and commitments which obligate the Company to make future payments. The Company does not have any additional off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on the Company s financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. The Company believes its current cash resources, projected operating cash flow, and remaining capacity under its continuing bank lines of credit are sufficient to cover all of its expected working capital needs, planned capital expenditures and dividends. The Company may require additional borrowings to fund potential acquisitions in the future. 
 27 

The Company s total cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries amounted to 84.3 million and 64.6 million as of August 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The Company considers earnings of foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested, and would need to accrue and pay incremental state, local, and foreign taxes if such earnings were repatriated to the United States. The Company does not intend to repatriate the funds and does not expect these funds to have a significant impact on the Company s overall liquidity. 
 Net working capital was 367.4 million at August 31, 2024 as compared with 351.4 million at August 31, 2023. Cash flows provided by operating activities totaled 95.8 million during the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to 119.7 million provided by operating activities during the prior fiscal year. The decrease in cash flows provided by operating activities resulted from lower net earnings and a lower reduction in working capital compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 Cash flows used in investing activities totaled 25.9 million during the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to 47.4 million during the prior fiscal year. Capital spending was 29.0 million in fiscal 2024 compared to 18.8 million in fiscal 2023. Fiscal 2023 also included outflows of 30.8 million for the acquisition of a business. 
 Cash flows used in financing activities totaled 38.6 million during the year ended August 31, 2024 compared to 17.3 million during the prior fiscal year. During the current fiscal year, the Company repurchased 22.5 million of common stock. 
 Capital Allocation Plan 
 The Company s capital allocation plan is to continue investing in revenue and earnings growth, combined with a defined process for enhancing returns to stockholders. Priorities for the use of cash under the Company s capital allocation plan include: 
 Investment in organic growth including capital expenditures and expansion of international markets, 

Synergistic acquisitions that provide attractive returns to stockholders, 

Dividends to stockholders, along with expectations to increase dividends over time, and 

Opportunistic share repurchases taking into account cyclical and seasonal fluctuations. 

Capital Expenditures 
 Capital expenditures for fiscal 2025 are expected to range from approximately 50 million to 55 million, including equipment replacement, productivity improvements, new product development and commercial growth investments. An increase over recent levels of capital expenditures relates to modernization and productivity improvements planned at certain manufacturing facilities. The Company s management does maintain flexibility to modify the amount and timing of some of the planned expenditures in response to economic conditions. 
 Dividends 
 In fiscal 2024, the Company paid cash dividends of 1.41 per common share or 15.5 million to stockholders as compared to 1.37 per common share or 15.1 million to stockholders in fiscal 2023. 
 Share Repurchases 
 The Company s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 250.0 million of common stock with no expiration date. Under the program, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions as well as under formalized trading plans in accordance with the guidelines specified under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company repurchased 22.5 million of common shares during the year ended August 31, 2024. There were no shares repurchased during the years ended August 31, 2023 and 2022. The remaining amount available under the repurchase program was 41.4 million as of August 31, 2024. 
 Long-Term Borrowing Facilities 
 Senior Notes . The Company has outstanding 115.0 million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured Senior Notes, Series A (the Senior Notes ). The entire principal of the Senior Notes is due and payable on February 19, 2030. Interest on the Senior Notes is payable semi-annually at a fixed annual rate of 3.82 percent. Borrowings under the 
 28 

Senior Notes are unsecured. The Company used the proceeds of the sale of the Senior Notes for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions and dividends. 
 Revolving Credit Facility . The Company has outstanding a 50.0 million unsecured Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility (the Revolving Credit Facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo expiring August 26, 2026. The Company intends to use borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility for working capital purposes and to fund future acquisitions. At August 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. The amount of borrowings available at any time under the Revolving Credit Facility is reduced by the amount of standby letters of credit issued by Wells Fargo then outstanding. At August 31, 2024, the Company had the ability to borrow up to 50.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility may be increased by up to an additional 50.0 million at any time, subject to additional commitment approval. The Revolving Credit Facility was amended to transition the benchmark rate from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a variable rate equal to the SOFR plus a margin of between 100 and 210 basis points depending on the Company s leverage ratio then in effect (which resulted in a variable rate of 6.67 percent at August 31, 2024), subject to adjustment as set forth in the loan documents for the Revolving Credit Facility. Interest is paid on a monthly to quarterly basis depending on loan type. The Company currently pays an annual commitment fee on the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility. The fee is between 0.125 percent and 0.2 percent (0.125 percent at August 31, 2024) on the unused balance depending on the Company s leverage ratio then in effect. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility have equal priority with borrowings under the Company s Senior Notes. Each of the credit arrangements described above include certain covenants relating primarily to the Company s financial condition. These financial covenants include a funded debt to EBITDA leverage ratio and an interest coverage ratio. In the event that the loan documents for the Revolving Credit Facility were to require the Company to comply with any financial covenant that is not already included or is more restrictive than what is already included in the arrangement governing the Senior Notes, then such covenant shall be deemed incorporated by reference into the Senior Notes for the benefit of the holders of the Senior Notes. Upon the occurrence of any event of default of these covenants, including a change in control of the Company, all amounts outstanding thereunder may be declared to be immediately due and payable. At August 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company was in compliance with all financial loan covenants contained in its credit arrangements in place as of each of those dates. 
 
 ITE M 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 The Company uses certain financial derivatives to mitigate its exposure to volatility in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. The Company uses these derivative instruments to hedge exposures in the ordinary course of business and does not invest in derivative instruments for speculative purposes. The credit risk under these interest rate and foreign currency agreements is not considered to be significant. The Company attempts to manage market and credit risks associated with its derivative instruments by establishing and monitoring limits as to the types and degree of risk that may be undertaken, and by entering into transactions with counterparties that have investment grade credit ratings. As of August 31, 2024, the Company s derivative counterparty had an investment grade credit rating. 
 The Company has manufacturing operations in the United States, Brazil, France, Italy, China, T rkiye, and South Africa. The Company has sold products throughout the world and purchases certain of its components from third-party international suppliers. Export sales made from the United States are principally U.S. dollar denominated. At times, export sales may be denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar. A majority of the Company s revenue generated from operations outside the United States is denominated in local currency. Accordingly, these sales are not typically subject to significant foreign currency transaction risk. The Company s most significant transactional foreign currency exposures are the Euro, the Brazilian real, the South African rand, the Turkish lira, and the Chinese renminbi in relation to the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies create exposures, which can adversely affect the Company s results of operations. Based on the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company estimates the potential decrease in operating income from a ten percent adverse change in the underlying exchange rates, in U.S. dollar terms, would be approximately 3.3 million. 
 In order to reduce exposures related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, the Company, at times, may enter into forward exchanges, option contracts, or cross currency swaps for transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency for certain of its operations. This activity primarily relates to economically hedging against foreign currency risk in purchasing inventory, sales of finished goods, intercompany transactions and future settlement of foreign denominated assets and liabilities. At August 31, 2024, the Company had an outstanding foreign 
 29 

currency forward contract to sell a notional amount of 144.8 million South African rand at fixed prices to settle during the next fiscal quarter. 
 IT EM 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 30 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors Lindsay Corporation: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lindsay Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended August 31, 2024, and the related notes and financial statement schedule (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended August 31, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated October 24, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate 
 
 Evaluation of product warranty accrual 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 17 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s product warranty accrual as of August 31, 2024 was 14.2 million. The Company warrants a portion of its products against certain manufacturing and other defects and estimates the amount of warranty accrual based on various factors, including historical warranty costs and sales. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of historical claim experience used to estimate the domestic product warranty accrual for the Irrigation segment as a critical audit matter. Subjective auditor judgment was required to 
 31 

evaluate the relevance of historical claim experience in the determination of the estimated product warranty accrual. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the product warranty accrual process, including controls related to the relevance and reliability of historical claim data and the review of significant assumptions used in developing the estimate. We assessed the estimated cost of future claims used in the estimation of product warranty liability by comparing them to the Company s underlying historical claims data that was assessed for relevance and reliability. To assess management s ability to estimate the product warranty accrual, we compared the Company s historical product warranty estimates to actual claim results. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2001. 
 
 October 24, 2024 

32 

Lindsay Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATE MENTS OF EARNINGS 

Years ended August 31, 

and shares in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 2024 

2023 

2022 

Operating revenues 

Cost of operating revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling expense 

General and administrative expense 

Engineering and research expense 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Interest income 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

() 

Total other income (expense) 

() 

() 

Earnings before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net earnings 

Earnings per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Shares used in computing earnings per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Cash dividends declared per share 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 33 

Lindsay Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Years ended August 31, 

in thousands) 
 
 2024 

2023 

2022 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive (loss) income: 

Defined benefit pension plan adjustment, net of tax 

Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of hedging activities and tax 

() 

() 

() 

Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities, net of tax 

() 

Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax (benefit) expense of ), ), and 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive income 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 34 

Lindsay Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 

August 31, 

August 31, 

and shares in thousands, except par values) 
 
 2024 

2023 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Receivables, net of allowance of and , respectively 

Inventories, net 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred income tax assets 

Other noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Pension benefits liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Operating lease liabilities 

Deferred income tax liabilities 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders' equity: 

Preferred stock of par value - authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock at par value - authorized shares; and shares issued at August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Capital in excess of stated value 

Retained earnings 

Less treasury stock - at cost, and shares, respectively 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net 

() 

() 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 35 

Lindsay Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 and shares in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Shares of common stock 

Shares of treasury stock 

Common stock 

Capital in excess of stated value 

Retained earnings 

Treasury stock 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net 

Total shareholders equity 

Balance at August 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive income 

Cash dividends per share 

() 

() 

Issuance of common shares under share compensation plans, net 

Share-based compensation expense 

Balance at August 31, 2022 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive income 

Total comprehensive income 

Cash dividends per share 

() 

() 

Issuance of common shares under share compensation plans, net 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation expense 

Balance at August 31, 2023 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income: 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive income 

Cash dividends per share 

() 

() 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

() 

Issuance of common shares under share compensation plans, net 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation expense 

Balance at August 31, 2024 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 36 

Lindsay Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years ended August 31, 

in thousands) 
 
 2024 

2023 

2022 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Provision for uncollectible accounts receivable 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation expense 

Foreign currency transaction (gain) loss 

() 

Other, net 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Receivables 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

Other current assets 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

() 

Other current liabilities 

() 

() 

Other noncurrent assets and liabilities 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of marketable securities available-for-sale 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities available-for-sale 

Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired 

() 

Other investing activities, net 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Repurchase of common stock 

() 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Common stock withheld for payroll tax obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Other financing activities, net 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Income taxes paid 

Interest paid 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 37 

Lin dsay Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 reporting segments. 

38 

million and million at August 31, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. The Company s evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses is based on facts and circumstances available to the Company at the date the consolidated financial statements are issued and considers any significant changes in circumstances occurring through the date that the financial statements are issued. 
 
 to years; equipment to years; computer hardware and software to years; leased barrier transfer machines -- to years; leased barriers years; other to years and leasehold improvements shorter of the economic life or term of the lease. The Company s internally developed software is included in computer hardware and software. All of the Company s long lived asset groups are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset group, an impairment loss is recognized based upon the difference between the fair value of the asset and its carrying value. impairments were recorded during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 . The cost and accumulated depreciation relating to assets retired or otherwise disposed of 

39 

40 

41 

In September 2022, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2022-04, Liabilities - Supplier Finance Programs, which requires annual and interim disclosures for entities that finance its purchases with supplier finance programs. The Company adopted these amendments in its fiscal 2024, except for the amendment on rollforward information, which is effective for the Company beginning in its fiscal 2025. The adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

mi llion and million at August 31, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. Performance Obligations A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of account. A contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation using the standalone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract. For most performance obligations, the standalone selling price is directly observable as these goods or services are also sold separately by the Company. For performance obligations where the standalone selling price is not directly observable, the Company determines the standalone selling price using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. 

 42 

Over time 

Revenue from the contracts with customers 

Lease revenue 

Total operating revenues 

Year ended August 31, 2023 

in thousands) 
 
 Irrigation 

Infrastructure 

Total 

Point in time 

Over time 

Revenue from the contracts with customers 

Lease revenue 

Total operating revenues 

Year ended August 31, 2022 

in thousands) 
 
 Irrigation 

Infrastructure 

Total 

Point in time 

Over time 

Revenue from the contracts with customers 

Lease revenue 

Total operating revenues 

Further disaggregation of revenue is disclosed in the Note 18 Industry Segment Information. 

 43 

million and million, respectively. These amounts are included within other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet. At August 31, 2024, and 2023, contract liabilities amounted to million and million, respectively. Contract liabilities are included within other current liabilities and noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. During the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company recognized million of revenue that was included in the liability as of August 31, 2023 . The revenue recognized was due to performance obligations being completed during the year. Amounts included here exclude deferred lease revenues that are included within other current liabilities. 

(the "acquisition date"), the Company completed the acquisition of the membership interests of FieldWise, LLC ("FieldWise"). FieldWise is a market leader in agricultural technology products with a focus on subscription-based, precision irrigation solutions. The purchase price of million was financed through an all cash transaction from the Company's cash on hand. The following table summarizes the final purchase price allocation for the acquisition of FieldWise. 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Property and equipment 

Deferred tax asset 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

() 

Deferred revenues 

() 

Non-current deferred revenues 

() 

Total purchase price 

During the post-acquisition period, the Company recorded measurement period adjustments to the preliminary recorded values assigned to certain Company assets acquired as of the acquisition date. These adjustments were the product of final working capital adjustments with the seller and are incorporated within the values noted in the table above. These adjustments did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. The acquired intangible assets inclu de amortizable intangible assets of million and indefinite-lived intangible assets of million related to tradenames. The amortizable intangible assets have a weighted average useful life of approximately years. 

44 

Developed technology 

Tradenames 
 
 N/A 

Total intangible assets 

Goodwill related to the acquisition of FieldWise primarily relates to intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, including the experience and knowledge of FieldWise management, its assembled workforce, and its intellectual capital and specialization with monitoring technology solutions, data acquisition and management systems. This goodwill is included in the irrigation reporting segment and is deductible for income tax purposes. Pro forma information related to this acquisition was not included because the impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements was not considered to be material. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Diluted effect of stock equivalents 

Weighted average shares outstanding assuming dilution 

Basic net earnings per share 

Diluted net earnings per share 

Certain stock options and restricted stock units were excluded from the computation of diluted net earnings per share because their effect would have been anti-dilutive. Performance stock units are excluded from the calculation of dilutive potential common shares until the threshold performance conditions have been satisfied. The number of securities excluded from the computation of earnings per share because their effect would have been anti-dilutive was not significant for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 . 

and 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation, net of hedging activities, net of tax expense of and 

() 

() 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax benefit of and 

() 

Total accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

45 

Foreign 

Earnings before income taxes 

State 

Foreign 

Total current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 

() 

State 

() 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

Total deferred 

() 

() 

Total income tax provision 

Total income tax provision resulted in effective tax rates differing from that of the statutory United States federal income tax rates. The reasons for these differences are: 

State and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Foreign tax rate differences 

NOLs 

() 

() 

U.S. tax reform 

() 

() 

Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Federal credits 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Uncertain tax benefits 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Capital gains 

International credits 

() 

() 

Other 

Effective rate 

46 

Warranty 

Defined benefit pension plan 

Inventory 

Share-based compensation 

Vacation 

Net operating loss and capital loss carry forwards 

Deferred revenue 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Lease liabilities 

Capitalized research and development expenditures 

Net investment hedges 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Intangible assets 

() 

() 

Property, plant, and equipment 

() 

() 

Lease assets 

() 

() 

Net investment hedges 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

In assessing the ability to realize deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. During the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company recorded tax benefits totaling million in Brazil, which are not expected to repeat in future periods. The impact of other discrete items in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 was not significant. As of August 31, 2024 and 2023 , the Company had a valuation allowance of million related to deferred tax assets in a jurisdiction where the Company does not expect to realize the deferred benefit. The Company does not intend to, and has not historically, repatriated earnings of its foreign subsidiaries. Thus, the Company has not provided a deferred income tax liability on these undistributed earnings that are indefinitely reinvested. The Company would recognize a deferred income tax liability if the Company were to determine that such earnings were no longer indefinitely reinvested. There are other taxes that may be incurred if the Company would repatriate earnings of its foreign subsidiaries. It is not practicable to estimate the amount of income taxes that would be incurred if the Company would repatriate earnings of its foreign subsidiaries. The Company recognizes tax benefits only for tax positions that are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than percent likely to be realized upon settlement. Unrecognized tax benefits are tax benefits claimed in the Company s tax returns that do not meet these recognition and measurement standards. 

 47 

Work in process 

Finished goods and purchased parts 

Total inventory value before LIFO adjustment 

Less adjustment to LIFO value 

() 

() 

Inventories, net 

Of the million and million of inventories at August 31, 2024, and 2023 , respectively, million and million, respectively was valued on the last-in, first-out ("LIFO") basis, and million and million, respectively was valued on first-in, first-out ("FIFO") or average cost methods. 

Buildings 

Machinery and equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Computer hardware and software 

Construction in progress 

Total operating property, plant, and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Total operating property, plant, and equipment, net 

Property held for lease: 

Machines 

Barriers 

Total property held for lease 

Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Total property held for lease, net 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense was million, million, and million for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 , respectively. 

48 

Acquisition of FieldWise 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance as of August 31, 2023 

FieldWise purchase accounting adjustments 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

Balance as of August 31, 2024 

() 

() 

Customer relationships 

() 

() 

Indefinite lived intangible assets: 

Tradenames 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Total 

() 

() 

Amortization expense for amortizable intangible assets was million, million, and million for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

The Company updated its impairment evaluation of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives at August 31, 2024 . impairment losses were indicated as a result of the annual impairment testing for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 . 

 49 

Contract liabilities 

Warranties 

Dealer related liabilities 

Tax related liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Deferred revenue - lease 

Accrued insurance 

Accrued environmental liabilities 

Other 

Total other current liabilities 

million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured Senior Notes, Series A (the Senior Notes ). The entire principal of the Senior Notes is due and payable on . Interest on the Senior Notes is payable semi-annually at a fixed annual rate of percent and borrowings under the Senior Notes are unsecured. The Company used the proceeds of the sale of the Senior Notes for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions and dividends. Revolving Credit Facility . The Company has outstanding a million unsecured Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility (the Revolving Credit Facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Wells Fargo expiring . The Company intends to use borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility for working capital purposes and to fund future acquisitions. At August 31, 2024 and 2023 , the Company had outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. The amount of borrowings available at any time under the Revolving Credit Facility is reduced by the amount of standby letters of credit issued by Wells Fargo then outstanding. At August 31, 2024 , the Company had the ability to borrow up to million under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility may be increased by up to an additional million at any time, subject to additional commitment approval. The Revolving Credit Facility was amended in 2021, which changed the benchmark rate from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a variable rate equal to the SOFR plus a margin of between and basis points depending on the Company s leverage ratio then in effect (which resulted in a variable rate of percent at August 31, 2024 ), subject to adjustment as set forth in the loan documents for the Revolving Credit Facility. Interest is paid on a monthly to quarterly basis depending on loan type. The Company currently pays an annual commitment fee on the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility. The fee is between percent and percent percent at August 31, 2024) on the unused balance depending on the Company s leverage ratio then in effect. 

 50 

million in principal amount of industrial revenue bonds that were issued in 2006 (the Series 2006A Bonds ). Principal and interest on the Series 2006A Bonds are payable monthly through maturity on . The interest rate is adjustable every five years based on the yield of the United States Treasury Notes, plus percent percent as of August 31, 2024 through maturity). The obligations under the Series 2006A Bonds are secured by a first priority security interest in certain real estate. 

Elecsys Series 2006A Bonds 

Total debt 

Less current portion 

() 

() 

Less debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total long-term debt 

2 years 

3 years 

Thereafter 

t recognize any expense for such leases during the twelve months ended August 31, 2024 and 2023. Many of the Company s leases contain renewal or extension options. The Company includes all renewal or extension periods that it is reasonably certain to exercise at lease commencement within the measurement of the ROU asset and lease liability. 

 51 

Variable lease cost (cost excluded from lease payments) 

Total lease cost 

Operating cash outflows from operating leases 

Weighted average lease term - operating leases 
 
 years 

years 

Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 

Operating lease short-term liabilities 
 
 Other current liabilities 

Operating lease long-term liabilities 
 
 Operating lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

52 

Marketable securities: 

Corporate bonds 

U.S. treasury securities 

Derivative asset 

Derivative liability 

() 

() 

August 31, 2023 

in thousands) 
 
 Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities: 

Corporate bonds 

U.S. treasury securities 

Derivative asset 

Derivative liability 

() 

() 

The carrying value of long-term debt (including current portion) was million and million at August 31, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. The fair value of this debt was estimated to be million and million as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, based on current market rates as of the respective year-ends. The Company enters into derivative instrument agreements, to manage risk in connection with changes in foreign currency. The Company only enters into derivative instrument agreements with counterparties who have highly rated credit and does not enter into derivative instrument agreements for trading or speculative purposes. The fair values are based on inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability and are determined by standard calculations and models that use readily observable market parameters. These inputs include foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Industry standard data providers are the primary source for forward and spot rate information for both interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. The Company has entered into various cross currency swaps that mature between the second quarter of fiscal 2026 and the third quarter of fiscal 2027 with a total notional amount of million, or million. The Company elected the spot method for designating these swaps as net investment hedges. Changes in the fair value of these contracts are reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss on the consolidated balance sheets and the fair value of these contracts is recorded within other noncurrent assets and other noncurrent liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of these contracts as of August 31, 2024, is included in the table above as either derivative assets or derivative liabilities. During fiscal 2024, the Company settled foreign currency forward contracts resulting in a net loss of million which were recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings. At August 31, 2024 t he Company had an outstanding foreign currency forward contract to sell a notional amount of million South African rand at fixed prices to settle during the next fiscal quarter. The Company s foreign currency forward contracts do not qualify as hedges of a net investment in foreign operations. 

 53 

54 

million is based on consideration of remediation options which the Company believes could be successful in meeting the long-term regulatory requirements of the site. The Company submitted a revised remedial alternatives evaluation report to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA and the Nebraska Department of Environment and Energy (the NDEE in August 2020 to review remediation alternatives and proposed plans for the site. While the proposed remediation plan is preliminary and has not been approved by the EPA or the NDEE, they approved an in situ thermal remediation pilot study that was conducted by the Company at a specific location on the site. The Company completed the pilot program in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. A final report was submitted to the EPA and NDEE for review in November 2023. The Company continues to work with the EPA and the NDEE on finalizing the proposed remediation plans for the site. Of the total liability as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 , million was calculated on a discounted basis using a discount rate of percent, which represents a risk-free rate. This discounted portion of the liability amounts to mil lion on an undiscounted basis at August 31, 2024 and 2023. The Company accrues the anticipated cost of investigation and remediation when the obligation is probable and can be reasonably estimated. While the plan has not been formally approved by the EPA, the Company believes the current accrual is a good faith estimate of the long-term cost of remediation at this site; however, the estimate of costs and their timing could change as a result of a number of factors, including but not limited to (1) EPA input on the proposed remediation plan and any changes which the EPA may subsequently require, (2) refinement of cost estimates and length of time required to complete remediation and post-remediation operations and maintenance, (3) effectiveness of the technology chosen in remediation of the site as well as changes in technology that may be available in the future, and (4) unforeseen circumstances existing at the site. As a result of these factors, the actual amount of costs incurred by the Company in connection with the remediation of contamination of its Lindsay, Nebraska site could exceed the amounts accrued for this expense at this time. While any revisions could be material to the operating results of any fiscal quarter or fiscal year, the Company does not expect such additional expenses would have a material adverse effect on its liquidity or financial condition. 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total environmental remediation liabilities 

million, million, and million for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. A supplementary non qualified, non funded retirement plan for former executives is also maintained. Plan benefits are based on the executive s average total compensation during the highest compensation years of employment. This unfunded supplemental retirement plan is not subject to the minimum funding requirements of ERISA. While the plan is unfunded, the Company has purchased life insurance policies on certain former executives named in this supplemental retirement plan to provide funding for this liability. The cash surrender values of these insurance policies are recorded as other noncurrent assets. 

 55 

Interest cost 

Actuarial loss (gain) 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

Benefit obligation at end of year 

Other non-current liabilities 

Net amount recognized 

() 

For the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 , the Company assumed a discount rate of percent and percent, respectively, for the determination of the liability. The assumptions used to determine benefit obligations and costs are selected based on current and expected market conditions. The discount rate is based on a hypothetical portfolio of long-term corporate bonds with cash flows approximating the timing of expected benefit payments. For the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 , the Company assumed a discount rate of percent, percent, and percent, respectively, for the determination of the net periodic benefit cost. 

Net amortization and deferral 

Total 

The estimated actuarial loss for the supplemental retirement plan that will be amortized, on a pre-tax basis, from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic benefit cost during fiscal 2025 w ill be mi llion. 

 56 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Liabilities accrued for warranties during the period 

Warranty claims paid during the period 

() 

() 

Changes in estimates 

Product warranty accrual balance, end of period 

Warranty costs were million, million, and million for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 , respectively. 

 reportable segments: Irrigation and Infrastructure. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in Note 1 Description of Business and Significant Accounting Policies. The Company evaluates the performance of its reportable segments based on segment revenues and operating income, with operating income for segment purposes excluding unallocated corporate general and administrative expenses, interest income, interest expense, other income and expenses, and income taxes. Operating income for segment purposes does include general and administrative expenses, selling expenses, engineering and research expenses and other overhead charges directly attributable to the segment. There are no inter-segment sales included in the amounts disclosed. Irrigation This reporting segment includes the manufacture and marketing of center pivot, lateral move, and hose reel irrigation systems and large diameter steel tubing, as well as various innovative technology solutions such as GPS positioning and guidance, variable rate irrigation, remote irrigation management and scheduling technology, irrigation consulting and design, and industrial internet of things, or "IIoT", solutions. The irrigation reporting segment consists of operating segment. 

 57 

operating segment. The Company has single major customer representing percent or more of its total revenues during fiscal 2024, 2023, or 2022. Summarized financial information concerning the Company s reportable segments is shown in the following tables: 

International 

Irrigation total 

Infrastructure 

Total operating revenues 

Operating income: 

Irrigation 

Infrastructure 

Corporate 

() 

() 

() 

Total operating income 

Total other income (expense) 

() 

() 

Earnings before income taxes 

Total capital expenditures: 

Irrigation 

Infrastructure 

Corporate 

Depreciation and amortization: 

Irrigation 

Infrastructure 

Corporate 

Summarized financial information concerning the Company s geographical areas is shown in the following tables. 

International 

Total revenues 

For the years ended August 31, 

in thousands) 
 
 2024 

2023 

2022 

Long-lived tangible assets 

of total 

Long-lived tangible assets 

of total 

Long-lived tangible assets 

of total 

United States 

International 

Total long-lived assets 

58 

, and replaced the Company s 2010 Long Term Incentive Plan. At August 31, 2024, all outstanding awards were granted under the 2015 Plan. The 2015 Plan provides for awards of stock options, restricted shares, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance shares and performance stock units to employees and non-employee directors of the Company. The maximum number of shares as to which stock awards may be granted under the 2015 Plan is shares, exclusive of any forfeitures from the 2010 Long-Term Incentive Plan. At August 31, 2024, shares of common stock (including forfeitures from prior plans) remained available for issuance under the 2015 Plan. All stock awards will be counted against the 2015 Plan in a 1 to ratio. The 2015 Plan also limits the total awards that may be made to any individual. Share-Based Compensation Information 

Engineering and research 

Selling 

General and administrative 

Share-based compensation expense included in operating expenses 

Total share-based compensation expense 

Tax benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation expense, net of tax 

As of August 31, 2024, there was million pre-tax of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Stock Options Stock option awards have an exercise price equal to the closing price on the date of grant, expire no later than from the date of grant and vest evenly over a period. The fair value of stock option awards is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

Dividend yield 

Expected life (years) 

Volatility 

Weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted 

The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant; the dividend yield is calculated as the ratio of dividends paid per share of common stock to the stock price on the date of grant; the expected life is 

 59 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited/cancelled 

() 

Stock options outstanding at August 31, 2024 

Stock options exercisable at August 31, 2024 

There were , , and outstanding stock options that vested during fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 , respectively. 

Cash received from stock option exercises 

Tax benefit realized from stock option exercises 

Weighted average grant-date fair value of stock options vested 

Restricted stock units The restricted stock units have a grant date fair value equal to the fair market value of the underlying stock on the grant date less present value of expected dividends. The restricted stock units granted to employees vest ratably over a period. The restricted stock units granted to non-employee directors generally vest over a period. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited / Cancelled 

() 

Restricted stock units outstanding at August 31, 2024 

60 

, , and units, respectively, that will be settled in cash. The fair value of restricted stock units that vested during the period was million and million for each of the years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. Share issuances are presented net of share repurchases to cover payroll taxes of million, million, and million for each of the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Performance stock units The performance stock units have a grant-date fair value equal to the fair market value of the underlying stock on the grant date less present value of expected dividends. The performance stock units granted to employees cliff vest after a period and a specified number of shares of common stock will be awarded under the terms of the performance stock units, if performance measures relating to revenue growth and a return on net assets are achieved. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited / cancelled 

() 

Performance stock units outstanding at August 31, 2024 

Performance stock units outstanding as of August 31, 2024 and issued during fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 include performance goals based on a return on invested capital and total shareholder return ("TSR") relative to the Company s peers during the performance period. The awards actually earned will range from to hundred percent of the targeted number of performance stock units and will be paid in shares of common stock. Shares earned will be distributed upon vesting on the first day of November following the end of the three-year performance period. For the return on invested capital portion of the award, the Company is accruing compensation expense based on the estimated number of shares expected to be issued utilizing the most current information available to the Company at the date of the financial statements. For the TSR portion of the award, compensation expense is recorded ratably over the term of the award based on the estimated grant date fair value. In fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 performance stock units that vested represented , , and respectively, of actual shares of common stock issued. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Volatility 

Dividend yield 

million of common stock with no expiration date. Under the program, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions as well as under formalized trading plans in accordance with the guidelines specified under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company s share repurchases in excess of issuances are subject to a excise tax enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act. During the year ended August 31, 2024 , the Company repurchased thousand shares of its common stock under the program in open market transactions for million, including excise taxes of million. There were 

 61 

million of the authorization remained available for future share repurchases. 

62 

ITEM 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 ITEM 9A Control s and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that are filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and to ensure the information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including principal executives and financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. The Company s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 
 Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on the criteria for effective internal control described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its assessment, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of August 31, 2024. 
 
 The Audit Committee has engaged KPMG LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, to attest to and report on management s evaluation of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The report of KPMG LLP is included herein. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended August 31, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 63 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors Lindsay Corporation: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Lindsay Corporation and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended August 31, 2024, and the related notes and financial statement schedule (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated October 24, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management`s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

Omaha, Nebraska October 24, 2024 
 64 

ITEM 9B Othe r Information 
 . 
 
 ITEM 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 65 

PART III 
 ITEM 10 Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance 
 The Company will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission a definitive Proxy Statement for its upcoming Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement not later than 120 days after the close of its fiscal year ended August 31, 2024. Information about the Board of Directors required by this Item 10 is incorporated by reference to the discussion responsive thereto under the captions Board of Directors and Committees and Corporate Governance in the Proxy Statement. 
 Please see the information concerning our executive officers contained in Item 1 of Part I herein under the caption Information About Our Executive Officers which is included therein in accordance with the Instruction to Item 401 of Regulation S-K. 
 Code of Ethics The Company has adopted a code of ethics applicable to the Company s principal executive officer and senior financial officers known as the Code of Ethical Conduct (Principal Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers). The Code of Ethical Conduct (Principal Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers) is available on the Company s website. In the event that the Company amends or waives any of the provisions of the Code of Ethical Conduct applicable to the principal executive officer and senior financial officers, the Company intends to disclose the same on the Company s website at www.lindsay.com . No waivers were provided for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024. 
 Insider Trading The Company has adopted a Policy Concerning Restrictions on Insider Trading that governs the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of the Company's securities by directors, officers, and employees that is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations, and any listing standards applicable to the Company. A copy of the Company's Policy Concerning Restrictions on Insider Trading is filed as Exhibit 19 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 11 Executi ve Compensation 
 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the discussion responsive thereto under the captions Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Committee Report, Pay Ratio Information, Executive Compensation, Compensation of Directors, and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in the Proxy Statement. 
 ITEM 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this Item 12 relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference to the discussion responsive thereto under the caption Voting Securities and Beneficial Ownership Thereof by Principal Stockholders, Directors and Officers in the Proxy Statement. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information - The following equity compensation plan information summarizes plans and securities approved by security holders as of August 31, 2024 (there were no equity compensation plans not approved by security holders as of August 31, 2024): 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Plan category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants, and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants, and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) (2) 

236,437 

117.44 

152,646 

Total 

236,437 

117.44 

152,646 

(1) Plans approved by stockholders include the Company s 2010 and 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plans. While certain share-based awards remain outstanding under the Company s 2010 Long-Term Incentive Plan, no future equity compensation awards may be granted under such plan. 

(2) Column (a) includes (i) 46,422 shares that could be issued under performance stock units PSU outstanding at August 31, 2024, and (ii) 47,839 shares that could be issued under restricted stock units RSU outstanding at August 31, 2024. The PSUs are earned and Common Stock issued if certain predetermined performance criteria are met. Actual shares issued may be equal to, less than or greater than (but not more than 200 percent of) the number of outstanding PSUs included in column (a), depending on actual performance. The RSUs vest and are 

66 

payable in Common Stock after the expiration of the time periods set forth in the related agreements. Column (b) does not take these PSU and RSU awards into account because they do not have an exercise price. 

ITEM 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the discussion responsive thereto under the captions Corporate Governance and Related Party Transactions in the Proxy Statement. 
 ITEM 14 Principal Accou nting Fees and Services 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is KPMG LLP, Omaha, Nebraska, Auditor Firm ID: . The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the discussion responsive thereto under the caption Proposal 2 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Proxy Statement. 
 67 

PA RT IV 
 ITE M 15 Exhibit and Financ ial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements. 
 The following financial statements of Lindsay Corporation and Subsidiaries are included in Part II Item 8. 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31 

Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 
 33 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 
 34 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2024 and 2023 
 35 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 
 36 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 
 37 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 38 - 61 

Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 
 69 

Financial statements and schedules other than those listed are omitted for the reason that they are not required, are not applicable or that equivalent information has been included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 68 

Deferred tax asset valuation allowance (2) 

Year ended August 31, 2023: 

Deducted in the balance sheet from the 

assets to which they apply: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts (1) 

() 

Deferred tax asset valuation allowance (2) 

() 

Year ended August 31, 2022: 

Deducted in the balance sheet from the 

assets to which they apply: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts (1) 

Deferred tax asset valuation allowance (2) 

(1) Deductions consist of uncollectible items reserved, less recoveries of items previously reserved. 

 (2) Additions and deductions consist of changes to deferred tax assets not expected to be realized. 

(a)(3) Exhibits. The list of the Exhibits in the Exhibit Index is incorporated into this item by reference. 
 (b) See Exhibit Index below. 
 
 69 

EXHI BIT INDEX 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2006. 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated By Laws of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2023. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Form of Common Stock Certificate incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 30, 2006. 

4.2 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019. 

10.1 
 
 Lindsay Corporation 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan and forms of award agreements, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 30, 2015. 

10.2 
 
 First Amendment to Lindsay Corporation 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 30, 2022. 

10.3 
 
 Lindsay Corporation Management Incentive Plan (MIP), 2024 Plan Year, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 30, 2023. 

10.4 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and its Officers and Directors, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2018. 

10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated February 18, 2015, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 20, 2015. 

10.6 
 
 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated February 28, 2017, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2017. 

10.7 
 
 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated May 31, 2019, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2019. 

10.8 
 
 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated August 26, 2021, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 31, 2021. 

10.9 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Line of Credit Note, dated August 26, 2021, by the Company in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 31, 2021. 

10.10 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2015, by and among the Company and the purchasers named therein, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 20, 2015. 

10.11 
 
 First Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement, dated May 31, 2019, by and among the Company and the noteholders named therein, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2019. 

10.12 
 
 Lindsay Corporation Policy on Payment of Directors Fees and Expenses, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 30, 2023. 

10.13 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 17, 2020 between the Company and Randy A. Wood, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020. 

10.14 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated November 9, 2020, between the Company and Randy A. Wood, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2020. 

10.15 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 5, 2016, between the Company and Brian L. Ketcham, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2016. 

70 

10.16 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated May 25, 2018, between the Company and J. Scott Marion, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended May 31, 2018. 

10.17 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 17, 2020, between the Company and Gustavo E. Oberto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020. 

10.18 
 
 Lindsay Corporation Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 3, 2022. 

10.19 
 
 Lindsay Corporation Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan Adoption Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 3, 2022. 

10.20 
 
 Lindsay Corporation Directors Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 30, 2023. 

19 
 
 Lindsay Corporation Policy Concerning Restrictions on Insider Trading 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 

23 
 
 Consent of KPMG LLP 

24 
 
 The Power of Attorney authorizing Randy A. Wood to sign the Annual Report on Form 10 K for fiscal 2024 on behalf of non-management directors. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101 
 
 Interactive Data Files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language ("Inline XBRL"). 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit hereto pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 
 Filed herein. 
 Certain confidential portions of this Exhibit were omitted by means of marking such portions with brackets and asterisks because the identified confidential portions (i) are not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 
 ITEM 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 71 

SIG NATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on this 24 th day of October, 2024. 

LINDSAY CORPORATION 

By: 
 
 /s/ BRIAN L. KETCHAM 

Name: 
 
 Brian L. Ketcham 

Title: 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on this 24 th day of October, 2024. 

/s/ RANDY A. WOOD 

Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Randy A. Wood 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ BRIAN L. KETCHAM 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Brian L. Ketcham 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ ROBERT E. BRUNNER 
 (1) 
 
 Chairperson of the Board of Directors 

Robert E. Brunner 

/s/ Michael N. Christodolou 
 (1) 
 
 Director 

Michael N. Christodolou 

/s/ PABLO DI SI 
 (1) 
 
 Director 

Pablo Di Si 

/s/ IBRAHIM GOKCEN 
 (1) 
 
 Director 

Ibrahim Gokcen 

/s/ MARY A. LINDSEY 
 (1) 
 
 Director 

Mary A. Lindsey 

/s/ CONSUELO E. MADERE 
 (1) 
 
 Director 

Consuelo E. Madere 

/s/ DAVID B. Rayburn 
 (1) 
 
 Director 

David B. Rayburn 

(1) By: /s/ Randy A. Wood 

Randy A. Wood, Attorney In Fact 

72 

<EX-19>
 2
 lnn-ex19.htm
 EX-19

EX-19 

EXHIBIT 19 
 
 LINDSAY CORPORATION 
 POLICY CONCERNING RESTRICTIONS ON INSIDER TRADING 
 
 I.	Scope 
 
 This policy is applicable and extends coverage to all Lindsay Corporation employees, including all subsidiaries. 
 
 II.	Purpose 
 	 
 To establish guidelines for all employees concerning insider trading. 
 
 III.	Policy 
 
 The Basics 
 
 It is illegal for any person, either personally or on behalf of others, to trade in securities of the Company or any other company on the basis of material, non-public information . It is also illegal to communicate (to tip material, non-public information to others so that they may trade in securities on the basis of that information, even if the tipping person does not benefit from the outcome of the others trading. 
 
 Trade includes any and all transactions involving the purchase, sale, or gifting of Company stock, exercise of Company options and warrants, puts, calls and other Company securities. 
 
 Material information is the kind of information a reasonable investor would take into consideration when deciding whether to trade in a security (e.g., buy or sell Company stock, exercise Company options). Some examples of information about a company that may be material include, but are not limited to: 
 
 Earnings prior to public release 

A proposed acquisition or sale of a business 

A significant expansion or cutback of operations 

A significant product development or important information about a product 

A significant management or business development 

Changes in strategic direction such as entering new markets 

Non-public information is the kind of information that has not been broadly disseminated to the marketplace (such as via a Company press release or a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC )) and that the investing public has not had time to fully absorb. 

These illegal activities are commonly referred to as insider trading. Penalties for insider trading violations include civil and criminal fines and imprisonment, as well as disciplinary action by the Company. There may also be liability to those damaged by the trading. A company whose employee violates the insider trading prohibitions may also be liable for civil fines under certain circumstances. 
 
 The Company s policy, applicable to all personnel, prohibits trading and tipping others to trade, when any individual possesses material, non-public information. The disclosure of material, non-public information to others can lead to significant legal difficulties as noted above and material non-public information should not be discussed with anyone, except as required in the performance of an individual s regular duties. Further, watch out for requests from friends or family for information about companies with which the Company does business or about which the Company possesses confidential information, as even casual conversations could be viewed as illegal tipping of inside information. 
 
 Pre-Clearance and Trading Window Policies 
 
 IT IS THE POLICY OF THE COMPANY, AS ESTABLISHED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS, THAT ANY DIRECTOR OR OTHER INSIDER PLANNING A PURCHASE, SALE, OR OTHER TRADE OF ANY PUBLICLY TRADED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY SHOULD DISCUSS ANY PROPOSED TRANSACTION WITH THE COMPANY S GENERAL COUNSEL OR, IN HIS OR HER ABSENCE, THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, PRIOR TO ENTERING INTO THE TRANSACTION. 
 
 The following window policy applies solely to directors and the positions identified as Insiders in Section IV below, as well as any other employees that may have insider information. Trading in Company stock should not be conducted by any director or Insider (or any other person with knowledge of the Company similar to that of a director or Insider) outside of an allowed window. The timing of this allowed window opens the morning of the second (2 nd business day following each quarter s earnings release and closes on the night of the 16 th day of the last month of the quarter. For this purpose, a preliminary earnings statement given by the Company will generally be considered a full release. This policy provides four windows during which a director or Insider (or any other person with knowledge of the Company similar to that of a director or Insider) is allowed to enter into transactions involving the Company s Common Stock, so long as they are not in possession of material non-public information and provided they first discuss the transaction as provided above. 
 
 The window and preclearance policies and procedures herein shall not apply to (i) the exercise (without a sale) of stock options under the Company s equity incentive plans, or (ii) transactions made pursuant to a blind trust or other arrangement or plan to trade securities under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that has been submitted to, and acknowledged in writing by, the Company s General Counsel. 

2 

Hedge and Pledge Transactions 
 
 Directors and Insiders are prohibited from pledging Company securities as collateral for any outstanding obligation. Also prohibited is trading in derivative securities of Company securities, engaging in short sales of Company securities, or purchasing any other financial instruments (including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds) that are designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of Company securities. 
 
 IV.	Pre-Clearance and Trading Window Procedures 
 	 
 Due to their routine access to a significant amount of material, non-public information, employees holding the positions listed below are considered Insiders . Insiders are allowed to trade in publicly traded securities of the Company only at times permitted by the Company s window policy. These windows open on the morning of the second (2nd) business day following the Company s quarterly earnings release and close on the night of the 16th day of the last month of the quarter. Because the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Program has short enrollment periods that may occasionally fall outside of a permitted window period, Insiders may make participation or contribution elections in the Employee Stock Purchase Program during an otherwise-prohibited period. This exception applies only if the short enrollment period coincides with an otherwise-prohibited period, and the Insider is not in possession of material, non-public information at the time. 
 Additionally, Insiders are required to discuss any proposed purchase or sale of any publicly traded securities of the Company with the Company s General Counsel, or in his or her absence, the Chief Financial Officer. From time to time, pending events may require that an Insider s proposed transaction involving the Company s securities be postponed. 
 
 Positions considered Insiders : 
 o All elected and appointed officers and their administrative assistants 

o All members of the Global Management Team GMT 

o All business unit managing directors and general managers 

o All division and business unit controllers 

o All corporate accounting, finance, corporate development, and legal staff 

3 

</EX-19>

<EX-21>
 3
 lnn-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

EXHIBIT 21 
 Subsidiaries of Lindsay Corporation 

Ownership Percentage 

Lindsay Sales Holding Co., LLC Nebraska 
 
 100 

Lindsay Irrigation Solutions, LLC Nebraska 
 
 100 

FieldWise, LLC Texas 
 
 100 

Lindsay Transportation Solutions, LLC California 
 
 100 

Safe Technologies, LLC California 
 
 100 

Elecsys Holdings, LLC Kansas 
 
 100 

Elecsys International, LLC Kansas 
 
 100 

Lindsay International Holdings B.V. Netherlands 
 
 100 

Lindsay America do Sul Ltda. Brazil 
 
 100 

Lindsay Europe SAS France 
 
 100 

Lindsay International (ANZ) Pty Ltd Australia 
 
 100 

Lindsay International Development Company, B.V. Netherlands 
 
 100 

Lindsay Sulama ve Altyap Sanayi ve Ticarct A.S. Turkey 
 
 100 

Lindsay Manufacturing Africa (PTY) Ltd South Africa 
 
 100 

Lindsay (Tianjin) Industry Co., Ltd. China 
 
 100 

Lindsay (Tianjin) Trading Co., Ltd. China 
 
 100 

Snoline S.p.A. Italy 
 
 100 

Lindsay International (RUS) Limited Liability Company Russia 
 
 100 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 lnn-ex23.htm
 EX-23

EX-23 

EXHIBIT 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-166778, No. 333-204621, No. 333-252296) on Form S-8 of our reports dated October 24, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Lindsay Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Omaha, Nebraska October 24, 2024 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 5
 lnn-ex24.htm
 EX-24

EX-24 

EXHIBIT 24 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned, being a director of Lindsay Corporation (the Company ), hereby appoints Randy A. Wood as his or her agent and attorney-in-fact for the purpose of executing and filing all reports on Form 10-K relating to the year ending August 31, 2024, and any amendments thereto, required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the Company. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date Signed 

/s/ ROBERT E. BRUNNER 
 
 Chairperson of Board 
 
 October 24, 2024 

Robert E. Brunner 

/s/ MICHAEL N. CHRISTODOLOU 
 
 Director 
 
 October 24, 2024 

Michael N. Christodolou 

/s/ PABLO DI SI 
 
 Director 
 
 October 24, 2024 

Pablo Di Si 

/s/ IBRAHIM GOKCEN 
 
 Director 
 
 October 24, 2024 

Ibrahim Gokcen 

/s/ MARY A. LINDSEY 
 
 Director 
 
 October 24, 2024 

Mary A. Lindsey 

/s/ CONSUELO E. MADERE 
 
 Director 
 
 October 24, 2024 

Consuelo E. Madere 

/s/ DAVID B. RAYBURN 
 
 Director 
 
 October 24, 2024 

David B. Rayburn 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 lnn-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Randy A. Wood, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lindsay Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Randy A. Wood 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Randy A. Wood 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

October 24, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 lnn-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Brian L. Ketcham, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lindsay Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ BRIAN L. KETCHAM 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Brian L. Ketcham 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

October 24, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 lnn-ex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32 
 CERTIFICATION 
 In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report of Lindsay Corporation (the Company for the year ended August 31, 2024, I, Randy A. Wood, Chief Executive Officer of the Company and I, Brian L. Ketcham, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that: 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s / Randy A. Wood 

Randy A. Wood 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s / BRIAN L. KETCHAM 

Brian L. Ketcham 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

October 24, 2024 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 lnn-20240831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA WITH EMBEDDED LINKBASES DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

