<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241230_10-K_edgar_data_1999261_0001999261-24-000020.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1599997</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>61632</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>536404</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>265537</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>299050</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>411933</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001999261-24-000020.hdr.sgml : 20241230
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241230153540
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001999261-24-000020
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241230
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241230

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			StageWise Strategies Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001999261
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				612108075
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-275731
		FILM NUMBER:		241589490

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FRIEDRICHSTR. 114A
		CITY:			BERLIN
		STATE:			2M
		ZIP:			10117
		BUSINESS PHONE:		14133076199

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FRIEDRICHSTR. 114A
		CITY:			BERLIN
		STATE:			2M
		ZIP:			10117

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001999261-24-000020.txt : 20241230

10-K
 1
 stagewise10k_2024.htm
 REPORT 10-K

UNITED STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

Annual Report pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 For the fiscal year
ended 

Transition Report
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 For the transition period
from __________ to __________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 
 7311 
 (Primary Standard Industrial Classification
 Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification Number) 

, , , 

 + - ,
office@stagewise.net 

(Address, including
zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

 Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Common Stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 [X] 
No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

 Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated Filer 
 [ ] 
 Accelerated Filer 
 [ ] 

[X ] 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes [] [X] 

As of September 30, 2024, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed fiscal year, the aggregate market value
of the registrant s outstanding common shares held by non-affiliates was approximately . 

State the number of shares
outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: common shares issued
and outstanding as of December 30, 2024. 

2 

STAGEWISE STRATEGIES
CORP. 

 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM
10-K 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 PAGE 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business. 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 6 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 9 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 10 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 10 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 10 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 10 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 10 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 10 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 13 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 13 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 13 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 13 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 15 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 15 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 15 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 16 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 16 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 17 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 17 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 18 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 18 

3 

PART
I 

 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

 Business Overview 

 Unless the context otherwise requires, throughout
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the words StageWise Strategies, we, us, or the Company 
refer to StageWise Strategies Corp. (as applicable). 

 We are committed to providing Search Engine Optimization SEO solutions to emerging entrepreneurs. Our platform provides a keyword research tool to identify and select keywords
relevant to a business or website. Through keyword analysis and website optimization, we boost search engine rankings, driving more organic
traffic and expanding product and service reach. 

 Our service is designed to provide entrepreneurs with
an enhanced approach to website promotion. We offer 15 complimentary queries, for a firsthand experience. We present three monthly subscription
plans: Basic, Standard, and Premium, each with expanding functionality and request allowances. These subscriptions enable clients to elevate
their website promotion efforts to align with their specific needs and ambitions. 

 Our subscription-based API tool is tailored to provide
a significantly expanded quota of queries. This enhancement elevates the quality of business development strategies, delivering advantages
for entrepreneurs managing multiple concurrent projects. Users have the capability to export the acquired keywords, facilitating their
utilization in content creation, search engine optimization, contextual advertising, or any other relevant applications. 

 Access to our service is facilitated through the website,
which offers extensive information on our services, pricing structures, and a dedicated contact option for plan selection. 

 Our platform allows entrepreneurs to maintain a comprehensive
focus on all their projects, regardless of their stage, whether they are startups or well-established businesses. With the assistance
of our platform's tips and guidance, entrepreneurs can systematically promote each project, ensuring a high-quality approach every step
of the way. 

Business Model 

 Our business model is designed to serve emerging entrepreneurs
by offering SEO solutions that prioritize boosting online presence through keyword analysis and website optimization. We empower our clients
to attract more organic traffic and expand their product and service reach. Our revenue generation plan includes subscription-based models,
comprising Basic, Standard, and Premium tiers, each offering expanded functionality and request allowances. Entrepreneurs managing multiple
projects can benefit from our subscription-based API tool, which provides a significantly increased quota of queries, enabling them to
elevate the quality of their business development strategies. Additionally, we offer a keyword research tool, allowing users to access
15 keywords and a comprehensive business description with a single request. This tool serves entrepreneurs, particularly those managing
multiple projects, by facilitating tasks such as content creation, search engine optimization, contextual advertising, and can be accessed
through our website. Our channels of engagement primarily involve online access to our website, where clients can select subscription
plans and download our program to access and make use of our services. 

4 

Our Competitive Strengths: 

Keyword Analysis and Optimization: We specialize in identifying and utilizing relevant keywords
to optimize websites for improved search engine performance. 

 Strategic Online Promotion: Our service delivers a methodical approach to online promotion,
recognizing the significance of a robust online presence for entrepreneurial success. 

 Complimentary Queries: We provide a complimentary allocation of 15 queries, allowing
users to sample our service by uncovering valuable keywords and receiving guidance within this limit. 

Subscription Plans: We present three subscription tiers - Basic, Standard, and Premium - each
offering progressively advanced functionality and query allowances to cater to varying client needs. 

 Expanding Database: Our service features an expanding database containing comprehensive
information on business promotion and diverse project execution scenarios, aiding informed decision-making. 

 API Tool: For users handling multiple projects concurrently, our subscription-based
API tool offers an expanded query quota, enabling advanced business development strategies and keyword export for various applications. 

 User-Friendly Platform: Our service is easily accessible through our website, where
users can find detailed information on services, pricing plans, and an intuitive interface for plan selection. 

 Holistic Project Management: Entrepreneurs, whether startups or established businesses,
can benefit from our platform's guidance and tools for systematic project promotion. 

Effect of General Economic Conditions on our Business 

 The state of the general economy significantly
affects our SEO business. During economic recoveries and stable periods, entrepreneurs are more willing to invest in enhancing their online
presence. A strong economy makes it easier for them to justify this investment, resulting in increased demand for our SEO services. In
contrast, economic downturns may lead to reduced demand as businesses tighten their budgets. Therefore, the economic environment plays
a pivotal role in determining the demand for our services. 

Regulation 

Our operations are subject to a range of
federal, state, and international laws and regulations governing online and mobile platform businesses. These regulations encompass
areas such as privacy, user data protection (including data collection from minors), online and mobile content, advertising,
marketing activities, and anti-corruption measures. 

5 

We are committed to full compliance with all
applicable laws and regulations that govern our industry. As such, we are determined to obey any regulation that we are subject to, striving
to ensure the highest standards of ethics, user privacy, and data protection. We also acknowledge the dynamic nature of the regulatory
landscape in the online and mobile platform sector. 

 As we operate in a relatively new industry
where clear guidance is not available for the interpretation and application of existing laws and regulations, these laws and regulations
are constantly evolving and may be interpreted, applied, created, superseded, or amended in a manner that could harm our business. These
changes may occur immediately or develop over time through judicial decisions or as new guidance or interpretations are provided by regulatory
and governing bodies, such as federal, state, and local administrative agencies. As we expand our business into new markets or introduce
new features, fulfillment methods, or offerings into existing markets, regulatory bodies or courts may claim that we are subject to additional
requirements, or that we are prohibited from conducting business in certain jurisdictions. 

Employees 

 StageWise Strategies is a company with only
two employees, Yuliia Zaporozhan serving as President, Director, and Secretary, and Victor Balan in the position of Director and Treasurer.
The company may consider hiring more employees if the need arises. 

Corporate organization 

 StageWise Strategies is a Nevada corporation
organized in 2023 with its principal office located at Friedrichstr. 114A, 10117, Berlin, Germany. Our telephone number is (413) 307-6199. 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 

 As
a Smaller Reporting Company, the company is not required to include the disclosure under this Item 1A. Risk Factors. Despite the fact
that we are not required to provide risk factors, we consider the following factors to be risks to our continued growth and development: 

 StageWise Strategies operates in a dynamic and
rapidly evolving market, and we cannot guarantee the sustained success of our business or the execution of our business plan. 

 Our strategic approach and solutions are
part of a continuously evolving landscape, and the markets in which we operate, specifically in the Online Marketing or Digital
Advertising industry, are subject to rapid change. Consequently, we must assess our prospects in light of the challenges, costs, and
complexities frequently encountered by emerging companies in such swiftly evolving markets. We may encounter obstacles in achieving
the following objectives, which could significantly impact our ability to implement our business plan: 

 -Establishing and maintaining broad market
acceptance of our strategies and solutions, and effectively converting this acceptance into both direct and indirect sources of revenue. 

 -Ensuring the adoption of our strategies and solutions
across various environments, experiences, and device types. 

6 

-Timely and successfully developing new strategies
and solutions, while continuously enhancing the functionality and features of our existing offerings. 

 -Developing strategies and solutions
that result in high customer satisfaction and substantial end-customer usage, particularly in the realm of Online Marketing or Digital
Advertising. 

 -Effectively addressing competition, including
competition from emerging technologies and alternative solutions within the Online Marketing or Digital Advertising sector. 

 -Cultivating and sustaining strategic relationships
to enhance the distribution, features, content, and utility of our strategies and solutions. 

 Our business strategy may encounter challenges,
and we may struggle to address these risks in a cost-effective manner, if at all. In the event that we are unable to achieve these objectives
successfully, it could have adverse consequences for our business. 

 StageWise Strategies may face challenges
in executing its business plan if it cannot secure adequate capital and may be compelled to incur high capital costs. 

To effectively implement our business plan and fulfill
our financial commitments as they arise, we will require additional capital. The ability to obtain the necessary additional capital may
be uncertain, and we may be obligated to pay elevated costs for such capital. Various factors may influence the availability and pricing
of capital, including: 

General market conditions affecting the accessibility and expense of capital. 

Our financial performance and results. 

The level of interest, or lack thereof, from the market in our industry and business strategy. 

Our sustained success or challenges in executing our business plan. 

The magnitude of our capital requirements. 

Should we fail to secure adequate capital, we may
encounter difficulties in meeting our current and future financial obligations and may be unable to fully leverage existing or potential
opportunities. Prolonged inability to access capital could even necessitate the suspension of our operations. 

 Yulia Zaporozhan is a related party with
whom the Company entered into transactions between July 3, 2023 (inception) and September 30, 2024 under the Loan Agreement dated
July 4, 2023 for 90,000 and the Amendment to Loan Agreement dated July 15, 2024, which increased the loan amount to 150,000. We
intend to utilize this agreement as a source of working capital, enabling the execution of essential business operations. 

 StageWise Strategies encounters challenges
related to the prolonged evaluation and sales cycles inherent in its business, particularly during economic downturns that impact our
customers' operations. These extended and unpredictable sales cycles pose difficulties in forecasting our operational outcomes. 

 Forecasting the timing and recognition of revenue
from the sale of our strategic solutions may be challenging due to the considerable time prospective customers may require to evaluate
our product before committing to a purchase. 

7 

Our market, encompassing strategic solutions
and services, is marked by rapid and continuous technological advancements and market volatility. 

 The market for our strategic solutions and services
is characterized by ongoing technological advancements and market fluctuations. Changes in technology, shifting industry standards, evolving
customer preferences, and competitive pressures require us to innovate promptly and efficiently. Failing to adapt our solutions to these
swift changes could hinder our ability to acquire and retain market share. 

 The dynamic technological evolution and market
fluctuations in the Online Marketing and Digital Advertising industry pose additional risks. Changes in search engine algorithms, advertising
platforms, or user behaviors can impact the effectiveness of our SEO services. Adapting to these rapid changes is essential for maintaining
a competitive edge and delivering effective services. However, there is no guarantee that our adaptations will gain market acceptance
or that we will successfully innovate in a cost-effective and timely manner. 

 It is challenging to predict the precise financial
resources needed to fully execute our business plan, and these requirements may surpass any estimates we have provided. These circumstances
give rise to doubts about our ability to remain operational. In the event that we are unable to secure adequate capital when necessary,
we may rely on a loan from our director, Yuliia Zaporozhan, under the Loan Agreement dated July 4, 2023 for 90,000, as amended on July
15, 2024, to increase the loan amount to 150,000. 

We face competition from companies with more
extensive resources, which places us in a competitive disadvantage. 

Our industry, centered around strategic
solutions and services, is characterized by robust competition, and we anticipate an escalation in competitive pressures in the
future. Some of our current or potential competitors, such as SEMrush, Ahrefs, and Moz, possess considerably greater financial,
technical, and marketing capabilities compared to our organization. These established competitors offer a comprehensive suite of SEO
tools, including keyword research, competitor analysis, and website optimization features. SEMrush, for instance, is known for its
extensive keyword database and in-depth analytics, while Ahrefs is widely used for its backlink analysis capabilities. Moz, on the
other hand, is recognized for its domain authority metric and has a strong presence in the SEO community. 

 The competitive advantage of these formidable
competitors may enable them to respond more swiftly to emerging technologies or shifts in customer requirements. Additionally, they may
allocate larger resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their offerings. We expect our competitors to continue enhancing
the performance of their existing solutions and introducing new products, services, and technologies. Successful introductions or improvements
by competitors like SEMrush, Ahrefs, and Moz could potentially lead to reduced sales, diminished market acceptance of our solutions, heightened
price competition, or even the obsolescence of our products. To remain competitive in this dynamic landscape, we must maintain a substantial
commitment to investing in research and development, sales and marketing, and customer support. While we recognize the challenges posed
by companies with more extensive resources, we stay dedicated to providing innovative SEO services that empower entrepreneurs to improve
their online visibility. 

8 

Our capacity to engage in significant
research and development endeavors is constrained due to our financial limitations, potentially obstructing our future growth potential. 

 Given our restricted overall resources, we
have abstained from making substantial investments in research and development activities since our inception. This strategy primarily
aims to preserve short-term capital; however, it may yield enduring implications. 

 Our failure to allocate resources to research
and development jeopardizes our ability to remain competitive in terms of technological advancements and product offerings. Ultimately,
this may have an adverse impact on our revenue growth and impede our journey toward profitability. 

 Our operational continuity is subject to disruptions
stemming from external, uncontrollable events. 

 Our operational performance and financial
results may be adversely impacted by prevailing global market and economic conditions, including ongoing geopolitical instability in various
regions. 

 As a business focused on providing SEO services,
our operations are not immune to the broader influence of the global economy and geopolitical circumstances. Our business remains susceptible
to the influence of general worldwide economic and market circumstances. Deterioration in the U.S. and global economies could result in
unfavorable consequences for our operational outcomes, encompassing potential declines in revenue and operational cash flow. The impact
of these conditions on the business is magnified by the fact that our potential clientele may find it unprofitable to invest in SEO services,
including the utilization of our innovative solutions, keyword analysis, and website optimization, given the economic uncertainties caused
by geopolitical conflicts. They may opt to curtail or entirely cease their acquisition of our products and services, which could result
in reduced demand and diminished revenue streams for our company. 

Our Board of Directors has no
prior experience in managing a public company, which is essential for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
as well as internal control over financial reporting. 

 We have no prior operational history as a public
company. Yuliia Zaporozhan, serving as our President, Secretary, and Director, and Viktor Balan, Treasurer and Director, lack experience
in overseeing a public company's requirements, including the establishment and maintenance of disclosure controls, procedures, and financial
reporting controls. Consequently, there may be challenges in successfully operating as a public company, even if our core operations perform
well. In recognition of these challenges, our intention is to proactively seek and engage experienced professionals to provide guidance
and expertise in managing the responsibilities of a public company. 

 Our intention is to fully adhere to the various
rules and regulations mandated for a reporting company registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

9 

ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

 Not applicable to smaller
reporting companies. 

ITEM 2. Properties 

 Our current office
space is located at Friedrichstr. 114A, 10117, Berlin, Germany. The space is adequate for our needs. 

ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 

 We know of no legal
proceedings to which we are a party or to which any of our property is the subject which are pending, threatened or contemplated or any
unsatisfied judgments against us. 

ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

 Not applicable. 

10 

PART II 

 ITEM 5. Market
for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 Our common stock is not currently traded on
any exchange. We cannot assure that any market for the shares will develop or be sustained. We have not paid any dividends on our common
stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain any earnings to finance the growth of
our business. We cannot assure you that we will ever pay cash dividends. 

 Whether we pay cash dividends in the future
will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements
and any other factors that the Board of Directors decides are relevant. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations. 

 As of September 30,
2024, the company has 4,134,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding held by company s
shareholders. 

ITEM 6. Reserved 

 Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies . 

ITEM 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The following discussion of our financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with (i) our audited financial statement as of September 30, 2024, that appear
elsewhere in this filing. This filing contains certain forward-looking statements and our future operating results could differ materially
from those discussed herein. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may
cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward- looking statements. Given these uncertainties, 

 readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on such forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to update any such factors or to announce publicly the results of any revisions
of the forward -looking statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments. For information regarding risk factors that
could have a material adverse effect on our business, refer to the Risk Factors. 

11 

Going Concern 

 The financial statements have been prepared assuming
that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation
of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

 As reflected in the financial statements, the
Company had revenues in amount of 9,007 for the year ended September 30, 2024, had a net loss 30,615 year ended September 30, 2024. 

 The Company is attempting to commence full-scale
operations and generate sufficient revenue, however the Company s cash position may not be sufficient to support the Company s
daily operations long-term. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a private or public offering. While the
Company believes in the viability of its strategy to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional
funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the
Company s ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability to raise additional funds
by way of a public or private offering. 

 The financial statements do not include any adjustments
related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might
be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 As of September 30, 2023 we have cash reserves
of approximately 610 and our liabilities are 32,400, comprising 18,400 accounts payable and 14,000 owed to Yuliia Zaporozhan, our
Director. As of September 30, 2024 we have cash reserves of approximately 11,343 and our liabilities are 145,330, comprising 13,500
accounts payable and 121,830 owed to Yuliia Zaporozhan, our Director. 

 The provided financial data indicates a concerning
trend in the company's financial health. As of September 30, 2023, the company had a significant cash shortfall, with liabilities exceeding
its cash reserves. The situation has worsened by September 30, 2024, as the gap between liabilities and cash reserves has widened considerably. 

 A significant portion of the company's liabilities
is owed to Yuliia Zaporozhan, a director of the company. 

Cash Flow Analysis 

The company's cash flow statements for the
fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, and 2024, present a mixed financial picture. 

 Operating Activities 

 For the years ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, net cash provided by operating activities was 12,217 and 11,410, respectively. 

12 

Investing Activities 

 For the years ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, net cash provided by investing activities was
 88,900 and 28,800, respectively. 

 Financing Activities 

 For the years ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, net cash provided by financing activities was
 111,850 and 18,000, respectively. 

 While the company was able to secure additional
financing in both years, the increasing reliance on external funds and the negative cash flow from operations in 2024 raise concerns about
the company's long-term financial sustainability. 

 The company's current financial position is
challenging, with limited cash reserves and significant liabilities. To ensure continued operations, we are actively seeking additional
funding through various channels, including a loan from our Director, Yuliia Zaporozhan. 

 While we are confident in our business plan,
we acknowledge the inherent uncertainties and risks associated with raising capital and executing our strategy. We are diligently working
to mitigate these risks and secure the necessary funding to achieve our long-term goals. 

Results of Operations 

 Total income for the year ended September 30,
2024 was 9,007, and no income was generated from inception on July 3, 2023 through September 30, 2023. 

 Total expenses for the year ended September
30, 2023 were 6,995, made up of office rent 308, postage and delivery 39 and professional fees 6,648. 

 Total expenses for the year ended September
30, 2024 were 39,629, made up of professional fees 24,886, amortization of 13,299, bank service charges 6, business licenses and permits
 915, postage and delivery 13 and office rent 510. 

For the year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
the company recorded a net loss of 30,615 and 6,990, respectively. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 

13 

Critical Accounting Policies 

 Our financial statements and accompanying notes
have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. 

 We regularly evaluate the accounting policies
and estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. In general, management s estimates are based on historical experience,
on information from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and
circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. 

ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk 

 Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

 This information appears following Item
15 of this Annual Report and is included herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 We have had no changes in or disagreements with
our independent registered public accountant. 

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 

 The company is responsible
for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s
management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. An assessment was conducted with the participation
of our principal executive and principal financial officer of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 

14 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

 Management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). The company s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the
supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the company conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, using the
criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission ("COSO - 2013"). 

 A material weakness
is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. In its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, the company determined
that there were control deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses, as described below. 

1. We lack an adequate internal control structure Due to the size of the company we do not have the
appropriate control activities, risk assessment procedures, controls over information and communication,
or effective monitoring controls. As a start up company, management is implementing practical measures to strengthen internal controls
within the limitations of the company's structure. This includes documenting financial processes and workflows, creating checklists for
critical tasks to ensure consistency, and setting clear approval thresholds for significant transactions. 

2. We do not have appropriate segregation of duties or adequate accounting resources The company has only two employees therefore no reviews are in place to ensure adequate financial reporting. Additionally, we lack accounting personnel with sufficient accounting knowledge, experience, and understanding of US GAAP or SEC rules. Further, while not being legally obligated to have an audit committee, it is the management s view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is an utmost important entity level control over the company s financial statements. 
 
 Currently the Board of Directors acts in the capacity of the Audit Committee, and does not include a member that is considered to be independent of management to provide the necessary oversight over management s activities. While the auditor's role does not include management responsibilities, their insights during the audit process enhance the accuracy and reliability of our financial reporting. To protect financial data, we have initiated regular backups stored securely off-site and implemented IT controls such as password-protected systems, user authentication, and basic logging of financial data changes to prevent unauthorized access or alterations. 

15 

3. We did not implement appropriate information technology controls As at September 30, 2024, the
company retains copies of all financial data and material agreements; however, there is no formal procedure or evidence of normal backup
of the company s data or off-site storage of data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due to unmitigated factors. Further,
there are no IT controls in place to prevent changes to, or misstatement in, financial reporting. We are formalizing a data backup process,
including automated and off-site backups, to safeguard critical financial data. Basic IT controls such as access restrictions, user authentication,
and change tracking will be implemented to ensure the integrity of financial reporting. 

Accordingly, the company
concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company s internal controls. 

 As a result of the
material weaknesses described above, management has concluded that the company did not maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting as of September 30, 2024 based on criteria established in Internal Control- Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

Changes in Internal Controls
over Financial Reporting 

There has been no
change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the year ended September 30, 2024, that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. Other Information 

 None. 

ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign
Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

 None. 

16 

PART III 

 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Yuliia Zaporozhan 
 32 
 President, Director and Secretary (Chairman) 
 
 Victor Balan 
 30 
 Director and Treasurer 
 
 Yuliia Zaporozhan, President,
Director and Secretary 

 Ms. Zaporozhan, has acted as the Company s
 President, Director and Secretary since July 3, 2023. Ms. Zaporozhan graduated from Odesa
National Economic University in 2015, earning a Master's degree in Personnel Management and Labor Economy. She has held roles as Head
of the Finance Office in 2014 and Accountant for various companies from 2015 to 2019. 

Victor Balan, Director and Treasurer 

 Mr. Balan, has acted as the Company s
Director and Treasurer since July 3, 2023. Mr. Balan graduated from the Odesa National Maritime
University, transitioned to the automotive industry in 2018 as a Senior Sales Manager at NNauto. In 2019, he further enhanced his skills
with coursework in digital marketing and website development. Since then, Mr. Balan he has been engaged in front-end and back-end development,
operating as a self-employed professional, creating websites tailored for tech products and gadgets. 

ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 

 Summary Compensation Table 

Name and 
 Principal 
 Position 
 Period 
 
 Salary 
 ) 
 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Yuliia Zaporozhan President, Director and Secretary (Chairman)) 
 Since inception (July 3, 2023) till September 30, 2024 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 
 
 Victor Balan. (Director and Treasurer) 
 Since inception (July 3, 2023) till September 30, 2024 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

There are no current employment agreements between
the company and its Officers. 

17 

Ms. Zaporozhan and Mr. Balan currently devotes restricted
amount of time to our operations. They have agreed to work with no remuneration until such time as the company receives sufficient revenues
necessary to provide management salaries. At this time, we cannot accurately estimate when sufficient revenues will occur to implement
this compensation, or what the amount of the compensation will be. 

ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 The following table sets forth, as of September
30, 2024, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our Common Stock by: (i) each person known to us to
be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of our outstanding shares of Common Stock, (ii) each director or nominee for director
of our company, (iii) each of the executives, and (iv) our directors and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, the
address of each shareholder is c/o our company at our principal office address: 

Beneficial Owner 
 Address 
 Number of Shares 
 Owned Percent of Class 
 
 Yuliia Zaporozhan 
 Friedrichstr. 114A, 10117, Berlin, Germany 
 2,000,000 
 48,38 
 
 Victor Balan 
 Friedrichstr. 114A, 10117, Berlin, Germany 
 2,000,000 
 48,38 

) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC which generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power
and/or investment power with respect to those securities. 

 Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment
power are exercised solely by the person named above or shared with members of such person s household. This includes any shares
such person has the right to acquire within 60 days. 

 Percent of class is calculated on
the basis of the number of fully diluted shares outstanding on September 30, 2024 - 4,134,000. 

 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

 It is our practice and policy to comply with
all applicable laws, rules and regulations regarding related person transactions, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. A related
person is an executive officer, director or more than 5 stockholder of StageWise Strategies Corp., including any immediate family
members, and any entity owned or controlled by such persons. Our Board of Directors (excluding any interested director) is charged with
reviewing and approving all related-person transactions, and a special committee of our Board of Directors is established to negotiate
the terms of such transactions. In considering related-person transactions, our Board of Directors considers all relevant available
facts and circumstances. 

18 

Related Party Transactions 

Yuliia Zaporozhan
is related party with whom the Company had transactions with during from July 3, 2023 (Inception) to September 30, 2024. During this
period, Yuliia Zaporozhan contributed 121,830 in cash to assist in paying for operating expenses on behalf of the Company. The amounts
due to the related party are unsecured and non-interest bearing with no set terms of repayment. 

ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and
Services 

 Fees
billed to our company for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 for professional services rendered amounted to 17,000 and 0. 

 The
following table sets forth the fees billed to our company for the years ended September 30, 2024 and
2023 for professional services rendered. 

2024 
 
 2023 
 
 Audit Fees 
 
 17,000 
 
 - 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 17,000 
 
 - 

19 

PART IV 

 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES 

 (a)The
following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

 (1)Financial
Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 21 
 
 Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 22 
 
 Statements of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 23 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 24 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 25 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 26 to 31 

(2)Financial
Statement Schedules: 

 None. 

 (3)Exhibits 

 The following exhibits
are filed with this report. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained from the SEC s website at sec.gov. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certifications pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002. 

ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 

 None. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (ID - PCAOB # 
 
 21 
 
 Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 22 
 
 Statements of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 23 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 24 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 25 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 26 - 31 

20 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors 

 Stagewise Strategies Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Stagewise Strategies Corp. (the "Company") as of September 30, 2024 and
September 30, 2023, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders' equity, from inception to the period ended September
30, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2024, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows from inception to the period ended September 30, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Uncertainty 

The
Company's financial statements are prepared using the generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which contemplates
the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated deficit of
 37,606 and a negative cash flow from operations amounting to 30,615 from inception to the period ended September 30, 2024. These factors
as discussed in Note 3 of the financial statements raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosure that are material to the financial statements and (2) involve especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on
the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit maters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Related
party loans 

We
noted a significant related party loans as a critical matter. 

We
performed the following procedures to address the matter such as, confirmation of those related party loans, risk assessment of the nature
of the related party transactions, review of the recent minutes of meetings of stockholders, directors, and committees, review of the
presence of any significant journal entries and other adjustments and Inquiry with management of any undisclosed related party contract. 

December
23, 2024 

21 

STAGEWISE STRATEGIES CORP. 

BALANCE
SHEETS 

As of September 30, 2024 (audited) 
 
 As of September 30, 2023 (audited) 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Total Current Assets 

Other Assets 

Intangible Assets, net 

Total Other Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Liabilities 

Accounts Payable 

Deferred revenue 

- 

Loan from Related Parties 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Common Stock, par value, shares authorized, 
 and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

- 
 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDER`S EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of the financial statements 

22 

STAGEWISE STRATEGIES
CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

As of September 30, 2024 (audited) 
 
 As of September 30, 2023 (audited) 
 
 Revenue 

- 
 
 Gross Profit 

- 

Operating Expenses 

Office rent 

Postage and Delivery 

Bank Service Charges 

- 
 
 Business Licenses and Permits 

- 
 
 Depreciation Expense 

- 
 
 Professional Fees 

Total operating expenses 

Net Loss from Operations 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Other Income 

Interest Income 

Total other income 

Net Loss 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net Loss per Common Share Basic Diluted 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding-Basic Diluted 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of the financial statements 

23 

STAGEWISE STRATEGIES
CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Common Stock 

Additional 
 Paid-in- 
 Capital 

Accumulated 
 Deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Shares 

Amount 0.001 
 par value) 

Balance as of July 3, 2023 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Shares issued for cash 

- 
 
 - 

Net Los 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Balance as of September 30, 2023 

- 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Shares issued for cash 

- 

Net Loss 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

) 
 
 ) 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of the financial statements 

24 

STAGEWISE STRATEGIES
CORP. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

As of September 30, 2024 (audited) 
 
 As of September 30, 2023 (audited) 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net Loss 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss 
to net cash provided by operations: 

Deferred revenue 

- 

Accumulated Depreciation 

- 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts Payable 
 
 ) 

Net cash provided by Operating Activities 
 
 ) 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchases of Intangible Assets 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Net cash used in Investing Activities 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from the Sale of Common Stock 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

- 

Proceeds from Loan from Related Parties 

Net cash provided by Financing Activities 

Net cash increase (decrease) for period 
 
 ) 

Cash at beginning of period 

- 
 
 Cash at end of period 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of the financial statements 

25 

STAGEWISE STRATEGIES CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 As of September 30, 2024 

. 

 and , respectively. 

and shares of common
stock issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

to the Company, of which 107,830 was provided during the year ended September 30, 2024, to assist in paying
operating expenses on behalf of the Company. Amounts due to the related party are unsecured and non-interest bearing, with no set repayment
dates. 

29 

. 

30 

on behalf of the Company for the period October 1,
2024 till October 30, 2024. 

On November 21, 2024, Yuliia Zaporozhan, a member
of the Board of Directors of the Company notified the Company of her intention to resign from her positions as President, Director, Secretary,
and CEO of the Company, effective November 25, 2024. Ms. Zaporozhan did not advise the Company or the Board of any disagreement with the
Company on any matter relating to its operations, policies, or practices. On November 21, 2024, Victor Balan was appointed to serve as
President, Secretary, and CEO, and continued to serve as Director and Treasurer. 

Effective November 21, 2024, Alarcon Martinez Marcelo
Ramon was appointed to serve as Independent Director of the Company. 

On November 22, 2024, the Company amended its Loan
Agreement originally dated July 4, 2023, and previously amended on July 15, 2024. Under the terms of the second amendment, the loan obligations,
originally executed by Yuliia Zaporozhan, were transferred to Director Victor Balan, who will assume responsibility for all rights and
obligations associated with the agreement. 

31 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, there
unto duly authorized on December 30, 2024. 

STAGEWISE STRATEGIES CORP. 

By: /s / Victor Balan 

Victor Balan, President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director, Chief Executive Officer
 (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

32 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cert31.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

I, Victor Balan, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of 
 StageWise Strategies Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 December 30, 2024 
 /s/
 Victor Balan 

Victor Balan 

President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
 and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 cert32.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of
StageWise Strategies Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Victor Balan, Chief Executive, Financial
and Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 December 30, 2024 
 /s/
 Victor Balan 

Victor Balan 

President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
 and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 none-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 none-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 none-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 none-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

