<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241126_10-K_edgar_data_356309_0000356309-24-000083.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26048356</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>613995</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4957876</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10792294</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4815816</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4212101</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000356309-24-000083.hdr.sgml : 20241126
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241126163257
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000356309-24-000083
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		150
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241126
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241126

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEW JERSEY RESOURCES CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000356309
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS DISTRIBUTION [4924]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				222376465
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08359
		FILM NUMBER:		241504448

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1415 WYCKOFF RD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1468
		CITY:			WALL
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07719
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7329381000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1415 WYCKOFF ROAD
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 1468
		CITY:			WALL
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07719

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000356309-24-000083.txt : 20241126

10-K
 1
 njr-20240930.htm
 10-K SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

njr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2024 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) (Address of principal executive offices) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by checkmark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates was based on the closing price of 42.91 per share on March 31, 2024, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 The number of shares outstanding of 2.50 par value common stock as of November 22, 2024 was . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Page Glossary of Terms 
 1 
 Information Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 PART I ITEM 1. Business 
 4 
 Organizational Structure 
 4 
 Reporting Segments 
 5 
 Natural Gas Distribution 
 7 
 Clean Energy Ventures 
 10 
 Energy Services 
 10 
 Storage and Transportation 
 12 
 Other Business Operations 
 13 
 Home Services and Other 
 13 
 Environment 
 13 
 Human Capital Resources 
 13 
 Information About our Executive Officers 
 15 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 15 
 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 
 ITEM 1C. Cybersecurity 25 
 ITEM 2. Properties 
 27 
 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 PART II ITEM 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 ITEM 6. [ Reserved ] 
 29 
 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 58 
 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 61 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 61 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 62 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 65 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 70 
 Note 1. Nature of the Business 
 70 
 Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 70 
 Note 3. Revenue 
 81 
 Note 4. Regulation 
 85 
 Note 5. Derivative Instruments 
 90 
 Note 6. Fair Value 
 94 
 Note 7. Investments in Equity Investees 
 96 
 Note 8. Earnings Per Share 
 96 
 Note 9. Debt 
 97 
 Note 10. Stock-Based Compensation 
 100 
 Note 11. Employee Benefit Plans 
 103 
 Note 12. Income Taxes 
 108 
 Note 13. Leases 
 110 
 Note 14. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities 
 113 
 Note 15. Reporting Segment and Other Operations Data 
 114 
 Note 16. Related Party Transactions 
 116 
 Note 17. Subsequent Event 
 117 
 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 118 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 118 
 ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 118 
 PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 119 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 119 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 119 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 119 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 119 
 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 120 
 Index to Financial Statement Schedules 
 121 
 Exhibit Index 
 123 
 Signatures 
 130 
 Portions of Item 10 and Items 11-14 are Incorporated by Reference from the Proxy Statement. 
 i 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 

GLOSSARY OF KEY TERMS 
 Adelphia Adelphia Gateway, LLC ADI Administratively Determined Incentive AFUDC Allowance for Funds Used During Construction AMA Asset Management Agreement 
 ARO Asset Retirement Obligation ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update B Billion Bcf Billion Cubic Feet BGSS Basic Gas Supply Service BPU New Jersey Board of Public Utilities CEO Chief Executive Officer CIO Chief Information Officer CIP Conservation Incentive Program Clean Energy Ventures or CEV Clean Energy Ventures segment CME Chicago Mercantile Exchange CR R Commercial Realty Resources Corp. CSI Competitive Solar Incentive Degree-day The measure of the variation in the weather based on the extent to which the average daily temperature falls below 65 degrees Fahrenheit DEI Diversity, equity and inclusion DRP NJR Direct Stock Purchase and Dividend Reinvestment Plan Dths Dekatherms EDECA Electric Discount and Energy Competition Act EE Energy Efficiency EMP New Jersey Energy Master Plan 
 Energy Services or ES Energy Services segment Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FCM Futures Commission Merchant FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Financial Margin A non-GAAP financial measure, which represents revenues earned from the sale of natural gas less costs of natural gas sold including any transportation and storage costs, and excludes certain operations and maintenance expense and depreciation and amortization, as well as any accounting impact from the change in the fair value of certain derivative instruments 
 Fitch Fitch Ratings Company FMB First Mortgage Bond GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles of the United States GWRA Global Warming Response Act of 2007 HCCTR Health Care Cost Trend Rate Home Services and Other or HSO Home Services and Other Operations ICE Intercontinental Exchange IIP Infrastructure Investment Program Inflation Reduction Act Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRS Internal Revenue Service ISDA The International Swaps and Derivatives Association ITC Federal Investment Tax Credit LDCC Leadership Development and Compensation Committee 
 Leaf River Leaf River Energy Center LLC LNG Liquefied Natural Gas M Million MGP Manufactured Gas Plant MMBtu Million British Thermal Units Moody s Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Mortgage Indenture The Amended and Restated Indenture of Mortgage, Deed of Trust and Security Agreement between NJNG and U.S. Bank National Association dated as of September 1, 2014, as amended 
 Page 1 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 

GLOSSARY OF KEY TERMS (cont.) MW Megawatts MWh Megawatt Hour NAESB The North American Energy Standards Board NAV Net Asset Value NFE Net Financial Earnings NJCEP New Jersey s Clean Energy Program NJDEP New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection NJNG New Jersey Natural Gas Company or our Natural Gas Distribution segment NJNG Credit Facility The 250M unsecured committed credit facility expiring in August 2029 
 NJR Credit Facility The 575M unsecured committed credit facility expiring in August 2029 
 NJR or The Company New Jersey Resources Company NJR Retail NJR Retail Company NJRCEV NJR Clean Energy Ventures Corporation NJRES NJR Energy Services Company, LLC NJRHS NJR Home Services Company Non-GAAP Not in accordance with GAAP NPNS Normal Purchase/Normal Sale NYMEX New York Mercantile Exchange OCI Other Comprehensive Income O M Operations and Maintenance Expense OPEB Other Postemployment Benefit Plans PBO Projected Benefit Obligation PennEast PennEast Pipeline Company, LLC PEP Pension Equalization Plan PIM Pipeline Integrity Management PPA Power Purchase Agreement RAC Remediation Adjustment Clause REC Renewable Energy Certificate Sarbanes-Oxley Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SAVEGREEN The SAVEGREEN Project Savings Plan Employees Retirement Savings Plan SBC Societal Benefits Charge SEC Securities and Exchange Commission Securities Act Securities Act of 1933, as amended SG A Selling, General and Administrative expenses SREC Solar Renewable Energy Certificate S P Standard Poor s Financial Services, LLC Steckman Ridge Collectively, Steckman Ridge GP, LLC and Steckman Ridge, LP Storage and Transportation or S T Storage and Transportation segment TETCO Texas Eastern Transmission TREC Transition Renewable Energy Certificate Trustee U.S. Bank National Association TSR Total Shareholder Return U.S. The United States of America Union International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 1820 USF Universal Service Fund Utility Gross Margin A non-GAAP financial measure, which represents operating revenues less natural gas purchases, sales tax, and regulatory rider expense, and excludes certain operations and maintenance expense and depreciation and amortization 
 Page 2 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 

INFORMATION CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements contained in this report, including, without limitation, statements as to management expectations, assumptions and beliefs presented in Part I, Item 1. Business and Item 3. Legal Proceedings , and in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk , and in the notes to the financial statements, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, Section 21E of the Exchange Act and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as anticipate, estimate, may, could, might, intend, expect, believe, will, plan, should or comparable terminology and are made based upon management s current expectations, assumptions and beliefs as of this date concerning future developments and their potential effect on us. There can be no assurance that future developments will be in accordance with management s expectations, assumptions or beliefs, or that the effect of future developments on us will be those anticipated by management. 
 
 We caution readers that the expectations, assumptions and beliefs that form the basis for forward-looking statements regarding customer growth, customer usage, qualifications for ITCs, RECs, future rate case proceedings, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, capital requirements, future capital expenditures, market risk, effective tax rate, the gain on the sale of the CEV residential solar asset portfolio and other matters for fiscal 2025 and thereafter include many factors that are beyond our ability to control or estimate precisely, such as estimates of future market conditions, the behavior of other market participants and changes in the debt and equity capital markets. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations, assumptions and beliefs include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors , as well as the following, which are neither presented in order of importance nor weighted: 
 
 our ability to obtain governmental and regulatory approvals, permits, certificates, land-use rights, electric grid connection (in the case of clean energy projects) and/or financing for the construction, development and operation of our unregulated energy investments, pipeline transportation systems and NJNG and S T infrastructure projects in a timely manner; 
 our ability to address concerns over climate change and its impacts on business operations; 
 risks associated with our investments in clean energy projects, including the availability of regulatory incentives and federal tax credits, the availability of viable projects, our eligibility for ITCs, the future market for RECs and electricity prices, our ability to complete construction of the projects and operational risks related to projects in service; 
 risks associated with acquisitions and the related integration of acquired assets with our current operations; 
 our ability to comply with current and future regulatory requirements; 
 risks associated with our pipeline of projects and timely completion of such projects; 
 commercial and wholesale credit risks, including the availability of creditworthy customers and counterparties, and liquidity in the wholesale energy trading market; 
 volatility of natural gas and other commodity prices and their impact on NJNG customer usage, NJNG s BGSS incentive programs, ES operations and our risk management efforts; 
 the performance of our subsidiaries; 
 access to adequate supplies of natural gas and dependence on third-party S T facilities for natural gas supply; 
 the level and rate at which NJNG s costs are incurred and the extent to which they are approved for recovery from customers through the regulatory process, including through future base rate case filings; 
 impacts of inflation, including the current inflationary environment, and increased natural gas costs; 
 the impact of a disallowance of recovery of environmental-related expenditures and other regulatory changes; 
 operating risks incidental to handling, storing, transporting and providing customers with natural gas; 
 demographic changes in our service territory and their effect on our customer growth; 
 changes in rating agency requirements and/or credit ratings and their effect on availability and cost of capital to the Company; 
 the impact of events causing volatility in the equity and credit markets on our access to capital, including natural disasters, pandemic illness and other extreme events and risks, political and economic disruption and uncertainty related to Russia s military invasion of Ukraine, the conflict in the Middle East, and the international community s responses; 
 risks of prolonged constriction of credit availability in the markets and our ability to secure short-term financing; 
 our ability to comply with debt covenants; 
 the results of legal or administrative proceedings with respect to claims, rates, environmental issues, natural gas cost prudence reviews and other matters; 
 risks related to cyberattacks, including ransomware, terrorism and other malicious acts against, or failure of, information technology systems; 
 the impact to the asset values and resulting higher costs and funding obligations of our pension and postemployment benefit plans as a result of potential downturns in the financial markets, including, but not limited to, inflationary pressures, recessionary pressures, or rising interest rates, and/or reductions in bond yields; 
 accounting effects and other risks associated with hedging activities and use of derivatives contracts; 
 our ability to optimize our physical assets; 
 weather and economic conditions, including those changes in weather and weather patterns that could be attributable to climate change; 
 the costs of compliance with present and future environmental laws, potential climate change-related legislation or any legislation resulting from the 2019 New Jersey EMP, as well as future executive orders and the outcomes of regulatory proceedings concerning natural gas; 
 uncertainties related to litigation, regulatory, administrative or environmental proceedings; 
 changes to tax laws and regulations, including our ability to optimize those changes brought about by the passage of the Inflation Reduction Act; 
 any potential need to record a valuation allowance for our deferred tax assets; 
 the delay or prevention of a favorable transaction due to changes in control provisions or laws; 
 risks related to our employee workforce and succession planning; 
 risks associated with the management of our joint ventures and partnerships; and 
 risks associated with keeping pace with technological change. 
 
 Forward-looking statements made in this report apply only as of the date of this report. While we periodically reassess material trends and uncertainties affecting our results of operations and financial condition in connection with the preparation of management s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition contained in our Quarterly and Annual Reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K, respectively, we do not, by including this statement, assume any obligation to review or revise any particular forward-looking statement referenced herein in light of future events. 
 Page 3 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
 New Jersey Resources Corporation is a New Jersey corporation and a diversified energy services holding company whose principal business is the distribution of natural gas through a regulated utility, investing in and operating clean energy projects and natural gas storage and transportation assets, and providing other retail and wholesale energy services to customers. We are an exempt holding company under Section 1263 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005. 
 
 Our primary subsidiaries include the following: 
 
 New Jersey Natural Gas Company provides regulated natural gas utility service to residential and commercial customers throughout Burlington, Middlesex, Monmouth, Morris, Ocean and Sussex counties in New Jersey and participates in the off-system sales and capacity release markets. NJNG, a local natural gas distribution company, is regulated by the BPU and comprises the Company s Natural Gas Distribution segment. 

NJR Clean Energy Ventures Corporation includes the results of operations and assets related to the Company s unregulated capital investments in clean energy projects, including commercial and residential solar projects. NJRCEV comprises the Company s Clean Energy Ventures segment. 

NJR Energy Services Company, LLC maintains and transacts around a portfolio of physical assets consisting of natural gas transportation and storage contracts in the U.S. NJRES also provides unregulated wholesale energy management services to other energy companies and natural gas producers. NJRES comprises our Energy Services segment. 

NJR Midstream Holdings Corporation, which comprises the Storage and Transportation segment, invests in energy-related ventures through its subsidiaries: NJR Midstream Company, which includes our wholly-owned subsidiaries of Leaf River, located in southeastern Mississippi, and Adelphia, located in eastern Pennsylvania, which are subject to FERC regulation; and NJR Steckman Ridge Storage Company, which holds our 50 combined ownership interest in Steckman Ridge, located in Pennsylvania. 

NJR Home Services Company provides heating, ventilation and cooling service, sales and installation of appliances, as well as solar installation projects, and is the primary contributor to Home Services and Other operations. 
 Page 4 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

 REPORTING SEGMENTS 
 
 We operate within four reporting segments: Natural Gas Distribution, Clean Energy Ventures, Energy Services and Storage and Transportation. 
 
 NJNG consists of regulated natural gas services, off-system sales, capacity and storage management operations. ES consists of unregulated wholesale and retail energy operations, as well as energy management services. CEV consists of capital investments in clean energy projects. S T consists of operations and investments in the natural gas storage and transportation market, such as natural gas storage and transportation facilities. 
 
 Net income by reporting segment and other business operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, are as follows: 

HSO includes intercompany eliminations. 
 
 Asset composition by reporting segment and other business operations at September 30, are as follows: 
 
 2024 2023 
 
 Page 5 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

 Management uses NFE, a non-GAAP financial measure, when evaluating its operating results. NFE is a measure of the earnings based on eliminating timing differences surrounding the recognition of certain gains or losses to effectively match the earnings effects of the economic hedges with the physical sale of natural gas and, therefore, eliminates the impact of volatility to GAAP earnings associated with the derivative instruments. To the extent we utilize forwards, futures or other derivatives to hedge natural gas transactions and forecasted SREC production, the resulting unrealized gains and losses are also eliminated from NFE. ES economically hedges its natural gas inventory with financial derivative instruments and calculates the related tax effect based on the statutory rate. NFE also excludes certain transactions associated with equity method investments, including impairment charges, which are non-cash charges, and return of capital in excess of the carrying value of our investment. These are considered unusual in nature and occur infrequently and are not indicative of the Company s performance for its ongoing operations. Included in the tax effects are current and deferred income tax expense corresponding with the components of NFE. 
 
 Non-GAAP financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, GAAP, and should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, the comparable GAAP measure. The following is a reconciliation of consolidated net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to NFE for the fiscal years ended September 30: 
 (Thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Net income 289,775 264,724 274,922 Add: Unrealized loss (gain) on derivative instruments and related transactions 19,574 (38,081) (59,906) Tax effect (4,652) 9,050 14,248 Effects of economic hedging related to natural gas inventory (1) 
 (18,192) 34,699 19,939 Tax effect 4,323 (8,246) (4,738) Gain on equity method investment (300) (5,521) Tax effect (19) 1,377 NFE 290,828 261,827 240,321 Basic earnings per share 2.94 2.73 2.86 Add: Unrealized loss (gain) on derivative instruments and related transactions 0.20 (0.39) (0.62) Tax effect (0.05) 0.09 0.15 Effects of economic hedging related to natural gas inventory (1) 
 (0.18) 0.36 0.21 Tax effect 0.04 (0.09) (0.05) Gain on equity method investment (0.06) Tax effect 0.01 Basic NFE per share 2.95 2.70 2.50 
 (1) Effects of hedging natural gas inventory transactions where the economic impact is realized in a future period. 
 
 NFE by reporting segment and other business operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, are as follows: 

HSO includes intercompany eliminations. 
 Page 6 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

 Natural Gas Distribution 
 
 General 
 
 NJNG consists of regulated utility operations that provide natural gas service to residential and commercial customers. NJNG s service territory includes Burlington, Middlesex, Monmouth, Morris, Ocean and Sussex counties in New Jersey. It encompasses 1,538 square miles, covering 109 municipalities with an estimated population of 1.7M people. It is primarily suburban, highlighted by approximately 100 miles of New Jersey coastline. It is in close proximity to New York City, Philadelphia and the metropolitan areas of northern New Jersey, and is accessible through a network of major roadways and mass transportation. 
 
 NJNG s business is subject to various risks, such as those associated with adverse economic conditions, which can negatively impact customer growth and operating and financing costs; fluctuations in commodity prices, which can impact customer usage; certain regulatory actions; and environmental remediation. It is often difficult to predict the impact of trends associated with these risks. NJNG employs strategies to pursue customer conversions from other fuel sources and monitor new construction markets through contact with developers, utilize incentive programs through BPU-approved mechanisms to reduce natural gas costs, pursue rate and other regulatory strategies designed to stabilize and decouple gross margin, and work actively with consultants and the NJDEP to manage expectations related to its obligations associated with its former MGP sites. 
 
 Operating Revenues/Throughput 
 
 For the fiscal years ended September 30, operating revenues and throughput by customer class for NJNG are as follows: 
 2024 2023 2022 in thousands) Operating Revenue Bcf Operating Revenue Bcf Operating Revenue Bcf Residential 642,352 44.5 643,756 43.4 598,433 45.5 Commercial and other 124,127 8.5 137,343 8.4 140,727 8.7 Firm transportation 86,138 11.7 79,537 12.1 80,915 13.0 Total residential and commercial 852,617 64.7 860,636 63.9 820,075 67.2 Interruptible/off-tariff agreements/other 9,950 25.8 9,996 29.5 9,740 32.4 Total system 862,567 90.5 870,632 93.4 829,815 99.6 BGSS incentive programs (1) 
 157,265 67.7 142,001 34.9 298,952 44.5 Total 1,019,832 158.2 1,012,633 128.3 1,128,767 144.1 
 (1) Does not include 17.3, 37.7 and 50.7 Bcf for the capacity release program and related amounts of approximately 0.8M, 0.9M and 0.7M, which are recorded as a reduction of natural gas purchases on the Consolidated Statements of Operations during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 In fiscal 2024, no single customer represented more than 10 of consolidated operating revenues. 
 
 Seasonality of Natural Gas Revenues 
 
 Therm sales are significantly affected by weather conditions, with customer demand being greatest during the winter months when natural gas is used for heating purposes. The relative measurement of the impact of weather is in Degree-days. Degree-day data is used to estimate amounts of energy required to maintain comfortable indoor temperature levels based on each day s average temperature. Each degree of temperature below 65 degrees Fahrenheit is counted as one heating Degree-day. Normal heating Degree-days are based on a 20-year average, calculated based on three reference areas representative of NJNG s service territory. 
 
 CIP, a mechanism authorized by the BPU, stabilizes NJNG s Utility Gross Margin, regardless of variations in weather. In addition, CIP decouples the link between Utility Gross Margin and customer usage, allowing NJNG to promote energy conservation measures. Recovery of Utility Gross Margin is subject to additional conditions, including an earnings test, a revenue test and an evaluation of BGSS-related savings achieved over a 12-month period. The BPU approved the continuation of the CIP program with no expiration date. 
 
 Concurrent with its annual BGSS filing, NJNG files for an annual review of its CIP, at which time it can request rate changes, as appropriate. For additional information regarding CIP, including rate actions and impact to margin, see Note 4. Regulation in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Natural Gas Distribution . 
 
 Page 7 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

 Natural Gas Supply 
 
 Firm Natural Gas Supplies 
 
 In fiscal 2024, NJNG purchased natural gas from approximately 56 suppliers under contracts ranging from one day to five months and purchased over 10 of its natural gas from two suppliers. NJNG believes the loss of either of these suppliers would not have a material adverse impact on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows, as an adequate number of alternative suppliers exist. NJNG believes that its supply strategy should adequately meet its expected firm load for the upcoming winter season. 
 
 Firm Transportation and Storage Capacity 
 
 NJNG maintains agreements for firm transportation and storage capacity with several interstate pipeline companies to take delivery of firm natural gas supplies, which ensures the ability to reliably service its customers. NJNG receives natural gas at 11 citygate stations located in Burlington, Middlesex, Morris and Passaic counties in New Jersey. 
 
 The pipeline companies that provide firm transportation service to NJNG s citygate stations, the maximum daily deliverability of that capacity and the contract expiration dates are as follows: 
 Pipeline Dths (1) 
 Expiration Texas Eastern Transmission, LP 390,738 2025 to 2026 Algonquin Gas Transmission, LLC 12,000 2026 Columbia Gas Transmission, LLC 50,000 2027 to 2030 Tennessee Gas Pipeline Company, LLC 35,894 2028 to 2029 Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 425,531 2025 to 2039 Total 914,163 
 (1) Numbers are shown net of any capacity release contracted amounts. 
 
 Eastern Gas Transmission and Storage, Inc., Tennessee Gas Pipeline Company, LLC, Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC and Adelphia provide NJNG upstream firm contract transportation service and supply pipelines included in the table above. 
 
 In addition, NJNG has storage contracts that provide an additional 102,941 Dths of maximum daily deliverability to NJNG s citygate stations from storage fields in its Northeast market area. The storage suppliers, the maximum daily deliverability of that storage capacity and the contract expiration dates are as follows: 
 Pipeline Dths Expiration Texas Eastern Transmission, LP 94,557 2026 Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC 8,384 2028 Total 102,941 
 
 NJNG also has upstream storage contracts. The maximum daily deliverability and contract expiration dates are as follows: 
 Company Dths Expiration Eastern Gas Transmission and Storage, Inc. 286,829 various dates from 2025 to 2027 Steckman Ridge 38,000 2025 Stagecoach Pipeline and Storage Company, LLC 47,065 2028 Total 371,894 
 
 NJNG utilizes its transportation contracts to transport natural gas to NJNG s citygates from the Eastern Gas Transmission and Storage, Inc., Steckman Ridge and Stagecoach Pipeline Storage Company LLC storage fields. NJNG has sufficient firm transportation, storage and supply capacity to fully meet its customer demand for natural gas within its service territory. 
 
 Citygate Supplies from ES 
 
 NJNG and ES had one AMA where NJNG released certain transportation and storage capacity to ES, which NJNG could have called upon if needed. This agreement expired on March 31, 2024 and was not renewed. 

Page 8 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

 Peaking Supply 
 
 To manage its winter peak day demand, NJNG maintains two LNG facilities with a combined deliverability of approximately 170,000 Dths/day, which represents approximately 17 of its estimated peak day sendout. NJNG s liquefaction facility allows NJNG to convert natural gas into LNG to fill NJNG s existing LNG storage tanks. See Item 2. Properties-Natural Gas Distribution for additional information regarding the LNG storage facilities. 
 
 Basic Gas Supply Service 
 
 BGSS is a BPU-approved clause designed to allow for the recovery of natural gas commodity costs on an annual basis. The clause requires all New Jersey natural gas utilities to make an annual filing by each June 1 for review of BGSS rates and to request a potential rate change effective the following October 1. The BGSS also allows each natural gas utility to provisionally increase residential and small commercial customer BGSS rates on December 1 and February 1 for up to a 5 increase to the average residential heat customer s bill on a self-implementing basis with proper notice. Such increases are subject to subsequent BPU review and final approval. 
 
 In addition to making periodic rate adjustments to reflect changes in commodity prices, NJNG is also permitted to refund or credit back a portion of the commodity costs to customers when the natural gas commodity costs decrease in comparison to amounts projected or to amounts previously collected from customers. Decreases in the BGSS rate and BGSS refunds can be implemented with five days notice to the BPU. Rate changes, as well as other regulatory actions related to BGSS, are discussed further in Note 4. Regulation in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Wholesale natural gas prices are, by their nature, volatile. NJNG mitigates the impact of volatile price changes on customers through the use of financial derivative instruments, which are part of its storage incentive program and its BGSS clause. 
 
 Future Natural Gas Supplies 
 
 NJNG expects to meet the natural gas requirements for existing and projected firm customers. If NJNG s long-term natural gas requirements change, NJNG expects to renegotiate and restructure its contract portfolio to better match the changing needs of its customers and changing natural gas supply landscape. 
 
 Regulation and Rates 
 
 State 
 
 NJNG is subject to the jurisdiction of the BPU with respect to a wide range of matters such as base rates and regulatory rider rates, the issuance of securities, the safety and adequacy of service, the manner of keeping its accounts and records, the sufficiency of natural gas supply, pipeline safety, environmental issues, compliance with affiliate standards and the sale or encumbrance of its properties. See Note 4. Regulation in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding NJNG s rate proceedings. 
 
 Federal 
 
 FERC regulates rates charged by interstate pipeline companies for the transportation and storage of natural gas. This may affect NJNG s agreements with several interstate pipeline companies for the purchase of such services. Costs associated with these services are currently recoverable through the BGSS. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Although its franchises are nonexclusive, NJNG is not currently subject to competition from other natural gas distribution utilities with regard to the transportation of natural gas in its service territory. Due to significant distances between NJNG s current large industrial customers and the nearest interstate natural gas pipelines, as well as the availability of its transportation tariff, NJNG currently does not believe it has significant exposure to the risk that its distribution system will be bypassed. Competition does exist from suppliers of oil, electricity and propane. Natural gas prices are a function of market supply and demand. Although NJNG believes natural gas will remain competitive with alternative fuels, no assurance can be given in this regard. 
 
 The BPU, within the framework of the EDECA, fully opened NJNG s residential markets to competition, including third-party suppliers, and restructured rates to segregate its BGSS and delivery (i.e., transportation) prices. New Jersey s natural gas utilities must provide BGSS in the absence of a third-party supplier. On September 30, 2024, NJNG had 14,470 residential and 7,972 commercial and industrial customers utilizing the transportation service. 
 
 Page 9 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

 Clean Energy Ventures 
 
 CEV owns and operates clean energy projects, including commercial and residential solar installations located in six states, including New Jersey, Rhode Island, New York, Connecticut, Michigan and Indiana. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, CEV has approximately 477 MW of solar capacity in service, including a combination of commercial and residential net-metered and commercial grid-connected commercial solar systems. 
 
 As part of its solar investment portfolio, CEV operates a residential and small commercial solar program, The Sunlight Advantage , which provides qualifying homeowners and small business owners with the opportunity to have a solar system installed at their home or place of business with no installation or maintenance expenses. CEV owns, operates and maintains the system over the life of the lease in exchange for monthly lease payments. The program is operated by CEV using qualified contracting partners in addition to strategic suppliers for material standardization and sourcing. 
 
 On November 25, 2024, CEV completed the sale of its 91 MW residential solar asset portfolio. See Note 17. Subsequent Events for more information regarding the transaction. 
 
 CEV s commercial solar projects are sourced through various channels and include both net-metered and grid-connected systems. Net-metered projects involve the sale of energy to a host and grid-connected systems into the wholesale energy markets. Project construction is competitively sourced through third parties. New Jersey has the tenth largest solar market in the U.S., according to the Solar Energy Industries Association , with a large number of firms competing in all facets of the market including development, financing and construction. 
 
 Our solar systems located in New Jersey are registered and certified with the BPU s Office of Clean Energy and qualified to produce RECs. One REC is created for every MWh of electricity produced by a solar generator. CEV sells SRECs generated to a variety of counterparties, including electric load-serving entities that serve electric customers in New Jersey and are required to comply with the solar carve-out of the Renewable Portfolio Standard, a regulation that requires the increased production of energy from renewable energy sources. Solar projects are also currently eligible for federal ITCs in the year that they are placed into service. In December 2019, the BPU established the TREC as the interim program successor to the SREC program. TRECs provide a fixed compensation base multiplied by an assigned project factor in order to determine their value. The project factor is determined by the type and location of the project, as defined. All TRECs generated are required to be purchased monthly by a TREC program administrator as appointed by the BPU. 
 
 In July 2021, the BPU approved the first portion of the solar successor program for net-metered projects under 5 MWs. The new program opened to new applications in August 2021. Incentives are structured as a 15-year fixed incentive ranging from 85 to 130/MWh depending on market segment, project siting and size. The second phase of the successor program, the CSI program, was established in December 2022. The CSI program was designed to encourage grid scale solar generation with a goal of incentivizing development of at least 300 MW of solar annually until 2026. Solicitations take place annually, and all projects that meet pre-qualification requirements will compete on price only. Dates for the next solicitation have yet to be announced. 
 
 CEV is subject to various risks including those associated with adverse federal and state legislation and regulatory policies, electric grid connection, supply chain and/or construction delays that can impact the timing or eligibility of tax incentives, technological changes and the future market of RECs. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information regarding these risks. 

Energy Services 
 
 ES consists of unregulated wholesale and retail natural gas operations and provides producer and asset management services to a diverse customer base across North America. ES has acquired contractual rights to natural gas transportation and storage assets it utilizes to implement its strategic and opportunistic market strategies. The rights to these assets were acquired in anticipation of delivering natural gas, performing asset management services for customers or identifying strategic opportunities that exist in or between the market areas that it serves. These opportunities are driven by price differentials between market locations and/or time periods. ES differentiates itself in the marketplace based on price, reliability and quality of service. Its competitors include wholesale marketing and trading companies, utilities, natural gas producers and financial institutions. ES s portfolio of customers includes regulated natural gas distribution companies, industrial companies, electric generators, natural gas/liquids processors, retail aggregators, wholesale marketers and natural gas producers. 
 
 Page 10 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

 While focusing on maintaining a low-risk operating and counterparty credit profile, ES s activities specifically consist of the following elements: 
 
 Providing natural gas portfolio management services to nonaffiliated and our affiliated natural gas utility, electric generation facilities and natural gas producers; 
 
 Managing strategies for new and existing natural gas transportation and storage assets to capture value from changes in price due to location or timing differences; 
 
 Managing transactional logistics to minimize the cost of natural gas delivery to customers while maintaining security of supply. Transactions utilize the most optimal and advantageous natural gas supply transportation routing available within its contractual asset portfolio and various market areas; and 
 
 Managing economic hedging programs that are designed to mitigate the impact of changes in market prices on Financial Margin generated on its natural gas transportation and storage commitments. 
 
 In an effort to deliver more predictable earnings contributions, reduce earnings volatility and monetize the value of its natural gas transportation portfolio, ES entered into a series of AMAs in December 2020 with an investment grade public utility to release pipeline capacity associated with certain natural gas transportation contracts. The AMAs include a series of initial and permanent releases, which commenced in November 2021. NJR received a total of approximately 260M in cash from fiscal 2022 through fiscal 2024 and will receive approximately 34M per year from fiscal 2025 through fiscal 2031 under the agreements. 
 
 During fiscal 2024, ES purchased more than 10 of its natural gas from one supplier. ES believes the loss of this supplier would not have a material adverse impact on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows, as an adequate number of alternative suppliers exist. 
 
 Transportation and Natural Gas Storage Transactions 
 
 ES focuses on creating value from the use of its physical assets, which are typically amassed through contractual rights to natural gas transportation and storage capacity. These assets become more valuable when favorable price changes occur that impact the value between or within market areas and across time periods. On a forward basis, ES may hedge these price differentials through the use of financial instruments. In addition, ES may seek to optimize these assets on a daily basis, as market conditions warrant, by evaluating natural gas supply and transportation availability within its portfolio. This enables ES to capture geographic pricing differences across various regions, as delivered natural gas prices may change favorably as a result of market conditions. ES may, for example, initiate positions when intrinsic Financial Margin is present, and then enhance that Financial Margin as prices change across regions or time periods. 
 
 ES also engages in park and loan transactions with storage and pipeline operators, where ES will either borrow (receive a loan of) natural gas with an obligation to repay the storage or pipeline operator at a later date or park natural gas with an obligation to withdraw at a later date. In these cases, ES evaluates the economics of the transaction to determine if it can capture pricing differentials in the marketplace and generate Financial Margin. ES evaluates deal attributes such as fixed fees and calendar-spread value from deal inception until volumes are scheduled to be returned and/or repaid, as well as the time value of money. If this evaluation demonstrates that Financial Margin exists, ES may enter into the transaction and hedge with natural gas futures contracts, thereby locking in Financial Margin. 
 
 ES maintains inventory balances to satisfy existing or anticipated sales of natural gas to its counterparties and/or to create additional value, as described above. During fiscal 2024 and 2023, ES managed and sold 125.3 Bcf and 150.4 Bcf of natural gas, respectively. In addition, as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, ES had 13.1 Bcf of natural gas in storage and 14.6 Bcf of natural gas in storage, respectively. 
 
 Weather/Seasonality 
 
 ES activities are typically seasonal in nature as a result of changes in the supply and demand for natural gas. Demand for natural gas is generally higher during the winter months when there may also be supply constraints; however, during periods of milder temperatures, demand can decrease. In addition, demand for natural gas can also be high during periods of extreme heat in the summer months, resulting from the need for additional natural gas supply for natural gas-fired electric generation facilities. Accordingly, ES can be subject to variations in earnings and working capital throughout the year as a result of changes in weather. 
 Page 11 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

 Volatility 
 
 ES s activities are also subject to price volatility or supply/demand dynamics within its North American wholesale markets, including in the Northeastern, Appalachian, Mid-Continent and Southeast regions. Changes in natural gas supply can affect capacity values and ES s Financial Margin, which, as described below, is generated from the optimization of transportation and storage assets. With its focus on risk management, ES continues to diversify its revenue stream by identifying new growth opportunities in producer and asset management services. ES monitors changing market dynamics and strategically adjusts its portfolio of transportation and storage assets, which currently includes an average of approximately 16.5 Bcf of firm storage and 0.6 Bcf of firm transportation capacity. 
 
 Financial Margin 
 
 To economically hedge the commodity price risk associated with its existing and anticipated commitments for the purchase and sale of natural gas, ES enters into a variety of derivative instruments including, but not limited to, futures contracts, physical forward contracts, financial swaps and options. These derivative instruments are accounted for at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings as they occur. ES views Financial Margin, a non-GAAP financial measure, as a key internal financial metric. For additional information regarding Financial Margin, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Energy Services . 
 
 Risk Management 
 
 In conducting its business, ES mitigates risk by following formal risk management guidelines, including transaction limits, segregation of duties and formal contract and credit review approval processes. ES continuously monitors and seeks to reduce the risk associated with its counterparty credit exposures. Our Risk Management Committee oversees compliance with these established guidelines. 

Storage and Transportation 
 
 S T includes investments in FERC-regulated interstate natural gas storage and transportation assets and comprises NJR Midstream Company, which owns and operates Leaf River, FERC-regulated Adelphia, and NJR Steckman Ridge Storage Company, which holds our 50 equity method investment in Steckman Ridge. 
 
 Leaf River 
 
 Leaf River is a salt dome cavern natural gas storage facility located in southeastern Mississippi. The facility consists of three salt caverns with a combined natural gas storage capacity of 32.2M Dth. A 40-mile, dual 24 inch pipeline header system provides interconnections with seven different pipelines: Tennessee Gas Pipeline, Destin Pipeline, Transcontinental Pipeline, Southern Natural Gas Pipeline, Midcontinent Express Pipeline, Gulf South Pipeline, and Venture Oil Gas Pipeline, and serves as a bridge between the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic and Southeast markets. Leaf River provides reliable storage and balancing services to utilities, pipelines, marketers, and power markets in the Gulf and Southeast region. 
 
 Adelphia 
 
 Adelphia operates a FERC-regulated interstate natural gas transmission pipeline system in eastern Pennsylvania, providing firm and interruptible natural gas transportation service. The Adelphia pipeline system extends from Lower Mount Bethel Township in North Hampton County to Marcus Hook in Delaware County. Adelphia provides up to 850,000 Dths of natural gas to constrained energy markets in the greater Philadelphia region and serves customers from local distributors and producers to electric generators and wholesale marketers through its pipeline and storage assets. 
 
 Steckman Ridge 
 
 Steckman Ridge is a Delaware limited partnership, jointly owned and controlled by our subsidiaries and subsidiaries of Enbridge Inc., which built, owns and operates a natural gas storage facility with up to 12 Bcf of working natural gas capacity in Bedford County, Pennsylvania. The facility has direct access to the TETCO and Eastern Gas Transmission and Storage, Inc. pipelines and has access to the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic markets. 

Page 12 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

 OTHER BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
 
 Home Services and Other 
 
 HSO operations consist primarily of the following unregulated affiliates: 
 
 NJR Home Services, Inc., which provides heating, ventilation and cooling service, electrical and generator service and installations, sales and installation of appliances, as well as installation of solar equipment; 
 
 NJR Plumbing Services, Inc., which provides plumbing repair and installation services; 
 
 New Jersey Resources Corporation, a diversified energy services holding company; 
 
 CR R, which holds commercial real estate; and 
 
 NJR Service Corporation, which provides shared administrative and financial services to the Company and all of its subsidiaries and affiliates. 

ENVIRONMENT 
 
 We, along with our subsidiaries, are subject to legislation and regulation by federal, state and local authorities with respect to environmental matters. We believe that we are, in all material respects, in compliance with all applicable environmental laws and regulations. 
 
 NJNG is responsible for the environmental remediation of identified former MGP sites, which contain contaminated residues from former gas manufacturing operations that ceased at these sites by the mid-1950s and, in some cases, had been discontinued many years earlier. NJNG periodically, and at least annually, performs an environmental review of the former MGP sites, including a review of potential estimated liabilities related to the investigation and remedial action on these sites. Based on this review, NJNG has estimated that the total future expenditures to remediate and monitor the former MGP sites for which it is responsible will range from approximately 130.9M to 194.6M. 
 
 NJNG s estimate of these liabilities is based upon known and measurable facts, existing technology and enacted laws and regulations in place when the review was completed in fiscal 2024. Where it is probable that costs will be incurred, and the information is sufficient to establish a range of possible liability, NJNG accrues the most likely amount in the range. If no point within the range is more likely than the other, it is NJNG s policy to accrue the lower end of the range. As of September 30, 2024, NJNG recorded an MGP remediation liability and a corresponding regulatory asset of 161.7M on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, based on the most likely amount; however, actual costs may differ from these estimates. 
 
 HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Employee Overview 
 
 NJR fundamentally believes that its employees make the Company a unique, successful organization in commitment, ingenuity, hard work and innovation. NJR employees fulfill the responsibilities that enable the Company to deliver natural gas service to its customers; to be a leader in clean energy investments; to grow its storage and transportation energy business; and to earn the loyalty of its retail home services customers. NJR also is committed to provide every appropriate resource to ensure its employees safety. Through initiatives that start at the top, NJR has invested time, energy and manpower to foster a culture in which safety is top-of-mind at all times and achieving safety goals is a shared priority for every NJR employee. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company and our subsidiaries employed 1,372 employees compared with 1,350 employees as of September 30, 2023. Of the total number of employees, NJNG had 510 and 509 and NJRHS had 118 and 117 Union or Represented employees as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. NJNG and NJRHS have collective bargaining agreements with the Union, which is affiliated with the American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations. NJNG and the Union agreed and ratified a contract on December 7, 2023, expiring in December 2026. The collective bargaining agreement between NJRHS and the Union was agreed and ratified on September 27, 2024, expiring in April 2029. The labor agreements cover wage increases and other benefits, including the defined benefit pension (which was closed to all employees hired on or after January 1, 2012, with the exception of certain rehires who are eligible to resume active participation), the postemployment benefit plan (which was closed to all employees hired on or after January 1, 2012) and the enhanced 401(k) retirement savings plan. We consider our relationship with employees, including those covered by collective bargaining agreements, to be in good standing. 
 Page 13 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

 The Company depends on its key personnel to successfully operate its businesses, including its executive officers, senior corporate management and management at its operating units. NJR seeks to attract and retain its employees by offering competitive compensation packages including base and incentive compensation (and in certain instances share-based compensation and retention incentives), attractive benefits and opportunities for advancement and rewarding careers. NJR periodically reviews and adjusts, if needed, its employees total compensation (including salaries, annual cash incentive compensation, other cash and equity incentives and benefits) to ensure that it is competitive within the industry and is consistent with our level of performance. NJR has also implemented enterprise-wide talent development and succession planning programs designed to identify future talent for key positions. To promote a collaborative and rewarding work environment and support the communities we serve, NJR sponsors numerous charitable, philanthropic and social awareness programs. 
 
 Further, in order to take advantage of available opportunities and successfully implement our long-term strategy, NJR must be able to employ, train and retain the necessary skilled employees. As a result, NJR supports and utilizes various training and educational programs and has developed additional company-wide and project-specific employee training and educational programs. NJR continues key programs focused on employee safety, leadership development, work-life balance, talent management, health and wellness, DEI and employee engagement. Moreover, DEI and employee engagement are integral to NJR s vision, strategy and business success. Fostering an environment that values DEI and ethics helps create an organization that is able to embrace, leverage and respect the differences of employees, customers and the communities where we live, work and serve. We are proud of the strides we have made in furthering our DEI strategy and increasing employee engagement. NJR is committed to this journey and knows our success makes us stronger as a company and community. Complementing our efforts are a DEI Council and our employee-led Business Resource Groups, cross-functional teams of employees whose core mission is to advance their own professional development and cultivate deeper connections with co-workers and communities. 
 
 NJR periodically evaluates employees and their productivity against future demand expectations and historical trends. NJR employees continue to maintain high levels of engagement, satisfaction and retention according to NJR s most recent employee survey conducted in October 2023. 
 
 NJR Board of Directors Role in Human Capital Resource Management 
 
 NJR s Board of Directors believes that human capital management is an important component of the Company s continued growth and success, and is essential for our ability to attract, retain and develop talented and skilled employees. We pride ourselves on a culture that is innovative, talent- and team-focused and inclusive. 
 
 Management regularly reports to the LDCC of the Board of Directors on human capital management topics, including corporate culture, DEI, employee development, compensation and benefits. The LDCC maintains oversight of matters related to human capital management, including talent retention, development and succession planning, and the Board of Directors provides input on important decisions in each of these areas. 
 
 NJR conducts an annual employee survey, which is reviewed by the LDCC, designed to help the Company measure overall employee engagement. The feedback employees provide through the survey helps NJR evaluate the Company s culture and the employee experience and monitor its current practices for potential areas of improvement. 
 
 Employee Benefits 
 
 The LDCC believes employee benefits are an essential component of the Company s competitive total rewards package. These benefits are designed to attract and retain our employees and include medical, vision and dental insurance, short- and long-term disability insurance, accidental death and disability insurance, travel and accident insurance and our 401(k) Plan. As part of the 401(k) Plan, NJR has matched 85 of the first 6 of base compensation contributed by the employee into the 401(k) Plan, subject to the Internal Revenue Code and NJR s 401(k) Plan limits. Beginning on March 6, 2024, NJR s contribution changed to 100 of the first 3 and 80 of the next 3 of base compensation. Additionally, for employees who are not eligible to participate in the defined benefit plans, NJR annually contributes between 4 and 5 of base compensation, depending upon years of service, into the 401(k) Plan on their behalf. 
 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DOCUMENTS 
 
 The following reports and any amendments to those reports are available on our website at https://investor.njresources.com/financials/sec-filings as soon as reasonably possible after filing or furnishing them with the SEC: 
 Annual reports on Form 10-K; 
 Quarterly reports on Form 10-Q; and 
 Current reports on Form 8-K. 
 
 Page 14 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS (Continued) 

 The following documents are available on our website at https://investor.njresources.com/governance/governance-documents: 
 NJR Code of Conduct; 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws; 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines; 
 Wholesale Trading Code of Conduct; 
 Dodd-Frank Compensation Recoupment Policy; 
 Supplemental Clawback Policy; 
 Insider Trading Policy; 
 Charters of the following Board of Directors Committees: Audit, Nominating/Corporate Governance and Leadership Development and Compensation; 
 Audit Complaint Procedure; 
 Communicating with Non-Management Directors Procedure; 
 Statement of Policy with Respect to Related Person Transactions; and 
 Legal Procedure. 
 
 In Part III of this Form 10-K, we incorporate certain information by reference from our Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareowners. We expect to file the Proxy Statement with the SEC on or about December 11, 2024. We will make it available on our website as soon as reasonably possible following the filing date. Please refer to the Proxy Statement when it is available. 
 
 A printed copy of each document is available free of charge to any shareowner who requests it by contacting the Corporate Secretary at New Jersey Resources Corporation, 1415 Wyckoff Road, Wall, New Jersey 07719. 

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 The Company s Executive Officers and their age, position and business experience during the past five years are below. 
 Name Age Officer since Business experience during last five years Stephen D. Westhoven 56 2004 President and CEO (October 2019 - present) President and Chief Operating Office (October 2018 - September 2019) Roberto Bel 51 2019 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (January 2022 - present) Vice President, Treasury and Investor Relations (April 2019 - December 2021) Patrick J. Migliaccio 50 2013 Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (January 2022 - present) Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (January 2016 - December 2021) Amy Cradic 53 2018 Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Nonutility Businesses, Strategy and External Affairs (March 2020 - present) Vice President, Corporate Strategy and External Affairs (January 2020 February 2020) Vice President, Government Affairs and Policy (January 2018 December 2019) Richard Reich 49 2016 Senior Vice President and General Counsel (June 2022 - present) Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary (September 2021 - June 2022) Corporate Secretary and Assistant General Counsel (January 2016 - September 2021) Lori DelGiudice 49 2023 Senior Vice President, Human Resources (November 2022 - present) Vice President of Human Resources for Honeywell Advanced Materials (September 2017 - October 2022) Jacqueline K. Shea 60 2016 Senior Vice President and CIO (January 2023 - present) Vice President and CIO (June 2016 - December 2022) Stephen M. Skrocki 48 2023 Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) (January 2023 - present) Corporate Controller (January 2021 - December 2022) Assistant Corporate Controller (March 2017 - January 2021) 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 When considering any investment in our securities, investors should consider the following risk factors, as well as the information contained under the caption Information Concerning Forward-Looking Statements, in analyzing our present and future business performance. While this list is not exhaustive, management also places no priority or likelihood based on their descriptions or order of presentation. Listed below, not necessarily in order of importance or probability of occurrence, are the most significant risk factors applicable to us. Unless indicated otherwise or the content requires otherwise, references below to we, us, and our should be read to refer to the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 Page 15 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

 Risks Related to Our Business Operations 
 Our investments in solar energy projects are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. There are risks associated with our ability to execute on our investment strategy of clean energy projects, which includes our ability to develop and manage such projects profitably. These include logistical risks and potential delays related to construction, permitting and regulatory approvals (including any approvals by the BPU required pursuant to solar energy legislation in the State of New Jersey, and similar approvals required by the other states where our solar projects are located); electric grid interconnection delays associated with the PJM Interconnection, LLC queue reform process; and the operational risk that the projects in service will not perform according to expectations due to equipment failure, suboptimal weather conditions or other economic factors beyond our control. All of the aforementioned risks could reduce the availability of viable solar energy projects for development. Furthermore, at the development or acquisition stage, our ability to predict actual performance results may be hindered or inaccurate and the projects may not perform as predicted. 
 
 In addition, our investments in solar energy projects are dependent, in part, upon current state regulatory incentives and federal tax credits in order for the projects to be economically viable. Our return on investment for these solar projects is based substantially on our eligibility for ITCs and the future market value of RECs that are traded in a competitive marketplace in the State of New Jersey. These projects face the risk that the current state regulatory programs and tax laws may expire or be adversely modified. A sustained decrease in the value of RECs could negatively impact the return on our investments and could impair our portfolio of solar assets. 
 
 Actions or limitations to address concerns over climate change, both globally and within our utilities' service areas, may affect our operations and financial performance. Legislative, regulatory and advocacy efforts at the local, state and national levels concerning climate change and other environmental issues could have significant impacts on our operations. The natural gas utility industry may be affected by proposals to curb greenhouse gas and other air emissions. Various regulatory and legislative proposals have been made to limit or further restrict byproducts of combustion, including byproducts resulting from the use of natural gas by our customers. In addition, regionally, a number of regulatory and legislative initiatives have been passed that are designed to limit greenhouse gas emissions and increase the use of renewable sources of energy, such as the ban of natural gas equipment in new construction in New York and elsewhere in the U.S. In addition, regulatory and legislative initiatives may restrict customers access to natural gas and/or require or limit natural gas infrastructure in buildings. Other initiatives may seek to promote social interests expressed as energy equity, environmental justice or similar frameworks. Any such legislation could direct and/or restrict the operation and raise the costs of our energy delivery infrastructure as well as the distribution of natural gas to our customers. 
 
 Uncertainties associated with our pipeline of projects could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Business development projects involve many risks. We are currently engaged in business development projects, including projects in various stages of development tied to decarbonization efforts. Timely completion of our projects is subject to certain risks, including those related to regulatory proceedings regarding permitting and adverse outcomes from legal challenges related to the projects authorizations from federal and state regulatory agencies. We could also experience issues such as: technological challenges; ineffective scalability; failure to achieve expected outcomes; unsuccessful business models; startup and construction delays; construction cost overruns; disputes with contractors; the inability to negotiate acceptable agreements such as rights-of-way, easements, construction, gas supply or other material contracts; changes in customer demand, perception or commitment; public opposition to projects; marketing risk and changes in market regulation, behavior or prices; market volatility or unavailability, including markets for RNG and its associated attributes or other environmental attributes; the inability to receive expected tax or regulatory treatment; and operating cost increases. Additionally, we may be unable to finance our business development projects at acceptable costs or within a scheduled time frame necessary for completing the project. Any of the foregoing risks, if realized, could result in business development efforts failing to produce expected financial results and the project investment becoming impaired, and such failure or impairment could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Page 16 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

 ES s earnings and cash flows are dependent upon optimization of its contractual assets. ES s earnings and cash flows are based, in part, on its ability to optimize its portfolio of contractually based natural gas storage and pipeline assets. The optimization strategy involves utilizing its physical assets to take advantage of differences in natural gas prices between geographic locations and/or time periods. Any change among various pricing points could affect these differentials. In addition, significant increases in the supply of natural gas in ES s market areas, including as a result of increased production along the Marcellus Shale, can reduce ES s ability to take advantage of pricing fluctuations in the future. Changes in pricing dynamics and supply could have an adverse impact on ES s optimization activities, earnings and cash flows. ES incurs fixed demand fees to acquire its contractual rights to transportation and storage assets. Should commodity prices at various locations or time periods change in such a way that ES is not able to recoup these costs from its customers, the cash flows and earnings at ES, and ultimately the Company, could be adversely impacted. 
 
 NJNG and ES rely on storage, transportation assets and suppliers, which they do not own or control, to deliver natural gas, which may affect their ability to deliver their products and services. NJNG and ES depend on natural gas pipelines and other transportation and storage facilities owned and operated by third parties to deliver natural gas to wholesale and retail markets and to provide retail energy services to customers. Their ability to provide natural gas for their present and projected sales will depend upon their suppliers ability to obtain and deliver additional supplies of natural gas, as well as NJNG s ability to acquire supplies directly from new sources. Factors beyond the control of NJNG, its suppliers and the independent suppliers that have obligations to provide natural gas to certain NJNG customers may affect NJNG s ability to deliver such supplies. These factors include other parties control over the drilling of new wells and the facilities to transport natural gas to NJNG s citygate stations; development of additional interstate pipeline infrastructure; availability of supply sources; third-party pipelines or other midstream facilities interconnected to our gathering or transportation system, such as the TETCO or Transcontinental Pipeline, becoming partially or fully unavailable; competition for the acquisition of natural gas; priority allocations; impact of severe weather disruptions to natural gas supplies; and the regulatory and pricing policies of federal and state regulatory agencies. Energy deregulation legislation may increase competition among natural gas utilities and impact the quantities of natural gas requirements needed for sales service. ES also relies on a firm supply source to meet its energy management obligations to its customers. If supply, transportation or storage is disrupted, including for reasons of force majeure, the ability of NJNG and ES to sell and deliver their products and services may be hindered. As a result, they may be responsible for damages incurred by their customers, such as the additional cost of acquiring alternative supply at then-current market rates. Particularly for ES, these conditions could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified employee workforce could adversely affect operations. Our ability to implement our business strategy and serve our customers is dependent upon our continuing ability to attract and retain talented professionals and a technically skilled workforce, and being able to transfer the knowledge and expertise of our workforce to new employees as our aging employees retire. Failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, or the future availability and cost of contract labor could adversely affect the ability to manage and operate our business. Disputes with the Union over terms and conditions of the collective bargaining agreements could result in instability in our labor relationship and work stoppages that could impair the timely delivery of natural gas and other services from our utility and Home Services business, which could strain relationships with customers and state regulators and cause a loss of revenues that could adversely affect our results of operations. Our collective bargaining agreements may also increase the cost of employing NJNG and Home Services workforce, affect our ability to continue offering market-based salaries and employee benefits, limit our flexibility in dealing with our workforce and limit our ability to change work rules and practices and implement other efficiency-related improvements to successfully compete in today s challenging marketplace. 
 
 Our success depends upon our ability to attract, effectively transition, motivate and retain key employees and identify and develop talent to succeed senior management. We depend on senior executive officers and other key personnel to develop, implement and execute on our overall business strategy. The inability to recruit and retain or effectively transition key personnel or the unexpected loss of key personnel may adversely affect our operations. 

Page 17 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

 We may be unable to obtain governmental approvals, property rights and/or financing for the construction, development and operation of our proposed energy investments and projects in a timely manner or at all. Construction, development and operation of energy investments, such as Leaf River and other natural gas storage facilities, NJNG infrastructure improvements, pipeline transportation systems, such as the Adelphia pipeline project, and solar energy projects, are subject to federal and state regulatory oversight and require certain property rights, such as easements and rights-of-way from public and private property owners, as well as regulatory approvals, including environmental and other permits and licenses for such facilities and systems. We or our joint venture partnerships may be unable to obtain, in a cost-efficient or timely manner, all such needed property rights, permits and licenses to construct and develop our energy facilities and systems. Successful financing of our energy investments requires participation by willing financial institutions and lenders, as well as acquisition of capital at reasonable interest rates. If we do not obtain the necessary regulatory approvals or property rights, or if we are unable to enter into contracts with counterparties at reasonable rates or obtain financing, our assets or equity method investments could be impaired. Such impairment could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Weather and weather patterns, including normal seasonal and quarterly fluctuations of weather, as well as extreme weather events that, individually or in aggregate, may be associated with climate change, could adversely affect our ability to manage our operational requirements to serve our customers, and ultimately adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity. NJNG s business is seasonal, and weather patterns can have a material impact on our financial performance. Demand for natural gas is often greater in the summer and winter months associated with cooling and heating. Because natural gas is heavily used for residential and commercial heating, the demand for this product depends heavily upon weather patterns throughout our market areas, and a significant amount of natural gas revenues are recognized in the first and second quarters related to the heating season. Accordingly, our operations have historically generated less revenue and income when weather conditions are milder in the winter and cooler in the summer. Unusually mild winters or cool summers could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. In addition, exceptionally hot summer weather or unusually cold winter weather could add significantly to working capital needs to fund higher-than-normal supply purchases to meet customer demand for natural gas. While we believe the CIP mitigates the impact of weather variations on NJNG s Utility Gross Margin, severe weather conditions may have an impact on the ability of suppliers and pipelines to deliver the natural gas to NJNG, which can negatively affect our earnings. The CIP does not mitigate the impact of severe weather conditions on our cash flows. 
 
 Future results at ES are subject to volatility in the natural gas market due to weather. Variations in weather may affect earnings and working capital needs throughout the year. During periods of milder temperatures, demand and volatility in the natural gas market may decrease, which can negatively impact ES s earnings and cash flows. 
 
 Severe weather impacts, including, but not limited to, hurricanes, earthquakes, thunderstorms, high winds, microbursts, wildfires, tornadoes, blizzards and snow or ice storms, can disrupt energy generation, transmission and distribution. Extreme weather conditions, especially those of prolonged duration, create high energy demand on our own and/or other systems and increase the risk that we may be unable to reliably serve customers. Risk of losing gas supply during extreme weather carries significant consequences, as without our services our customers may be subjected to dire circumstances. Additionally, extreme weather conditions may cause the breakdown of or damage to equipment essential to the operation of our assets, and could also raise market prices as we buy short-term energy to serve our own system. To the extent the frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase our cost of providing service. In addition, we may not recover all costs related to mitigating these physical and financial risks. 
 
 There is also a concern that the physical risks of climate change could include changes in weather conditions, such as changes in the amount or type of precipitation and extreme weather events. Climate change and the costs that may be associated with its impacts have the potential to affect our business in many ways, including increasing the cost incurred in providing natural gas, impacting the demand for and consumption of natural gas (due to change in both costs and weather patterns) and affecting the economic health of the regions in which we operate. 
 
 We may be adversely impacted by natural disasters, pandemic illness, war or terrorist activities and other extreme events to which we may be unable to promptly respond. Local or national natural disasters, pandemic illness, actual or threatened acts of war or terrorist activities, including the political and economic disruption and uncertainty related to Russia s military invasion of Ukraine and conflicts in the Middle East, catastrophic failure of the interstate pipeline system and other extreme events are a threat to our assets and operations. Companies in our industry that are located in our service territory may face a heightened risk due to exposure to acts of terrorism that could target or impact our natural gas distribution, transmission and storage facilities and disrupt our operations and ability to meet customer requirements. In addition, the threat of terrorist activities could lead to increased economic instability and volatility in the price of natural gas that could affect our operations. Natural disasters, political unrest or actual or threatened terrorist activities may also disrupt capital markets and our ability to raise capital or may impact our suppliers or our customers directly. 
 
 Page 18 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

 A local disaster or pandemic illness could result in part of our workforce being unable to operate or maintain our infrastructure or perform other tasks necessary to conduct our business. In addition, these risks could result in loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental damage, impairment of our operations and substantial loss to the Company. Such uncertain conditions may also impact the ability of certain customers to pay for services, which could affect the collectability and recognition of our revenues and adversely affect our financial results. Our regulators may not allow us to recover from our customers part or all of the increased cost related to the foregoing events, which could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 A slow or inadequate response to events that could cause business interruption may have an adverse impact on operations and earnings. We may be unable to obtain sufficient insurance (or such insurance may be costly) to cover all risks associated with local and national disasters, pandemic illness, terrorist activities, catastrophic failure of the interstate pipeline system and other events, which could increase the risk that an event adversely affects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to Technologies 
 Cyberattacks, ransomware, terrorism, other malicious acts against, or failure of, information technology systems could adversely affect our business operations, financial condition and results of operations. We continue to place ever-greater reliance on technological tools that support our business operations and corporate functions, including tools that help us manage our natural gas distribution and energy trading operations and infrastructure. The failure of, or security breaches related to, these technologies could materially adversely affect our business operations, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We rely on information technology to manage our natural gas distribution and storage, energy trading and other corporate operations; maintain customer, employee, Company and vendor data; and prepare our financial statements and perform other critical business processes. This technology may fail due to cyberattack, physical disruption, design and implementation defects or human error. Disruption or failure of business operations and information technology systems could harm our facilities or otherwise adversely impact our ability to safely deliver natural gas to our customers, serve our customers effectively or manage our assets. Additionally, an attack on, or failure of, information technology systems could result in the unauthorized release of customer, employee or other confidential or sensitive data. Cyberattacks, ransomware, terrorism or other malicious acts could damage, destroy or disrupt these systems for an extended period of time. The energy sector, including natural gas utility companies, has become the subject of cyberattacks with increased frequency. 
 
 Additionally, the facilities and systems of clients, suppliers and third-party service providers could be vulnerable to the same cyber or terrorism risks as our facilities and systems, and such third-party systems may be interconnected to our systems both physically and technologically. Therefore, an event caused by cyberattacks, ransomware or other malicious acts at an interconnected third party could impact our business and facilities. Any failure or unexpected or unauthorized use of technology systems could result in the unavailability of such systems, and could result in a loss of operating revenues, an increase in operating expenses and costs to repair or replace damaged assets. Any of the above could also result in the loss or release of confidential customer and/or employee information or other proprietary data that could adversely affect our reputation and competitiveness, could result in costly litigation and could negatively impact our results of operations. These cyberattacks have become more common and sophisticated and, as such, we could be required to incur costs to strengthen our systems and respond to emerging concerns. 
 
 There is no guarantee that redundancies built into our networks and technology, or the procedures we have implemented to protect against cyberattacks and other unauthorized access to secured data, will guarantee protection against all failures of technology or security breaches. Furthermore, despite our efforts to investigate, improve and remediate the capability and performance of our information technology system, we may not be able to discover all weaknesses, breaches and vulnerabilities, and failure to do so may expose us to higher risk of data loss and adversely affect our business operations and results of operations. 
 
 Failure to keep pace with technological change may limit customer growth and have an adverse effect on our operations. Advances in technology and changes in laws or regulations are reducing the cost of alternative methods of producing and/or consuming energy. In addition, customers are increasingly expecting enhanced communications regarding their electric and natural gas services, which, in some cases, may involve additional investments in technology. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and successfully adapt to technological changes and to offer services that meet customer demand. Failure to adapt to advances in technology and manage the related costs could make us less competitive and negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Page 19 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

 Risks Related to Regulations and Litigation 
 We are subject to governmental regulation. Compliance with current and future regulatory requirements and procurement of necessary approvals, permits and certificates may result in substantial costs to us. We are subject to substantial regulation from federal, state and local authorities. We are required to comply with numerous laws and regulations and to obtain numerous authorizations, permits, approvals and certificates from governmental agencies. These agencies regulate various aspects of our business, including customer rates, services, construction and natural gas pipeline operations. 
 
 FERC has regulatory authority over some of our operations, including sales of natural gas in the wholesale and retail markets and the purchase and sale of interstate pipeline and storage capacity, including Steckman Ridge, Leaf River and Adelphia. Any Congressional legislation or agency regulation that would alter these or other similar statutory and regulatory structures in a way to significantly raise costs that could not be recovered in rates from customers, that would reduce the availability of supply or capacity or that would reduce our competitiveness could negatively impact our earnings. In addition, changes in and compliance with laws such as the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty and Job Creation Act of 2011 could increase federal regulatory oversight and administrative costs that may not be recovered in rates from customers, which could have an adverse effect on our earnings. 
 
 We cannot predict the impact of any future revisions or changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and applicable regulations. Changes in regulations or the imposition of additional regulations could influence our operating environment and may result in substantial costs to us. 
 
 Our regulated operations are subject to certain operating risks incidental to handling, storing, transporting and providing customers with natural gas. Our regulated operations are subject to all operating hazards and risks incidental to handling, storing, transporting and providing customers with natural gas, including our natural gas vehicle refueling stations and LNG facilities. These risks include catastrophic failure of the interstate pipeline system, explosions, pollution, release of toxic substances, fires, storms, safety issues and other adverse weather conditions and hazards, each of which could result in damage to or destruction of facilities or damage to persons and property. We could suffer substantial losses should any of these events occur. Although we maintain insurance coverage, insurance may not be sufficient to cover all material expenses related to these risks, and such insurance may be costly. 
 
 We are involved in legal or administrative proceedings before various courts and governmental bodies that could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In the ordinary conduct of business, we are involved in legal or administrative proceedings before various courts and governmental bodies with respect to general claims, rates, permitting, taxes, environmental issues, natural gas cost prudence reviews and other matters. Adverse decisions regarding these matters, to the extent they require us to make payments in excess of amounts provided for in our financial statements or are not covered by insurance or indemnity rights, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 
 Our costs of compliance with present and future environmental laws are significant and could adversely affect our cash flows and profitability. Our operations are subject to federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources and site remediation. Compliance with these laws and regulations may require us to expend financial resources to, among other things, conduct site remediation and perform environmental monitoring. If we fail to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, even if we are unable to do so due to factors beyond our control, we may be subject to civil liabilities or criminal penalties and may be required to incur expenditures to come into compliance. Additionally, any alleged violations of environmental laws and regulations may require us to expend resources in our defense against alleged violations. 
 
 Furthermore, the U.S. Congress has for some time been considering various forms of climate change legislation. In addition, in July 2019, the State of New Jersey amended the GWRA, which targets 80 reduction in greenhouse gas emissions below 2006 levels economy-wide by 2050. In January 2020, New Jersey released the EMP confirming its commitment to achieve 100 clean energy by 2050, and the GWRA mandate of reducing state greenhouse gas emissions. The EMP addressed New Jersey s energy system, including electric generation, transportation and buildings, and their associated greenhouse gas emissions and related air pollutants. The EMP defines 100 clean energy by 2050 to mean 100 carbon-neutral electric generation and maximum electrification of the transportation and building sectors, which are the greatest carbon emission-producing sectors in the state, to meet or exceed the GWRA emissions reductions by 2050. Our goals, to reduce our New Jersey operational emissions by 60 from 2006 levels by 2030 and to achieve net-zero carbon emissions from our New Jersey operations by 2050, may require additional technological, legislative and regulatory developments, the impacts and costs of which may not be fully known at this time. 

Page 20 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

 While the EMP does not place a moratorium or end date on natural gas hook ups, further legislation or rulemaking that de-emphasizes the role of natural gas in providing clean, low-cost energy in the state of New Jersey could put upward pressure on natural gas prices and place customer growth targets at risk. Higher cost levels could impact the competitive position of natural gas and negatively affect our growth opportunities, cash flows and earnings. 
 In February 2023, the Governor of New Jersey issued two executive orders that established, or accelerated, previously established 2050 targets for clean-sourced electricity and electric heat pump adoption, with target dates of 2030 or 2035, as applicable. An additional executive order opened a proceeding to plan for the future of natural gas utilities in New Jersey. We are unable to predict the outcomes of these proceedings, but they could have a material impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Risks related to regulation could affect the rates we are able to charge, various costs and our profitability. NJNG is subject to regulation by federal, state and local authorities. These authorities regulate many aspects of NJNG s distribution and transmission operations, including construction and maintenance of facilities, operations, safety, tariff rates that NJNG can charge customers, rates of return, the authorized cost of capital, recovery of pipeline replacement, environmental remediation costs and relationships with its affiliates. NJNG s ability to timely construct rate-based assets and obtain rate increases, including base rate increases, continue its BGSS incentive and CIP programs and maintain its currently authorized rates of return may be impacted by events, including regulatory or legislative actions. Additionally, in fiscal 2019, NJR began the process of transitioning away from its enterprise platform, which will no longer receive extended support after 2025. The first phase of IT enhancements and upgrades were placed into service in July 2020. The remaining phases of planned upgrades relate to work order and asset management and customer information systems and experience, which are expected to require significant capital investment. There can be no assurance that NJNG will be able to obtain rate increases and continue its BGSS incentive, CIP, RAC, or SAVEGREEN programs and IT upgrades and enhancements or continue to earn its currently authorized rates of return. 
 
 Adelphia is subject to regulation by FERC. FERC regulates many aspects of Adelphia s transmission operations, including construction and maintenance of facilities, operations, safety tariff rates that Adelphia can charge customers, rates of return, the authorized cost of capital, recovery of pipeline replacement and relations with its affiliates. Adelphia s ability to obtain rate increases and maintain its currently authorized rates of return may be impacted by events, including regulatory or legislative actions. There can be no assurance that Adelphia will be able to obtain rate increases or continue to earn its currently authorized rate of return. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Markets 
 Major changes in the supply and price of natural gas may affect financial results. While NJRES and NJNG expect to meet customers demand for natural gas for the foreseeable future, factors affecting suppliers and other third parties, including the inability to develop additional interstate pipeline infrastructure, lack of supply sources, increased competition, further deregulation, transportation costs, possible climate change legislation, energy efficiency mandates or changes in consumer behaviors, transportation availability and drilling for new natural gas resources, may impact the supply and price of natural gas. In addition, any significant disruption in the availability of supplies of natural gas could result in increased supply costs, higher prices for customers and potential supply disruptions to customers. 
 
 NJRES and NJNG actively hedge against the fluctuation in the price of natural gas by entering into forward and financial contracts with third parties. Should these third parties fail to perform, and regulators not allow the pass-through of expended funds to customers, it may result in a loss that could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Supply chain disruptions may adversely affect Company operations. The Company relies on third-party vendors and manufacturers to supply many of the materials necessary for its operations. Global logistics disruptions have impacted the flow of materials and restricted global trade flows. Manufacturers are competing for a limited supply of key commodities and logistical capacity, which has impacted lead times, pricing, supply and demand. Disruptions or delays in receiving materials; price increases from suppliers or manufacturers; or the inability to source needed materials, which has occurred and could reoccur, could adversely affect the Company s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Page 21 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

 Changes in customer growth may affect earnings and cash flows. NJNG s ability to increase its Utility Gross Margin is dependent upon the new construction housing market, as well as the conversion of customers to natural gas from other fuel sources. During periods of extended economic downturns, prolonged weakness in housing markets or slowdowns in the conversion market, there could be an adverse impact on NJNG s Utility Gross Margin, earnings and cash flows. Furthermore, while our estimates regarding customer growth are based in part upon information from third parties, the estimates have not been verified by an independent source and are subject to the aforementioned risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to materially deviate from the estimates. 
 
 Our economic hedging activities that are designed to protect against commodity and financial market risks, including the use of derivative contracts in the normal course of our business, may cause fluctuations in reported financial results and financial losses that negatively impact results of operations and our stock price. We use derivatives, including futures, forwards, options, and swaps, to manage commodity and financial market risks. The timing of the recognition of gains or losses associated with our economic hedges in accordance with GAAP does not always coincide with the gains or losses on the items being hedged. The difference in accounting can result in volatility in reported results, even though the expected profit margin is essentially unchanged from the dates the transactions were consummated. 
 
 In addition, we could recognize financial losses on these contracts as a result of volatility in the market values of the underlying commodities or if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract. In the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these financial instruments can involve management s judgment or use of estimates. As a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could adversely affect the value of the reported fair value of these contracts. 
 
 We are exposed to market risk and may incur losses in our wholesale business. Our transportation and storage portfolios consist of contracts to transport and store natural gas. The value of our transportation and storage portfolio could be negatively impacted if the value of these contracts changes in a direction or manner that we do not anticipate. In addition, upon expiration of these transportation and storage contracts, to the extent that they are renewed or replaced at less favorable terms, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 
 Inflation and increased natural gas costs could adversely impact our customer base and customer collections and increase the Company s level of indebtedness. Inflation has caused, and may continue to cause, increases in certain operating and capital costs. Our regulated businesses have a process in place to review the adequacy of their rates in relation to the increasing cost of providing service and the inherent regulatory lag in adjusting those rates. The ability to control expenses is an important factor that will influence future results. 
 
 Rapid increases in the price of purchased gas may cause the Company to experience a significant increase in short-term debt because it must pay suppliers for gas when it is purchased, which can be significantly in advance of when these costs may be recovered through the collection from customers and counterparties for gas delivered. Increases in purchased gas costs could also slow collection efforts as NJNG customers may be more likely to delay the payment of their gas bills, leading to higher-than-normal accounts receivable. This situation could also result in higher short-term debt levels and increased bad debt expense. 
 
 Risks Related to Acquisition and Investment Strategies 
 Any acquisitions that we may undertake involve risks and uncertainties. We may not realize the anticipated synergies, cost savings and growth opportunities as a result of these transactions. The integration of acquisitions requires significant time and resources. Investments of resources are required to support any acquisition, which could result in significant ongoing operating expenses, and we may experience challenges when combining separate business cultures, information technology systems and employees, and those challenges may divert senior management s time and attention. If we fail to successfully integrate assets and liabilities through the entities which we acquire, we may not fully realize all of the growth opportunities, benefits expected from the transaction, cost savings and other synergies and, as a result, the fair value of assets acquired could be impaired. We assess long-lived assets, including intangible assets associated with acquisitions, for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that an asset s carrying amount may not be recoverable. To the extent the value of long-lived assets becomes impaired, the impairment charges could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The benefits that we expect to achieve from acquisitions will depend, in part, on our ability to realize anticipated growth opportunities and other synergies with our existing businesses. The success of these transactions will depend on our ability to integrate these transactions within our existing businesses in a timely and seamless manner. Even if we are able to complete an integration successfully, we may not fully realize all the growth opportunities, cost savings and other synergies that we expect. 

Page 22 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

 Investing through partnerships or joint ventures decreases our ability to manage risk. We have utilized joint ventures through partnerships for certain S T investments. Although we currently have no specific plans to do so, we may acquire interests in other joint ventures or partnerships in the future. In these joint ventures or partnerships, we may not have the right or power to direct the management and policies of the joint ventures or partnerships, and other participants or investors may take action contrary to our instructions or requests and against our policies and objectives. In addition, the other participants may become bankrupt or have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with those of NJR and our subsidiaries and affiliates. Our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be harmed if a joint venture participant acts contrary to our interests. 
 
 Risks Related to Credit and Liquidity 
 NJR is a holding company and depends on its operating subsidiaries to meet its financial obligations. NJR is a holding company with no significant assets other than possible cash investments and the stock of its operating subsidiaries. We rely exclusively on dividends from our subsidiaries, on intercompany loans from our unregulated subsidiaries and on the repayments of principal and interest from intercompany loans and reimbursement of expenses from our subsidiaries for our cash flows. Our ability to pay dividends on our common stock and to pay principal and interest on our outstanding debt depends on the payment of dividends to us by our subsidiaries or the repayment of loans to us by our subsidiaries. The extent to which our subsidiaries are unable to pay dividends or repay funds to us may adversely affect our ability to pay dividends to holders of our common stock and principal and interest to holders of our debt. 
 
 Credit rating downgrades could increase financing costs, limit access to the financial markets and negatively affect NJR and its subsidiaries. Rating agencies Moody s and Fitch currently rate NJNG s debt as investment grade. If such ratings are downgraded below investment grade, borrowing costs could increase, as would the costs of maintaining certain contractual relationships and obtaining future financing. Even if ratings are downgraded without falling below investment grade, NJR and NJNG could face increased borrowing costs under their current and future credit facilities. Our ability to borrow and costs of borrowing have a direct impact on our subsidiaries ability to execute their operating strategies, particularly in the case of NJNG, which relies heavily upon capital expenditures financed by its credit facility. 
 
 If we suffer a reduction in our credit and borrowing capacity or in our ability to issue parental guarantees, the business prospects of ES, CEV and S T, which rely on our creditworthiness, would be adversely affected. ES could possibly be required to comply with various margin or other credit enhancement obligations under its trading and marketing contracts, and it may be unable to continue to trade or be able to do so only on less favorable terms with certain counterparties. CEV could be required to seek alternative financing for its projects and may be unable to obtain such financing or able to do so only on less favorable terms. 
 
 Additionally, lower credit ratings could adversely affect relationships with NJNG s state regulators, who may be unwilling to allow NJNG to pass along increased costs to its natural gas customers. 
 
 If we are unable to access the financial markets or there are adverse conditions in the equity or credit markets, including, but not limited to, inflationary pressures, recessionary pressures or rising interest rates, it could affect management s ability to execute our business plans. We rely on access to both short-term and long-term credit markets as significant sources of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by our cash flow from operations. Any deterioration in our financial condition could hamper our ability to access the equity or credit markets or otherwise obtain debt financing on terms favorable to us or at all. In addition, because certain state regulatory approvals may be necessary for NJNG to incur debt, NJNG may be unable to access credit markets on a timely basis. 
 
 General economic factors beyond our control might create uncertainty that could increase our cost of capital or impair or eliminate our ability to access the debt, equity or credit markets, including our ability to draw on bank credit facilities. External events could also increase the cost of borrowing or adversely affect our ability to access the financial markets. Such external events could include the following: 
 economic weakness and/or political instability in the U.S. or in the regions where we operate; 
 political conditions, such as a shutdown of the U.S. federal government; 
 financial difficulties of unrelated energy companies; 
 capital market conditions generally; 
 volatility in the equity markets; 
 market prices for natural gas; 
 the overall health of the natural gas utility industry; and 
 fluctuations in interest rates and increased borrowing costs. 

Page 23 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

 Failure by NJR and/or NJNG to comply with debt covenants may impact our financial condition. Our long-term debt obligations contain financial covenants related to debt-to-capital ratios. These debt obligations also contain provisions that put limitations on our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to expand or pursue certain business activities. For example, certain of these agreements contain provisions that, among other things, put limitations on our ability to make loans or investments, make material changes to the nature of our businesses, merge, consolidate or engage in asset sales, grant liens or make negative pledges. Furthermore, the debt obligations and our sale leaseback agreements contain covenants and other provisions requiring us to provide timely delivery of accurate financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The failure to comply with any of these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of outstanding debt obligations and/or the inability to borrow under existing revolving credit facilities and term loans. We have relied, and continue to rely, upon short-term bank borrowings or commercial paper supported by our revolving credit facilities to finance the execution of a portion of our operating strategies. NJNG is dependent on these capital sources to purchase its natural gas supply and maintain its properties. The acceleration of our outstanding debt obligations and our inability to borrow under the existing revolving credit facilities would cause a material adverse change in NJR s and NJNG s financial condition. 
 
 Our ability to secure short-term financing is subject to conditions in the credit markets. A prolonged constriction of credit availability could affect management s ability to execute our business plan. An inability to access capital may limit our ability to pursue improvements or acquisitions that we may otherwise rely on for both current operations and future growth. ES and NJNG execute derivative transactions with financial institutions as a part of their economic hedging strategy and could incur losses associated with the inability of a financial counterparty to meet or perform under its obligations as a result of adverse conditions in the credit markets or their ability to access capital or post collateral. 
 
 Risks Related to Tax and Accounting Matters 
 The cost of providing pension and postemployment health care benefits to employees and eligible former employees is subject to changes in pension fund values, interest rates and changing demographics and may have a material adverse effect on our financial results. We have two defined benefit pension plans and two OPEB plans for the benefit of eligible full-time employees and qualified retirees, which were closed to all employees hired on or after January 1, 2012. The cost of providing these benefits to eligible current and former employees is subject to changes in the market value of the pension and OPEB fund assets, changing discount rates and changing actuarial assumptions based upon demographics, including longer life expectancy of beneficiaries, an expected increase in the number of eligible former employees over the next five years, impacts from healthcare legislation and increases in health care costs. 
 
 Significant declines in equity markets and/or reductions in bond yields can have a material adverse effect on the funded status of our pension and OPEB plans. In these circumstances, we may be required to recognize increased pension and OPEB expenses and/or be required to make additional cash contributions into the plans. 
 
 The funded status of these plans, and the related cost reflected in our financial statements, are affected by various factors that are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. Under the Pension Protection Act of 2006, losses of asset values may necessitate increased funding of the plans in the future to meet minimum federal government requirements. A significant decrease in the asset values of these plans can result in funding obligations earlier than we had originally planned, which would have a negative impact on cash flows from operations, decrease our borrowing capacity and increase our interest expense. 
 
 Changes in tax laws, rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examinations by tax authorities may negatively affect our results of operations, net income, financial condition and cash flows. We are subject to taxation and audit by various taxing authorities at the federal, state and local levels. We cannot predict how our federal and state regulators will apply such tax changes in our future rates. While we believe we comply with all applicable tax laws, rules and regulations in the relevant jurisdictions, tax authorities may elect to audit us and determine that we owe additional taxes, which could result in a significant increase in our liabilities for taxes, interest and penalties in excess of our accrued liabilities. 
 
 New tax legislative initiatives may be proposed from time to time, such as proposals for comprehensive tax reform in the U.S., which may impact our effective tax rate and which could adversely affect our tax positions or tax liabilities. Any revaluation of our deferred tax attributes that may be required in the future could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Page 24 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS (Continued) 

 Significant regulatory assets recorded by our regulated companies could be disallowed for recovery from customers in the future. NJNG records regulatory assets on its financial statements to reflect the ratemaking and regulatory decision-making authority of the BPU as allowed by GAAP. The creation of a regulatory asset allows for the deferral of costs, which, absent a mechanism to recover such costs from customers in rates approved by the BPU, would be charged to expense on its income statement in the period incurred. Primary regulatory assets that are subject to BPU approval include the recovery of BGSS and USF costs, remediation costs associated with NJNG s MGP sites, CIP, NJCEP, economic stimulus plans, certain deferred income taxes and pension and OPEB. If there were to be a change in regulatory positions surrounding the collection of these deferred costs, there could be a material impact on NJNG s existing tariff or a future base rate case, as well as our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Adelphia records regulatory assets on its financial statements to reflect the ratemaking and regulatory decision-making authority of FERC as allowed by GAAP. The creation of a regulatory asset allows for the deferral of costs, which, absent a mechanism to recover such costs from customers in rates approved by FERC, would be recorded as a charge to earnings on its Statement of Operations in the period incurred. If there were to be a change in regulatory positions surrounding the collection of these deferred costs, there could be a material impact on Adelphia s existing rates or a future rate case, as well as our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to Takeovers 
 Our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, and amended and restated bylaws may delay or prevent a transaction that shareowners would view as favorable. Our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, and amended and restated bylaws, as well as New Jersey law, contain provisions that could delay, defer or prevent an unsolicited change in control of NJR, which may negatively affect the market price of our common stock or the ability of stockholders to participate in a transaction in which they might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over the then-current market price. These provisions may also prevent changes in management. In addition, our Board is authorized to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval on such terms as our Board may determine. Our common shareowners will be subject to, and may be negatively affected by, the rights of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. In addition, we are subject to the New Jersey Shareholders Protection Act, which could delay or prevent a change of control of NJR. 
 
 We may also be subject to actions or proposals from activist investors or others that may not be aligned with our long-term strategy or the interests of our other stockholders. This may interfere with our ability to execute our strategic plans, cause uncertainty with our regulators and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel. Moreover, our stock price could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties of any investor activism. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None 

ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 
 Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 

The Company s Enterprise Risk Assessment process, performed by management annually, is designed to identify significant risks relevant to the Company and to determine both their potential impacts and the rate at which the risk may manifest. Cybersecurity is among the top tier risks identified in our risk assessment. Risk mitigation efforts are embedded in the Company s operating procedures, internal controls and information systems. 
 
 The Company periodically examines its cybersecurity measures, including information technology controls, information security maturity assessments and operating effectiveness. These assessments can be performed through third-party assessments, penetration tests or internal assessments. Assessment results are reported to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, and the Company may make modifications to its cybersecurity policies, standards, processes and practices as necessary based on the information provided by these assessments and reviews. 

Page 25 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY (Continued) 

 Key components of our cybersecurity risk management program include: 
 risk assessments designed to help identify cybersecurity risks to our critical systems, information, services and broader technology environment; 
 the use of external service providers with specific expertise, where appropriate, to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of our security processes; 
 evaluating, and where appropriate, implementing effective, up-to-date technologies and processes to enhance our cybersecurity capabilities; 
 mandatory cybersecurity awareness training for our employees, including incident response personnel and senior management, as well as periodic experiential learning through phishing simulations; 
 risk assessments of third-party suppliers and incorporating cybersecurity contractual stipulations in our supplier contracts if deemed necessary; 
 physical security around sensitive infrastructure and critical cyber systems; and 
 intelligence sharing about emerging threats through collaboration with peer companies and government intelligence agencies. 
 
 Enterprise-wide, proactive cybersecurity risk mitigation is imperative to the Company. The Company s cybersecurity efforts and programs align with the National Institute of Standards and Technology s Cybersecurity Framework and meet or exceed the requirements set forth by the BPU. We also utilize the Cybersecurity Capability Maturity Model, or C2M2, from the U.S. Department of Energy to evaluate and improve our cybersecurity processes and programs for our critical infrastructure. 
 
 The information set forth under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to Technologies of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is hereby incorporated by reference. As of , 2024 , our financial position, results of operations, cash flows or business strategy have not been materially affected by risks from cybersecurity threats. However, the Company cannot provide assurance that we will not be materially affected in the future by such risks or any future material incidents. 
 
 Cybersecurity Governance 

Cybersecurity risk oversight is a responsibility of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors, through the Audit Committee, provides oversight for matters related to the security of information technology systems and procedures, including data privacy and cybersecurity and related risks. 
 
 The Audit Committee oversees the Company s security risk management practices, including overseeing the practices, procedures, and controls that management uses to identify, assess, respond to, remediate, and mitigate risks related to cybersecurity. Senior leadership, including the Senior Vice President and CIO, updates the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors at least quarterly regarding cybersecurity risks, strategies and policies. 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for identifying, managing and mitigating cybersecurity risk and communicating cybersecurity risks facing the Company to the Audit Committee and Board of Directors. 
 
 As part of its cybersecurity risk management program, the Company leverages its cybersecurity organization, led by the Company s Managing Director of Information Security, to design and implement cybersecurity controls and to assess and report on cybersecurity risks. Members of the cybersecurity organization hold relevant degrees or industry-recognized certifications in cybersecurity, with relevant work experience in various roles involving managing information security, developing cybersecurity strategy and implementing effective information and cybersecurity programs. The members of the cybersecurity organization are expected to keep their knowledge, skills and training current by participating in industry events and continuing education programs as applicable. 
 
 The Company also maintains an internal Cyber Resiliency Committee, which includes members of senior management from Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Enterprise Risk Management, Internal Audit, Corporate Communications, Legal, Finance and Corporate Physical Security. The Managing Director of Information Security chairs this committee, which is responsible for the following: 
 establishing cybersecurity policies and standards that align with our corporate objectives and regulatory requirements; 
 monitoring compliance with cybersecurity policies and standards across the organization; 
 ensuring that cybersecurity strategies are integrated with the organization s overall governance structure; 
 reviewing and approving significant cybersecurity investments and initiatives; 
 providing guidance on cybersecurity risk tolerance levels and ensuring that cybersecurity risks are communicated to the Audit Committee and Board of Directors; and 
 facilitating cross-departmental collaboration to address cybersecurity challenges and responses. 
 Page 26 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY (Continued) 

 Through this ongoing engagement with these internal teams and certain third-party service providers, our CIO and our Managing Director of Information Security monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity threats and incidents and report on cybersecurity incidents. The Company has a notification process in our incident response plan that contains requirements for timely notification to senior management by the CIO and to the Board of Directors by the CEO for incidents that reach established thresholds as well as procedures for external reporting. 
 
 The Company s Managing Director of Information Security has more than 25 years of cybersecurity experience throughout various industries, including the utility sector, and reports directly to the Company s Senior Vice President and CIO. The Senior Vice President and CIO, who has over 30 years of work experience in the information technology field, is responsible for the Company s information technology program and oversees the management and development of all business technology and security for the Company and its subsidiaries. The Senior Vice President and CIO is also responsible for compliance with applicable federal standards and critical infrastructure protection and reports to the Company s President and CEO. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Natural Gas Distribution 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, NJNG owns approximately 7,425 miles of distribution main, 7,868 miles of service main and 244 miles of transmission main, and operates more than 600,000 meters. Mains are primarily located under public roads. Where mains are located under private property, NJNG has obtained easements from the owners of record. 
 
 Additionally, NJNG owns and operates two LNG storage plants in Stafford Township, Ocean County and Howell Township, Monmouth County. The two LNG plants have an aggregate estimated maximum capacity of approximately 170,000 Dths per day and 1 Bcf of total capacity. These facilities are used for peaking natural gas supply and for emergencies. NJNG s Liquefaction facility is also located on the Howell Township property and allows NJNG to convert natural gas into LNG to fill NJNG s existing LNG storage tanks. A Power-to-Gas System is also located at the LNG plant in Howell Township that uses solar power to produce hydrogen and then injects it into the natural gas system. It consists primarily of an electrolyzer unit, an electrical and instrumentation building and small hydrogen storage tank, along with other supporting systems. 
 
 NJNG owns five service centers located in Rockaway Township, Morris County; Atlantic Highlands and Wall Township, Monmouth County; and Lakewood and Stafford Township, Ocean County. These service centers house storerooms, garages, natural gas distribution and administrative offices. NJNG leases a customer service office in Asbury Park, Monmouth County. These customer service offices support customer contact, marketing, economic development and other functions. NJNG also owns its headquarters and customer service facilities in Wall Township, Monmouth County and a training facility in Howell Township, Monmouth County to support the technical training of its employees. 
 
 Substantially all of NJNG s properties not expressly excepted or duly released are subject to the lien of the Mortgage Indenture as security for NJNG s mortgage bonds, which totaled 1.6B as of September 30, 2024. In addition, under the terms of the Mortgage Indenture, NJNG had capacity to issue up to 1.4B of additional FMBs as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Clean Energy Ventures 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, CEV has various solar contracts, including lease agreements and easements, allowing the installation, operation and maintenance of solar equipment and access to the various properties, including commercial and residential rooftops throughout the State of New Jersey. In addition to the lease agreements and easements, CEV owns solar projects with a total of 477 MW of capacity in Connecticut, Indiana, Michigan, New Jersey, New York, and Rhode Island, and 79.5 acres of land in Vineland, 14.4 acres of land in Upper Deerfield Township and 101.8 acres of land in Fairfield Township, Cumberland County, New Jersey. CEV also leases office space in Wall Township, New Jersey. 
 
 Energy Services 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, ES leases office space in Wall Township, New Jersey. 
 
 Storage and Transportation 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, Adelphia owns approximately 32.71 acres of land in Bucks County, 11.1 acres in Delaware County, 121.1 acres in Northampton County and 44.9 acres in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania and leases office space in Wall Township, New Jersey. Leaf River owns 3.5 acres of land in Clarke County, 158.5 acres in Jasper County, 36.5 acres and a 5,000 square foot building in Smith County, Mississippi and leases office space in Houston, Texas. 
 Page 27 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part I 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES (Continued) 

 All Other Business Operations 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, CR R s real estate portfolio consists of 23.1 acres of undeveloped land in Atlantic County, New Jersey. NJRHS leases service centers in Dover and Wall Township, New Jersey. NJR Service Corporation leased office space in Red Bank, New Jersey, which expired April 30, 2024. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Manufactured Gas Plant Remediation 
 
 NJNG is responsible for the remedial cleanup of certain former MGP sites, dating back to gas operations in the late 1800s and early 1900s, which contain contaminated residues from former gas manufacturing operations. NJNG is currently involved in administrative proceedings with the NJDEP, and participating in various studies and investigations by outside consultants, to determine the nature and extent of any such contaminated residues and to develop appropriate programs of remedial action, where warranted, under NJDEP regulations. 
 
 NJNG periodically, and at least annually, performs an environmental review of former MGP sites located in Atlantic Highlands, Berkeley, Long Branch, Manchester, Toms River, Freehold and Aberdeen, New Jersey, including a review of potential liability for investigation and remedial action. NJNG estimated at the time of the most recent review that total future expenditures at the former MGP sites for which it is responsible, including potential liabilities for natural resource damages that might be brought by the NJDEP for alleged injury to groundwater or other natural resources concerning these sites, will range from approximately 130.9M to 194.6M. NJNG s estimate of these liabilities is based upon known facts, existing technology and enacted laws and regulations in place when the review was completed. Where it is probable that costs will be incurred, and the information is sufficient to establish a range of possible liability, NJNG accrues the most likely amount in the range. If no point within the range is more likely than the other, it is NJNG s policy to accrue the lower end of the range. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2024, NJNG recorded a MGP remediation liability and a corresponding regulatory asset of approximately 161.7M on the Consolidated Balance Sheets based on the most likely amount. The actual costs to be incurred by NJNG are dependent upon several factors, including final determination of remedial action, changing technologies and governmental regulations, the ultimate ability of other responsible parties to pay and insurance recoveries, if any. NJNG recovers its remediation expenditures, including carrying costs, over rolling seven-year periods pursuant to a RAC approved by the BPU. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, 77.5M of previously incurred remediation costs, net of recoveries from customers and insurance proceeds, are included in regulatory assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. NJNG will continue to seek recovery of MGP-related costs through the RAC. If any future regulatory position indicates that the recovery of such costs is not probable, the related non-recoverable costs would be charged to income in the period of such determination. 
 
 General 
 
 The foregoing statements about NJR s litigation are based upon the Company s judgments, assumptions and estimates and are necessarily subjective and uncertain. The Company is involved, and from time to time in the future may be involved, in a number of pending and threatened judicial, regulatory and arbitration proceedings at various stages relating to matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of litigation matters, particularly when such matters are in their early stages or where the claimants seek indeterminate damages, the Company cannot state with confidence what the eventual outcome of the pending litigation will be, what the timing of the ultimate resolution of these matters will be or what the eventual loss, fines or penalties related to each pending matter will be, if any. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, NJR establishes accruals for litigation for those matters that present loss contingencies as to which it is both probable that a loss will be incurred, and the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated. NJR also discloses contingent matters for which there is a reasonable possibility of a loss. Based upon currently available information, NJR believes that the results of litigation that are currently pending, taken together, will not have a materially adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The actual results of resolving the pending litigation matters may be substantially different from the amounts accrued. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable 
 Page 28 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 NJR s Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol NJR. As of November 7, 2024, NJR had 81,251 holders of record of its common stock. Dividends are subject to declaration by the Board of Directors. In September 2024, the Board of Directors declared dividends payable October 1, 2024 of 0.45 per share of common stock to shareowners of record on September 23, 2024. We review our dividend policy on a regular basis. Although subject to any contractual or regulatory restrictions or other limitations on the payment of dividends, future dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon earnings, financial condition and other factors. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 The performance graph and table below illustrates a five-year comparison of cumulative total returns based on an initial investment of 100 in our common stock, as compared with the S P 500 Stock Index, the S P 500 Utilities Industry Index and the customized peer company group listed below, referred to herein as the Peer Group. The Peer Group companies were selected based on similarities to the Company s business model, size and other growth and business factors. 
 
 Cumulative Total Return 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 NJR 100.00 62.22 83.03 95.61 103.75 125.26 S P 500 Utilities 100.00 95.03 105.49 111.38 103.56 146.87 S P 500 100.00 115.15 149.70 126.54 153.89 209.83 Peer Group 100.00 76.86 83.84 93.64 90.75 118.98 
 
 The nine companies in the Peer Group are: Atmos Energy Corporation; Avista Corporation; Black Hills Corporation; National Fuel Gas Company; NiSource Inc.; Northwest Natural Holding Company; ONE Gas, Inc.; Southwest Gas Corporation; and Spire Inc. This performance graph and accompanying information shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any of the Company s filings under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 
 In 1996, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to implement a share repurchase program, which has been expanded seven times since the inception of the program, authorizing a total of 19.5M shares of common stock for repurchase. The share repurchase plan allows us to purchase our outstanding shares on the open market or in negotiated transactions, based on market and other conditions. We are not required to purchase any specific number of shares and may discontinue or suspend the program at any time. The share repurchase plan will expire when we have repurchased all shares authorized for repurchase thereunder, unless it is terminated earlier by action of our Board of Directors or additional shares are authorized for repurchase. NJR had no repurchase activity for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 Page 29 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 We prepare our financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Application of these accounting principles requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingencies during the reporting period. We regularly evaluate our estimates, including those related to the calculation of the fair value of derivative instruments, acquisitions, regulatory assets, income taxes, pension and postemployment benefits other than pensions and contingencies related to environmental matters and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. In the normal course of business, estimated amounts are subsequently adjusted to actual results that may differ from estimates. 
 
 Regulatory Accounting 
 
 NJNG and Adelphia are subject to accounting requirements resulting from the effects of rate regulation. Specifically, NJNG and Adelphia record regulatory assets when it is considered probable that certain operating costs will be recoverable from customers in future periods and record regulatory liabilities when it is probable that future obligations to customers exist. 
 
 Regulatory decisions can have an impact on the recovery of costs, the rate of return earned on investment and the timing and amount of assets to be recovered by rates. For NJNG, the BPU s regulation of rates is premised on the full recovery of prudently incurred costs and a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. Decisions to be made by the BPU in the future will impact the accounting for regulated operations, including decisions about the amount of allowable costs and return on invested capital included in rates and any refunds that may be required. If the BPU indicates that recovery of all or a portion of a regulatory asset is not probable or does not allow for recovery of and a reasonable return on investments in property, plant and equipment, a charge to income would be made in the period of such determination. 
 
 Environmental Costs 
 
 At the end of each fiscal year, NJNG, with the assistance of an independent consulting firm, updates the environmental review of its MGP sites, including its potential liability for investigation and remedial action. From this review, NJNG estimates expenditures necessary to remediate and monitor these MGP sites. NJNG s estimate of these liabilities is developed from then-currently available facts, existing technology and current laws and regulations. 
 
 In accordance with accounting standards for contingencies, NJNG s policy is to record a liability when it is probable that the cost will be incurred and can be reasonably estimated. NJNG will determine a range of liabilities and will record the most likely amount. If no point within the range is more likely than any other, NJNG will accrue the lower end of the range. Since we believe that recovery of these expenditures, as well as related litigation costs, is probable through the regulatory process, we record a regulatory asset corresponding to the related accrued liability. Accordingly, NJNG records an MGP remediation liability and a corresponding regulatory asset on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, which is based on the most likely amount. 
 
 The actual costs to be incurred by NJNG are dependent upon several factors, including final determination of remedial action, changing technologies and governmental regulations and the ultimate ability of other responsible parties to pay, as well as the potential impact of any litigation and any insurance recoveries. Previously incurred remediation costs, net of recoveries from customers and insurance proceeds received, are included in regulatory assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 If there are changes in the regulatory position surrounding these costs, or should actual expenditures vary significantly from estimates in that these costs are disallowed for recovery by the BPU, such costs would be charged to income in the period of such determination. See the Legal Proceedings section in Note 14. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities for more details. 
 
 Page 30 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Postemployment Employee Benefits 
 
 Our costs of providing postemployment employee benefits are dependent upon numerous factors, including actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience. Postemployment employee benefit costs are affected by actual employee demographics including age, compensation levels and employment periods, the level of contributions made to the plans, changes in long-term interest rates and the return on plan assets. Changes made to the provisions of the plans or healthcare legislation may also impact current and future postemployment employee benefit costs. Postemployment employee benefit costs may also be significantly affected by changes in key actuarial assumptions, including anticipated rates of return on plan assets, changes in mortality tables, health care cost trends and discount rates used in determining the PBO. In determining the PBO and cost amounts, assumptions can change from period to period and could result in material changes to net postemployment employee benefit periodic costs and the related liability recognized. 
 
 The remeasurement of plan assets and obligations for a significant event should occur as of the date of the significant event. We may use a practical expedient to remeasure the plan assets and obligations as of the nearest calendar month-end date. When performing interim remeasurements, we obtain new asset values, roll forward the obligation to reflect population changes and review the appropriateness of all assumptions, regardless of the reason for performing the interim remeasurement. 
 
 Our postemployment employee benefit plan assets consist primarily of U.S. equity securities, international equity securities, fixed-income investments and other assets. Fluctuations in actual market returns, as well as changes in interest rates, may result in increased or decreased postemployment employee benefit costs in future periods. Postemployment employee benefit expenses are included in O M and other income, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 The following is a summary of a sensitivity analysis for each actuarial assumption as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024: 
 Pension Plans Actuarial Assumptions Increase/ (Decrease) Estimated 
 Increase/(Decrease) on PBO 
 (Thousands) 
 Estimated 
 Increase/(Decrease) to Expense 
 (Thousands) 
 Discount rate 1.00 (34,015) 118 Discount rate (1.00) 41,090 3,268 Rate of return on plan assets 1.00 n/a (2,908) Rate of return on plan assets (1.00) n/a 2,908 
 Other Postemployment Benefits Actuarial Assumptions Increase/ (Decrease) Estimated 
 Increase/(Decrease) on PBO 
 (Thousands) 
 Estimated 
 Increase/(Decrease) to Expense 
 (Thousands) 
 Discount rate 1.00 (18,458) (1,196) Discount rate (1.00) 22,102 1,585 Rate of return on plan assets 1.00 n/a (1,078) Rate of return on plan assets (1.00) n/a 1,078 Actuarial Assumptions Increase/ (Decrease) Estimated 
 Increase/(Decrease) on PBO 
 (Thousands) 
 Estimated 
 Increase/(Decrease) to Expense 
 (Thousands) 
 Health care cost trend rate 1.00 18,148 2,778 Health care cost trend rate (1.00) (15,535) (2,159) 
 
 Page 31 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Acquisitions 
 
 The Company follows the guidance in ASC 805, Business Combinations, for determining the appropriate accounting treatment for acquisitions. ASU No. 2017-01, Clarifying the Definition of a Business , provides an initial fair value screen to determine if substantially all of the fair value of the assets acquired is concentrated in a single asset or group of similar assets. If the initial screening test is not met, the set is considered a business based on whether there are inputs and substantive processes in place. Based on the results of this analysis and conclusion on an acquisition s classification of a business combination or an asset acquisition, the accounting treatment is derived. 
 
 If the acquisition is deemed to be a business, the acquisition method of accounting is applied. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date are recorded at fair value. If the transaction is deemed to be an asset purchase, the cost accumulation and allocation model is used, whereby the assets and liabilities are recorded based on the purchase price and allocated to the individual assets and liabilities based on relative fair values. 
 
 The determination and allocation of fair values to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on various assumptions and valuation methodologies requiring considerable management judgment. The most significant variables in these valuations are discount rates and the number of years on which to base the cash flow projections, as well as other assumptions and estimates used to determine the cash inflows and outflows. Management determines discount rates based on the risk inherent in the acquired assets and related cash flows. The valuation of an acquired business is based on available information at the acquisition date and assumptions that are believed to be reasonable. However, a change in facts and circumstances as of the acquisition date can result in subsequent adjustments during the measurement period, but no later than one year from the acquisition date. 
 
 Impairment of Long-lived Assets 
 
 Property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are reviewed periodically for impairment when changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be fully recoverable in accordance with the appropriate accounting guidance. Factors that the Company analyzes in determining whether an impairment in its long-lived assets exists include determining if a significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset is present; a significant adverse change in the extent to which a long-lived asset is being used in its physical condition; legal proceedings or factors; significant business climate changes; accumulations of costs in significant excess of the amounts expected; a current-period operating or cash flow loss coupled with historical negative cash flows or expected future negative cash flows; and current expectations that more likely than not, a long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its estimated useful life. When an impairment indicator is present, the Company determines if the carrying value of the asset is recoverable by comparing it to its expected undiscounted future cash flows. If the carrying value of the asset is greater than the expected undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment charge is recorded in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying value of the asset over its fair value. 
 
 Derivative Instruments 
 
 We record our derivative instruments held as assets and liabilities at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition, since we choose not to designate any of our physical and financial natural gas commodity derivatives as accounting hedges, changes in the fair value of ES s commodity derivatives are recognized in earnings, as they occur, as a component of operating revenues or natural gas purchases on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 The fair value of derivative instruments is determined by reference to quoted market prices of listed exchange-traded contracts, published price quotations, pipeline tariff information or a combination of those items. ES s portfolio is valued using the most current and reasonable market information. If the price underlying a physical commodity transaction does not represent a visible and liquid market, ES may utilize additional published pipeline tariff information and/or other services to determine an equivalent market price. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of its derivative assets and liabilities reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets that is based on such pricing is considered immaterial. 
 
 Page 32 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Should there be a significant change in the underlying market prices or pricing assumptions, ES may experience a significant impact on its financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Refer to Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks for a sensitivity analysis related to the impact to derivative fair values resulting from changes in commodity prices. The valuation methods we use to determine fair values remained consistent for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022. We apply a discount to our derivative assets to factor in an adjustment associated with the credit risk of our physical natural gas counterparties and to our derivative liabilities to factor in an adjustment associated with our own credit risk. We determine this amount by using historical default probabilities corresponding to the appropriate S P issuer ratings. Since the majority of our counterparties are rated investment grade, this results in an immaterial credit risk adjustment. 
 
 Gains and losses associated with derivatives utilized by NJNG to manage the price risk inherent in its natural gas purchasing activities are recoverable through its BGSS, subject to BPU approval. Accordingly, the offset to the change in fair value of these derivatives is recorded as either a regulatory asset or liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The Company hedges certain of its expected production of SRECs through forward and futures contracts. Upon physical delivery of SRECs to the counterparty, the Company recognizes SREC revenue as operating revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 We have not designated any derivatives as fair value or cash flow hedges as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The determination of our provision for income taxes requires the use of estimates and the interpretation and application of tax laws. Judgment is required in assessing the deductibility and recoverability of certain tax benefits. We use the asset and liability method to determine and record deferred tax assets and liabilities, representing future tax benefits and taxes payable, which result from the differences in basis recorded in GAAP financial statements and amounts recorded in the income tax returns. The deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded utilizing the statutorily enacted tax rates expected to be in effect at the time the assets are realized and/or the liabilities settled. An offsetting valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred income tax assets won t be realized. Any significant changes to the estimates and judgments with respect to the interpretations, timing or deductibility could result in a material change to earnings and cash flows. 
 
 For state income tax and other taxes, estimates and judgments are required with respect to the apportionment among the various jurisdictions. In addition, we operate within multiple tax jurisdictions and are subject to audits in these jurisdictions. These audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. We maintain a liability for the estimate of potential income tax exposure and, in our opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years reported. Any significant changes to the estimates and judgments with respect to the apportionment factor could result in a material change to earnings and cash flows. 
 
 Occasionally, the federal and state taxing authorities determine that it is necessary to make certain changes to the income tax laws. These changes may include but are not limited to changes in the tax rates and/or the treatment of certain items of income or expense. Accounting guidance requires that the Company reflect the effect of changes in tax laws or tax rates at the date of enactment. Additionally, the Company is required to re-measure its deferred tax assets and liabilities as of the date of enactment. For non-regulated entities, the effects of changes in tax laws or tax rates are required to be included in income from continuing operations for the period that includes the enactment date. For regulated entities, if as the result of an action by a regulator it is probable that the future increase or decrease in taxes payable for items such as changes in tax laws or rates will be recovered from or returned to customers through future rates, an asset or liability shall be recognized for that probable increase or decrease in future revenue. Accounting guidance also requires that regulatory liabilities and/or assets be considered a temporary difference for which a related deferred tax asset and/or liability shall be recognized. 
 
 Accounting guidance requires that we establish reserves for uncertain tax positions when it is more likely than not that the positions will not be sustained when challenged by taxing authorities. Any changes to the estimates and judgments with respect to the interpretations, timing or deductibility could result in a change to earnings and cash flows. Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, are recognized within income tax expense, and accrued interest and penalties are recognized within accrued taxes on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Page 33 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 To the extent that NJNG invests in property that qualifies for ITCs, the ITC is deferred and amortized to income over the life of the equipment in accordance with regulatory treatment. In general, for our unregulated subsidiaries, we record ITCs on the balance sheet as a contra-asset as a reduction to property, plant and equipment when the property is placed in service. The contra-asset is amortized on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as a reduction to depreciation expense over the useful lives of the related assets. 
 
 Changes to the federal statutes related to ITCs that have the effect of reducing or eliminating the credits could have a negative impact on earnings and cash flows. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 
 Refer to Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of recently issued accounting standards. 

MANAGEMENT S OVERVIEW Consolidated 
 
 NJR is a diversified energy services holding company providing retail natural gas service in New Jersey and wholesale natural gas and related energy services to customers in the U.S. In addition, we invest in clean energy projects and storage and transportation assets and provide various repair, sales and installation services. A more detailed description of our organizational structure can be found in Item 1. Business . 
 
 The following sections include a discussion of results for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. The comparative results for fiscal 2023 with fiscal 2022 have been omitted from this Form 10-K, but may be found in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations on Form 10-K of our Annual Report for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, filed with the SEC on November 21, 2023. 
 
 Reporting Segments 
 
 We have four primary reporting segments as presented in the chart below: 
 
 In addition to our four reporting segments above, we have nonutility operations that either provide corporate support services or do not meet the criteria to be treated as a separate reporting segment. These operations, which comprise HSO, include appliance repair services, sales and installations at NJRHS and commercial real estate holdings at CR R. 
 Page 34 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Operating Results 
 
 Net income (loss) and assets by reporting segment and other business operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, are as follows: 
 (Thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Net Income Assets Net Income Assets Net Income Assets NJNG 133,400 4,789,835 131,414 4,414,829 140,124 4,030,686 CEV 33,662 1,157,573 44,458 1,128,577 39,403 1,015,065 ES 106,745 108,710 78,848 123,775 69,650 333,064 S T 12,229 1,025,457 13,154 1,011,959 26,598 999,520 HSO 26 159,444 4,758 171,275 (781) 159,068 Intercompany (1) 
 3,713 (259,374) (7,908) (312,919) (72) (275,987) Total 289,775 6,981,645 264,724 6,537,496 274,922 6,261,416 
 (1) Consists of transactions between subsidiaries that are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Consolidated net income increased approximately 25.1M during fiscal 2024, compared with fiscal 2023, due primarily to the following factors: 
 27.9M increase in earnings at ES primarily due to increased operating revenue related to the timing of permanent releases of certain capacity related to the AMAs, reduced by unrealized gains and losses on hedging transactions; partially offset by 
 10.8M decrease in earnings at CEV due to the reversal of a valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets during fiscal 2023 that did not reoccur. 

The primary drivers of the changes noted above are described in more detail in the individual reporting segment and other business operations discussions. 
 
 Consolidated assets increased approximately 444.1M as of September 30, 2024, compared with September 30, 2023, due primarily to the following factors: 
 301.7M increase in utility plant expenditures at NJNG; and 
 79.4M increase in nonutility plant and equipment, net at CEV and S T. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 Our management uses NFE, a non-GAAP financial measure, when evaluating our operating results. ES economically hedges its natural gas inventory with financial derivative instruments. NFE is a measure of the earnings based on eliminating timing differences surrounding the recognition of certain gains or losses, to effectively match the earnings effects of the economic hedges with the physical sale of natural gas and, therefore, eliminates the impact of volatility to GAAP earnings associated with the derivative instruments. To the extent we utilize forwards, futures or other derivatives to hedge forecasted SREC production, unrealized gains and losses are also eliminated from NFE. NFE also excludes certain transactions associated with equity method investments, including impairment charges, which are non-cash charges, and return of capital in excess of the carrying value of our investment. These are considered unusual in nature and occur infrequently such that they are not indicative of our performance for ongoing operations. Included in the tax effects are current and deferred income tax expense corresponding with the components of NFE. 
 
 Non-GAAP financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, GAAP and should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for or a replacement of, the comparable GAAP measure and should be read in conjunction with those GAAP results. 
 
 Page 35 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Below is a reconciliation of consolidated net income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, to NFE for the fiscal years ended September 30: 
 (Thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2022 Net income 289,775 264,724 274,922 Add: Unrealized loss (gain) on derivative instruments and related transactions 19,574 (38,081) (59,906) Tax effect (4,652) 9,050 14,248 Effects of economic hedging related to natural gas inventory (1) 
 (18,192) 34,699 19,939 Tax effect 4,323 (8,246) (4,738) Gain on equity method investment (300) (5,521) Tax effect (19) 1,377 Net financial earnings 290,828 261,827 240,321 Basic earnings per share 2.94 2.73 2.86 Add: Unrealized loss (gain) on derivative instruments and related transactions 0.20 (0.39) (0.62) Tax effect (0.05) 0.09 0.15 Effects of economic hedging related to natural gas inventory (1) 
 (0.18) 0.36 0.21 Tax effect 0.04 (0.09) (0.05) Gain on equity method investment (0.06) Tax effect 0.01 Basic NFE per share 2.95 2.70 2.50 
 (1) Effects of hedging natural gas inventory transactions where the economic impact is realized in a future period. 
 
 NFE by reporting segment and other business operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, discussed in more detail within the operating results sections of each reporting segment and other business operations, is summarized as follows: 
 (Thousands) 2024 2023 2022 NJNG 133,400 46 131,414 50 140,124 58 CEV 33,662 12 44,458 17 39,403 17 ES 111,515 38 68,517 26 39,121 16 S T 12,229 4 12,835 5 22,454 9 HSO 26 4,758 2 (781) Eliminations (1) 
 (4) (155) Total 290,828 100 261,827 100 240,321 100 
 (1) Consists of transactions between subsidiaries that are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Consolidated NFE increased approximately 29.0M during fiscal 2024, compared with fiscal 2023, due primarily to the following factors: 
 43.0M increase in earnings at ES as a result of higher operating revenues from AMAs, as previously discussed; partially offset by 
 10.8M decrease in earnings at CEV due to the reversal of a valuation allowance in fiscal year 2023 that did not reoccur as previously discussed. 

Natural Gas Distribution 
 
 Overview 
 
 Natural Gas Distribution is comprised of NJNG, a natural gas utility that provides regulated natural gas service to residential and commercial customers throughout Burlington, Middlesex, Monmouth, Morris, Ocean and Sussex counties in New Jersey and also participates in the off-system sales and capacity release markets. The business is subject to various risks, which may include but are not limited to impacts to customer growth and customer usage, customer collections, the timing and costs of capital expenditures and construction of infrastructure projects, operating and financing costs, fluctuations in commodity prices and customer conservation efforts. In addition, NJNG may be subject to adverse economic conditions such as inflation and rising natural gas costs, certain regulatory actions, environmental remediation and severe weather conditions. It is often difficult to predict the impact of events or trends associated with these risks. 
 Page 36 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 NJNG s business is seasonal by nature, as weather conditions directly influence the volume of natural gas delivered to customers on an annual basis. Specifically, customer demand substantially increases during the winter months when natural gas is used for heating purposes. As a result, NJNG generates most of its natural gas distribution revenues during the first and second fiscal quarters and is subject to variations in earnings and working capital during the fiscal year. 
 
 As a regulated company, NJNG is required to recognize the impact of regulatory decisions on its financial statements. See Note 4. Regulation in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for a more detailed discussion of regulatory actions, including filings related to programs and associated expenditures, as well as rate requests related to recovery of capital investments and operating costs. 
 
 NJNG s operations are managed with the goal of providing safe and reliable service, growing its customer base, diversifying its Utility Gross Margin, promoting clean energy programs and mitigating the risks discussed above. 
 
 Base Rate Case 
 
 On January 31, 2024, NJNG filed a base rate case with the BPU requesting a natural gas revenue increase of approximately 222.6M including a recovery of infrastructure investments, a change in the Company s overall rate of return on rate base to 7.57 and a change in the return on common equity to 10.42 . On May 15, 2024, the filing was updated to reflect actual results through March 31, 2024, which reduced the requested increase to approximately 219.6M. On August 7, 2024, the filing was updated to reflect actual results through June 30, 2024, which modified the requested increase to approximately 219.9M. On November 21, 2024, the BPU issued an order adopting a stipulation of settlement approving a 157.0M increase to base rates, effective November 21, 2024. The increase includes an overall rate of return on rate base of 7.08 , return on common equity of 9.6 , a common equity ratio of 54.0 and a composite depreciation rate of 3.21 . 

Infrastructure Projects 
 
 NJNG has significant annual capital expenditures associated with the management of its natural gas distribution and transmission system, including new utility plant expenditures associated with customer growth and its associated PIM and infrastructure programs. Below is a summary of NJNG s capital expenditures, including accruals for fiscal 2024 and estimates of expected investments over the next fiscal year: 
 
 Estimated capital expenditures are reviewed on a regular basis and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory oversight, environmental regulations, unforeseen events and the ability to access capital. 
 
 NJNG continues to implement BPU-approved infrastructure projects that are designed to enhance the reliability and integrity of NJNG s natural gas distribution system. 
 Page 37 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Infrastructure Investment Program 
 
 In October 2020, the BPU approved NJNG s five-year IIP filing for 150.0M of transmission and distribution investments, effective November 1, 2020, which will be recovered through annual filings to adjust base rates. 
 
 In September 2023, the BPU approved NJNG s annual IIP filing, which requested a rate increase for capital expenditures of 28.2M through June 30, 2023, which resulted in a 3.2M revenue increase, effective October 1, 2023. 
 
 On March 28, 2024, NJNG submitted its annual IIP filing to the BPU requesting a rate increase for capital expenditures of 43.5M through June 30, 2024. The filing was updated July 26, 2024, to reflect actual expenses of 41.2M. The BPU approved this filing on September 25, 2024, which resulted in a 4.7M revenue increase, effective October 1, 2024. 

Customer Growth 
 
 In conducting NJNG s business, management focuses on factors it believes may have significant influence on its future financial results. NJNG s policy is to work with all stakeholders, including customers, regulators and policymakers, to achieve favorable results. These factors include the rate of NJNG s customer growth in its service territory, which can be influenced by political and regulatory policies, the delivered cost of natural gas compared with competing fuels, interest rates and general economic and business conditions. 
 
 NJNG s total customers as of September 30, include the following: 
 2024 2023 2022 Firm customers Residential 528,502 520,682 512,264 Commercial, industrial other 31,927 31,725 31,227 Residential transport 14,470 15,457 17,316 Commercial transport 7,972 8,033 8,397 Total firm customers 582,871 575,897 569,204 Other 45 103 96 Total customers 582,916 576,000 569,300 
 
 During fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, NJNG added 8,079, 8,800 and 7,808 new customers, respectively. NJNG expects new customer additions, and those customers who added additional natural gas services to their premises, to contribute approximately 6.8M of incremental Utility Gross Margin on an annualized basis. 
 
 Energy Efficiency Programs 
 
 SAVEGREEN conducts home energy audits and provides various grants, incentives and financing alternatives designed to encourage the installation of high-efficiency heating and cooling equipment and other energy efficiency upgrades. Depending on the specific incentive or approval, NJNG recovers costs associated with the programs over a three- to 10-year period through a tariff rider mechanism. In March 2021, the BPU approved a three-year SAVEGREEN program consisting of approximately 126.1M of direct investment, 109.4M in financing options and approximately 23.4M in O M. 
 
 In September 2023, the BPU approved an increase to the energy efficiency rate for the SAVEGREEN programs established from 2010 through the present, which increased annual recoveries by 9.0M, effective October 1, 2023. 
 
 On November 9, 2023, NJNG filed a letter of petition seeking BPU approval to extend NJNG s current SAVEGREEN program through December 31, 2024, with an additional 76.9M in order to meet customer demand for this program, which was approved by the BPU on April 30, 2024. 
 
 On December 1, 2023, NJNG filed a petition seeking BPU approval of its 2024 SAVEGREEN program, which would support new energy efficiency, demand response and building decarbonization start-up programs for two-and-a-half-years from January 1, 2025 through June 30, 2027. The 2024 SAVEGREEN program filing, which totals 482.4M, includes 245.1M of direct investment, 217.2M in financing options and 20.1M in O M. On October 30, 2024, the BPU approved a settlement consisting of 205.0M of direct investment, 160.5M in financing options and 20.1M in O M, which totals 385.6M. 
 
 On May 31, 2024, NJNG submitted its annual EE filing with the BPU for the recovery of SAVEGREEN costs, proposing an increase in annual recoveries of approximately 5.6M, to be effective January 1, 2025, if approved. 
 Page 38 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Loans amounted to approximately 37.5M and 23.3M and grants, rebates and related investments amounted to approximately 33.8M and 36.5M during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Program recoveries from customers during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, were 28.6M and 26.3M, respectively. The recovery includes a weighted average cost of capital that ranges from 6.84 to 6.9 , with a return on equity of 9.6 to 9.75 . 
 
 Conservation Incentive Program/BGSS 
 
 The CIP facilitates normalizing NJNG s Utility Gross Margin for variances due not only to weather but also other factors affecting customer usage, such as conservation and energy efficiency. Recovery of Utility Gross Margin for the non-weather variance through the CIP is limited to the amount of certain natural gas supply cost savings achieved and is subject to a variable margin revenue test. Additionally, recovery of the CIP Utility Gross Margin is subject to an annual earnings test. An annual review of the CIP must be filed by June 1, coincident with NJNG s annual BGSS filing, during which NJNG can request rate changes to the CIP. 
 
 NJNG s total utility firm gross margin includes the following adjustments related to the CIP mechanism: 
 (Thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Weather (1) 
 36,907 44,675 22,263 Usage 9,386 3,276 2,032 Total 46,293 47,951 24,295 
 (1) Compared with the 20-year average, weather was 11.3 , 13.4 and 8.3 warmer-than-normal during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Recovery of Natural Gas Costs 
 
 NJNG s cost of natural gas is passed through to our customers, without markup, by applying NJNG s authorized BGSS rate to actual therms delivered. There is no Utility Gross Margin associated with BGSS costs; therefore, changes in such costs do not impact NJNG s earnings. NJNG monitors its actual natural gas costs in comparison to its BGSS rates to manage its cash flows associated with its allowed recovery of natural gas costs, which is facilitated through BPU-approved deferred accounting and the BGSS pricing mechanism. Accordingly, NJNG occasionally adjusts its periodic BGSS rates or can issue credits or refunds, as appropriate, for its residential and small commercial customers when the commodity cost varies from the existing BGSS rate. BGSS rates for its large commercial customers are adjusted monthly based on NYMEX prices. 
 
 NJNG s residential and commercial markets are currently open to competition, and its rates are segregated between BGSS (i.e., natural gas commodity) and delivery (i.e., transportation) components. NJNG earns Utility Gross Margin through the delivery of natural gas to its customers and, therefore, is not negatively affected by customers who use its transportation service and purchase natural gas from another supplier. Under an existing order from the BPU, BGSS can be provided by suppliers other than the state s natural gas utilities; however, customers who purchase natural gas from another supplier continue to use NJNG for transportation service. 
 
 In April 2023, the BPU approved, on a final basis, NJNG s February 2023 filing for a reduction to the BGSS rate, which reduced annual recoveries by approximately 29.9M, effective March 1, 2023. NJNG s February 2023 filing also advised the BPU of a bill credit for residential and small commercial customers. Total bill credits given back to customers from March 2023 through May 2023, totaled approximately 32.4M. 
 
 On April 30, 2024, the BPU approved, on a final basis, NJNG's June 2023 annual filing, which included a decrease of approximately 38.6M to the annual revenues credited to BGSS, an annual decrease of approximately 7.4M related to its balancing charge and an increase of approximately 27.0M to CIP rates for residential and small business customers, effective October 1, 2023. 
 
 On September 25, 2024, the BPU approved, on a provisional basis, NJNG s May 2024 annual filing, which included a decrease of approximately 31.0M to the annual revenues credited to BGSS, an annual increase of approximately 40.3M related to its balancing charge and a decrease of approximately 0.8M to CIP rates, effective October 1, 2024. The balancing charge rate includes the cost of balancing natural gas deliveries with customer usage for sales and transportation customers, and balancing charge revenues are credited to BGSS. 
 Page 39 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 BGSS Incentive Programs 
 
 NJNG is eligible to receive financial incentives for reducing BGSS costs through a series of Utility Gross Margin-sharing programs that include off-system sales, capacity release and storage incentive programs. These programs are designed to encourage better utilization and hedging of NJNG s natural gas supply and transportation and storage assets. Depending on the program, NJNG shares 80 or 85 of Utility Gross Margin generated by these programs with firm customers. Utility Gross Margin from incentive programs was 17.9M, 20.0M and 19.6M during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Hedging 
 
 In order to provide relative price stability to its natural gas supply portfolio, NJNG employs a hedging strategy with the goal of having at least 75 of the Company s projected winter periodic BGSS natural gas sales volumes hedged by each November 1 and at least 25 of the projected periodic BGSS natural gas sales hedged for the following April-through-March period. The hedging goal is typically achieved with gas in storage and the use of financial instruments to hedge storage injections. NJNG may also use various financial instruments including futures, swaps, options and weather-related products to hedge its future delivery obligations. 
 
 Commodity Prices 
 
 NJNG is affected by the price of natural gas, which can have a significant impact on our cash flows and short-term financing costs, the price of natural gas charged to our customers through the BGSS clause, our ability to collect accounts receivable, which impacts our bad debt expense, and our ability to maintain a competitive advantage over other energy sources. Natural gas commodity prices are shown in the graph below, which illustrates the daily natural gas prices (1) in the Northeast market region, also known as TETCO M-3. 
 
 (1) Data sourced from Standard Poor s Financial Services, LLC Global Platts. 
 
 The maximum price per MMBtu was 20.98, 32.46 and 17.69 and the minimum price was 0.89, 0.67 and 2.42 for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. A more detailed discussion of the impacts of the price of natural gas on operating revenues, natural gas purchases and cash flows can be found in the Operating Results and Cash Flow sections of Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 
 Page 40 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Societal Benefits Charge 
 
 NJNG s qualifying customers are eligible for the USF program, which is administered by the New Jersey Department of Community Affairs, to help make energy bills more affordable. 
 
 In April 2023, the BPU approved on a final basis NJNG s annual SBC filing, which included an increase to the RAC annual recoveries of approximately 3.7M and a decrease to the NJCEP annual recoveries of approximately 0.9M, effective May 1, 2023. 
 
 In September 2023, the BPU approved NJNG s annual USF filing, which included an increase to the statewide USF rate of approximately 0.7M, effective October 1, 2023. 
 
 On March 20, 2024, the BPU approved NJNG s annual SBC filing of RAC expenditures through June 30, 2023, which included an increase to the RAC annual recoveries of approximately 2.4M and an increase to the NJCEP annual recoveries of approximately 5.5M, effective April 1, 2024. 
 
 On June 28, 2024, NJNG submitted its annual USF filing to the BPU requesting an increase to the statewide USF rate. On September 25, 2024, the BPU approved the filing, which resulted in a 6.8M increase to annual recoveries, effective October 1, 2024. 
 
 On September 30, 2024, NJNG submitted its annual SBC filing to the BPU requesting approval of RAC expenditures through June 2024, which included an increase to the RAC annual recoveries of approximately 2.4M and an increase to the NJCEP annual recoveries of approximately 1.6M, which would be effective April 1, 2025. 
 
 Environmental Remediation 
 
 NJNG is responsible for the environmental remediation of former MGP sites, which contain contaminated residues from former gas manufacturing operations that ceased operating at these sites by the mid-1950s and, in some cases, had been discontinued many years earlier. Actual MGP remediation costs may vary from management s estimates due to the developing nature of remediation requirements, regulatory decisions by the NJDEP and related litigation. NJNG reviews these costs periodically, and at least annually, and adjusts its liability and corresponding regulatory asset as necessary to reflect its expected future remediation obligation. Accordingly, NJNG recognized a regulatory asset and an obligation of 161.7M as of September 30, 2024, a decrease of 7.8M compared with the prior fiscal period. See Note 14. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities for a more detailed description of MGP expenditures. 
 
 Other regulatory filings and a more detailed discussion of the filings in this section can be found in Note 4. Regulation in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Page 41 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Operating Results 
 
 NJNG s operating results for the fiscal years ended September 30, are as follows: 
 (Thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Operating revenues (1) 
 1,019,832 1,012,633 1,128,767 Operating expenses Natural gas purchases (2) (3) 
 414,635 425,457 557,232 Operation and maintenance 225,260 226,780 198,546 Regulatory rider expense (4) 
 60,327 50,542 59,437 Depreciation and amortization 112,492 102,326 94,579 Total operating expenses 812,714 805,105 909,794 Operating income 207,118 207,528 218,973 Other income, net 20,363 13,546 7,686 Interest expense, net of capitalized interest 62,288 56,595 46,394 Income tax provision 31,793 33,065 40,141 Net income 133,400 131,414 140,124 
 (1) Includes nonutility revenue of approximately 1.4M, 1.3M and 1.4M for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, for lease agreements with various NJR subsidiaries leasing office space from NJNG at the Company s headquarters, which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 (2) Includes the purchased cost of the natural gas, fees paid to pipelines and storage facilities, adjustments as a result of BGSS incentive programs and hedging transactions. These expenses are passed through to customers and are offset by corresponding revenues. 
 (3) Includes related party transactions of approximately 9.3M for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, a portion of which is eliminated in consolidation. 
 (4) Consists of expenses associated with state-mandated programs, the RAC and energy efficiency programs, which are calculated on a per-therm basis. These expenses are passed through to customers and are offset by corresponding revenues. 
 
 Operating Revenues and Natural Gas Purchases 
 
 Operating revenues increased 0.7 during fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023. Natural gas purchases decreased 2.5 during fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023. The factors contributing to the increases and decreases in operating revenues and natural gas purchases during fiscal 2024 are as follows: 
 2024 v. 2023 
 (Thousands) Operating revenues Natural gas purchases BGSS incentives 15,264 17,408 Bill credits 31,581 31,581 Firm sales 17,255 6,470 Average BGSS rates (64,786) (64,786) CIP adjustments (1,658) Riders and other (1) 
 9,543 (1,495) Total increase (decrease) 7,199 (10,822) 
 (1) Riders and other includes changes in rider rates, including those related to Energy Efficiency, NJCEP and other programs, which is offset in regulatory rider expense. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 Management uses Utility Gross Margin, a non-GAAP financial measure, when evaluating the operating results of NJNG. NJNG s Utility Gross Margin is defined as operating revenues less natural gas purchases, sales tax and regulatory rider expenses. This measure differs from gross margin as presented on a GAAP basis, as it excludes certain operations and maintenance expense and depreciation and amortization. Utility Gross Margin may also not be comparable to the definition of gross margin used by others in the natural gas distribution business and other industries. Management believes that Utility Gross Margin provides a meaningful basis for evaluating utility operations since natural gas costs, sales tax and regulatory rider expenses are included in operating revenues and passed through to customers and, therefore, have no effect on Utility Gross Margin. Non-GAAP financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, GAAP and should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, the comparable GAAP measure. 
 
 Page 42 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Utility Gross Margin 
 
 A reconciliation of gross margin, the closest GAAP financial measure to NJNG s Utility Gross Margin for the fiscal years ended September 30, is as follows: 
 (Thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Operating revenues 1,019,832 1,012,633 1,128,767 Less: Natural gas purchases 414,635 425,457 557,232 Operation and maintenance (1) 
 113,984 115,292 93,164 Regulatory rider expense 60,327 50,542 59,437 Depreciation and amortization 112,492 102,326 94,579 Gross margin 318,394 319,016 324,355 Add: Operation and maintenance (1) 
 113,984 115,292 93,164 Depreciation and amortization 112,492 102,326 94,579 Utility Gross Margin 544,870 536,634 512,098 
 (1) Excludes SG A of approximately 111.3M, 111.5M and 102.8M for the fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Utility Gross Margin consists of three components: 
 
 Utility firm gross margin generated from only the delivery component of either a sales tariff or a transportation tariff from residential and commercial customers who receive natural gas service from NJNG; 
 
 BGSS incentive programs, where revenues generated or savings achieved from BPU-approved off-system sales, capacity release or storage incentive programs are shared between customers and NJNG; and 
 
 Utility Gross Margin generated from off-tariff customers, as well as interruptible customers. 
 
 The following provides more information on the components of Utility Gross Margin and associated throughput (Bcf) of natural gas delivered to customers: 
 2024 2023 2022 in thousands) Margin Bcf Margin Bcf Margin Bcf Utility Gross Margin/Throughput Residential 369,522 44.5 360,138 43.4 341,167 45.5 Commercial, industrial and other 78,033 8.5 76,550 8.4 77,629 8.7 Firm transportation 75,641 11.7 76,114 12.1 69,933 13.0 Total utility firm gross margin/throughput 523,196 64.7 512,802 63.9 488,729 67.2 BGSS incentive programs 17,876 85.0 20,020 72.6 19,587 95.2 Interruptible/off-tariff agreements 3,798 25.8 3,812 29.5 3,782 32.4 Total Utility Gross Margin/Throughput 544,870 175.5 536,634 166.0 512,098 194.8 
 
 Utility Firm Gross Margin 
 
 Utility firm gross margin increased approximately 10.4M during fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023, due primarily to an increase in customers. 
 
 Page 43 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 BGSS Incentive Programs 
 
 The factors contributing to the change in Utility Gross Margin generated by BGSS incentive programs are as follows: 
 (Thousands) 2024 v. 2023 Storage (1,454) Capacity release (139) Off-system sales (551) Total decrease (2,144) 
 
 The decrease in BGSS incentive programs was due primarily to decreased margins from storage incentives along with lower off-system sales margin due to less market volatility and lower capacity release volumes. 
 
 Net Income 
 
 Net income increased approximately 2.0M during fiscal 2024, compared with fiscal 2023, due primarily to the following factors: 
 8.2M increase in Utility Gross Margin, as previously discussed; 
 6.8M increase in other income, net resulting from the remeasurement of the Company's other postretirement benefits; and 
 1.5M decrease in O M due to lower consulting fees; partially offset by 
 10.2M increase in depreciation expense as a result of additional utility plant being placed into service; and 
 5.7M increase in interest expense due to higher outstanding long-term debt. 

Clean Energy Ventures 
 
 Overview 
 
 CEV actively pursues opportunities in the renewable energy markets, which includes the development, construction and operation of net-metered and grid-connected commercial solar projects. In addition, CEV enters into various long-term agreements, including PPAs, to supply energy from commercial solar projects. 
 
 Capital expenditures related to clean energy projects are subject to change due to a variety of factors that may affect our ability to commence operations at these projects on a timely basis or at all, including logistics associated with the start-up of commercial solar projects, such as timing of construction schedules, the permitting and regulatory process, any delays related to electric grid interconnection, economic trends, unforeseen events and the ability to access capital or allocation of capital to other investments or business opportunities. CEV is also subject to various risks, which may include our ability to identify and develop commercial solar asset investments, impacts to our supply chain and our ability to source materials for construction. 
 
 The primary contributors toward the value of qualifying clean energy projects are tax incentives, RECs and electricity sales. Changes in the federal statutes related to the ITC and/or relevant state legislation and regulatory policies affecting the market for solar renewable energy credits could significantly affect future results. 
 
 Solar projects placed in service and related expenditures for the fiscal years ended September 30, are as follows: 
 in Thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Placed in service Projects MW Costs Projects MW Costs Projects MW Costs Grid-connected (1) 
 5 42.0 106,558 3 14.0 31,411 Net-metered: Commercial (1) (2) 
 2 5.1 18,931 5 36.1 50,610 2 1.0 2,440 Sunlight Advantage 282 3.4 10,660 339 4.1 12,677 360 3.9 11,544 Total placed in service 284 8.5 29,591 349 82.2 169,845 365 18.9 45,395 
 (1) Includes projects subject to sale leaseback arrangements. 
 (2) Fiscal 2023 includes two operational commercial solar projects acquired in July 2023, totaling 20.7 MW. 
 
 Page 44 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 As of September 30, 2024, CEV has approximately 477 MW of solar capacity in service. Projects that were placed in service through December 31, 2019, qualified for a 30 federal ITC. The credit declined to 26 for property under construction during 2020 through the end of 2022. In August 2022, the federal ITC was restored to 30 through the end of 2032. There are additional opportunities to increase the credit amount for certain facilities that are placed in service after December 31, 2022, based upon the type of project and location. 
 
 CEV may enter into transactions to sell certain of its commercial solar assets concurrent with agreements to lease the assets back over a period of five to seven years. The Company will continue to operate the solar assets and is responsible for related expenses and entitled to retain the revenue generated from RECs and energy sales. ITCs and other tax attributes associated with these solar projects transfer to the buyer if applicable; however, the lease payments are structured so that CEV is compensated for the transfer of the related tax incentives. Accordingly, for solar projects financed under sale leasebacks for which the assets were sold during the first five years of in-service life, CEV recognizes the equivalent value of the ITC in other income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations over the respective five-year ITC recapture periods, starting with the second year of the lease. During fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, CEV received proceeds of 64.7M, 167.8M and 24.1M, respectively, in connection with the sale leaseback of commercial solar assets. 
 
 As part of its solar investment portfolio, CEV operates a residential and small commercial solar program, The Sunlight Advantage , which provides qualifying homeowners and small business owners with the opportunity to have a solar system installed at their home or place of business with no installation or maintenance expenses. CEV owns, operates and maintains the system over the life of the lease in exchange for monthly lease payments. The program is operated by CEV using qualified contracting partners in addition to strategic suppliers for material standardization and sourcing. 
 
 On November 25, 2024, CEV completed the sale of its 91 MW residential solar portfolio, and related assets and liabilities included in The Sunlight Advantage program to a third party for a total purchase price of 132.5M. 
 
 For solar installations placed in-service in New Jersey prior to April 30, 2020, each MWh of electricity produced creates an SREC that represents the renewable energy attribute of the solar-electricity generated that can be sold to third parties, predominantly load-serving entities that are required to comply with the solar requirements under New Jersey s renewable portfolio standard. 
 
 Following the close of the SREC market in New Jersey, the BPU established the TREC as the successor program to the SREC program. TRECs provide a fixed compensation base multiplied by an assigned project factor in order to determine their value. The project factor is determined by the type and location of the project, as defined. All TRECs generated are required to be purchased monthly by a TREC program administrator as appointed by the BPU. 
 
 In July 2021, the BPU established a new successor solar incentive program. This ADI Program provides administratively set incentives for net metered projects of 5 MW or less. RECs generated through the production of electricity under this program are known as SREC IIs. 
 
 In December 2022, the BPU established the CSI program, which provides incentives to larger solar facilities. It is open to qualifying grid supply solar facilities, non-residential net metered solar installations with a capacity greater than 5 MW and eligible grid supply solar facilities installed in combination with energy storage. Pricing is determined based on a competitive bid solicitation process. 
 
 REC activity consisted of the following: 
 Inventory balance as of October 1, RECs Inventory balance as of September 30, Average Generated Delivered Sale Price 2024 SRECs 144,138 402,056 (419,266) 126,928 197 TRECs (1) 
 10,120 93,913 (92,796) 11,237 141 SREC IIs (1) 
 6,013 19,087 (20,078) 5,022 90 2023 SRECs 116,005 422,039 (393,906) 144,138 202 TRECs 10,759 80,520 (81,159) 10,120 144 SREC IIs 247 10,260 (4,494) 6,013 90 
 (1) TREC and SREC II inventory balances are due primarily to the timing of generation and when RECs are delivered to the state administrator. 
 
 Page 45 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 CEV hedges its expected SREC production through the use of forward sales contracts. The following table reflects the hedged percentage of our projected inventory of SRECs related to CEV s in-service commercial and residential assets at September 30, 2024: 
 Energy Year (1) 
 Percent of SRECs Hedged 2025 90 2026 89 2027 51 2028 39 
 (1) Energy years are compliance periods for New Jersey s renewable portfolio standard that run from June 1 to May 31. 
 
 There are no direct costs associated with the production of RECs by our solar assets. All related costs are included as a component of O M on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, including such expenses as facility maintenance and broker fees. 

Operating Results 
 
 CEV s financial results for the fiscal years ended September 30, are summarized as follows: 
 (Thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Operating revenues 130,563 124,131 128,280 Operating expenses Operation and maintenance 44,042 40,089 40,706 Depreciation and amortization 27,869 25,320 21,396 Total operating expenses 71,911 65,409 62,102 Operating income 58,652 58,722 66,178 Other income, net 14,961 6,622 6,554 Interest expense, net 28,545 28,569 21,968 Income tax provision (benefit) 11,406 (7,683) 11,361 Net income 33,662 44,458 39,403 
 
 Net income decreased approximately 10.8M during fiscal 2024, compared with fiscal 2023, due primarily to the following factors: 
 19.1M increase in income tax expense due primarily to the reversal of a valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets during fiscal 2023 that did not reoccur; and 
 4.0M increase in O M due to higher project maintenance expenses and lease expenses; partially offset by 
 8.3M increase in other income, net due primarily to the recognition of ITCs associated with solar sale leaseback financing transactions; and 
 6.4M increase in operating revenues due to higher SREC, TREC and electricity sales. 

Energy Services 
 
 Overview 
 
 ES markets and sells natural gas to wholesale and retail customers and manages natural gas transportation and storage assets throughout major market areas across North America. ES maintains a strategic portfolio of natural gas transportation and storage contracts that it utilizes in conjunction with its market expertise to provide service and value to its customers. Availability of these transportation and storage contracts allows ES to generate market opportunities by capturing price differentials over specific time horizons and between geographic market locations. 
 
 ES also provides management of transportation and storage assets for natural gas producers and regulated utilities. These management transactions typically involve the release of producer/utility-owned storage and/or transportation capacity in combination with an obligation to purchase and/or deliver physical natural gas. In addition to the contractual purchase and/or sale of physical natural gas, ES generates or pays fee-based margin in exchange for its active management and may provide the producer and/or utility with additional margin based on actual results. 
 Page 46 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 In conjunction with the active management of these contracts, ES generates Financial Margin by identifying market opportunities and simultaneously entering into natural gas purchase/sale, storage or transportation contracts and financial derivative contracts. In cases where storage is utilized to fulfill these contracts, these forecast sales and/or purchases are economically hedged through the use of financial derivative contracts. The financial derivative contracts consist primarily of exchange-traded futures, options and swap contracts, and are frequently used to lock in anticipated transactional cash flows and to help manage volatility in natural gas market prices. Generally, when its transportation and storage contracts are exposed to periods of increased market volatility, ES is able to implement strategies that allow it to capture margin by improving the respective time or geographic spreads on a forward basis. 
 
 ES accounts for its physical commodity contracts and its financial derivative instruments at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in the fair value of physical commodity contracts and financial derivative instruments are included in earnings as a component of operating revenues or natural gas purchases on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Volatility in reported net income at ES can occur over periods of time due to changes in the fair value of derivatives, as well as timing differences related to certain transactions. Unrealized gains and losses can fluctuate as a result of changes in the price of natural gas and SRECs from the original transaction price. Volatility in earnings can also occur as a result of timing differences between the settlement of financial derivatives and the sale of the underlying physical commodity. For example, when a financial instrument settles and the physical natural gas is injected into inventory, the realized gains and losses associated with the financial instrument are recognized in earnings. However, the gains and losses associated with the physical natural gas are not recognized in earnings until the natural gas inventory is withdrawn from storage and sold, at which time ES realizes the entire margin on the transaction. 
 
 During December 2020, ES entered into a series of AMAs with an investment grade public utility to release pipeline capacity associated with certain natural gas transportation contracts. The utility provides certain asset management services, and ES may deliver natural gas to the utility in exchange for aggregate net proceeds of approximately 500M, payable through November 1, 2030. The AMAs include a series of initial and permanent releases, which commenced in November 2021. NJR received a total of approximately 260M in cash from fiscal 2022 through fiscal 2024 and will receive approximately 34M per year from fiscal 2025 through fiscal 2031 under the agreements. During fiscal 2024 and 2023, ES recognized 137.2M and 48.5M, respectively, of operating revenue related to the AMAs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Amounts received in excess of revenue, totaling 22.3M and 58.7M as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are included in deferred revenue on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Operating Results 
 
 ES s financial results for the fiscal years ended September 30, are summarized as follows: 
 (Thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Operating revenues (1) 
 485,391 691,616 1,529,272 Operating expenses Natural gas purchases (including demand charges (2)(3) 
 305,938 558,932 1,394,405 Operation and maintenance 24,969 19,351 39,080 Depreciation and amortization 205 221 148 Total operating expenses 331,112 578,504 1,433,633 Operating income 154,279 113,112 95,639 Other income, net 1,030 1,479 512 Interest expense, net 15,233 11,400 4,725 Income tax provision 33,331 24,343 21,776 Net income 106,745 78,848 69,650 
 (1) Includes related party transactions of approximately (4.9)M, 10.2M and 0.1M for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 (2) Costs associated with pipeline and storage capacity are expensed over the term of the related contracts, which generally varies from less than one year to 10 years. 
 (3) Includes related party transactions of approximately 1.2M, 0.9M and 1.0M for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, a portion of which is eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Page 47 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 ES s portfolio of financial derivative instruments is composed of: 
 (in Bcf) 2024 2023 2022 Net short futures and swaps contracts 7.7 6.9 0.7 
 
 During fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 the net short position resulted in unrealized gains (losses) of 3.1M, 16.2M and (8.5)M, respectively. 
 
 Operating revenues decreased approximately 206.2M and natural gas purchases decreased approximately 253.0M during fiscal 2024, compared with fiscal 2023, due primarily to a 36.0 decrease in natural gas prices, partially offset by increased operating revenue related to the timing of permanent releases of certain capacity related to the AMAs. 
 
 Future results at ES are contingent upon natural gas market price volatility driven by variations in both the supply and demand balances caused by weather and other factors. As a result, variations in weather patterns in the key market areas served may affect earnings during the fiscal year. Changes in market fundamentals, such as an increase in supply and decrease in demand due to warmer temperatures and reduced volatility, can negatively impact ES s earnings. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Natural Gas Distribution for TETCO M-3 Daily Prices, which illustrates the daily natural gas prices in the Northeast market region. 
 
 Net income increased approximately 27.9M during fiscal 2024, compared with fiscal 2023, due primarily to the following factors: 
 253.0M decrease in natural gas purchases, as previously discussed; partially offset by 
 206.2M decrease in operating revenues, as previously discussed; 
 9.0M increase in income tax expense related to higher operating income; 
 5.6M increase in O M due to higher employee-related expenses and a reduction in the reserve for bad debt in the prior year; and 
 3.8M increase in interest expense due to increased borrowings and higher interest rates. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 Management uses Financial Margin and NFE, non-GAAP financial measures, when evaluating the operating results of ES. Financial Margin and NFE are based on removing timing differences associated with certain derivative instruments. Management views these measures as representative of the overall expected economic result and uses these measures to compare ES s results against established benchmarks and earnings targets, as these measures eliminate the impact of volatility on GAAP earnings as a result of timing differences associated with the settlement of derivative instruments. To the extent that there are unanticipated impacts from changes in the market value related to the effectiveness of economic hedges, ES s actual non-GAAP results can differ from the results anticipated at the outset of the transaction. Non-GAAP financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, GAAP and should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, the comparable GAAP measure. 
 
 When ES reconciles the most directly comparable GAAP measure to both Financial Margin and NFE, the current period unrealized gains and losses on derivatives are excluded as a reconciling item. Financial Margin and NFE also exclude the effects of economic hedging of the value of our natural gas in storage and, therefore, only include realized gains and losses related to natural gas withdrawn from storage, effectively matching the full earnings effects of the derivatives with realized margins on the related physical natural gas flows. To the extent we utilize forwards, futures or other derivatives to hedge natural gas transactions and forecasted SREC production, the resulting unrealized gains and losses are also eliminated from NFE. Financial Margin differs from gross margin as defined on a GAAP basis, as it excludes certain operations and maintenance expense and depreciation and amortization as well as the effects of derivatives, as discussed above. 
 
 Page 48 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Financial Margin 
 
 A reconciliation of gross margin, the closest GAAP financial measure, to ES s Financial Margin is as follows: 
 (Thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Operating revenues (1) 
 485,391 691,616 1,529,272 Less: Natural gas purchases 305,938 558,932 1,394,405 Operation and maintenance (2) 
 23,189 20,199 23,709 Depreciation and amortization 205 221 148 Gross margin 156,059 112,264 111,010 Add: Operation and maintenance (2) 
 23,189 20,199 23,709 Depreciation and amortization 205 221 148 Unrealized loss (gain) on derivative instruments and related transactions 24,449 (48,251) (60,000) Effects of economic hedging related to natural gas inventory (3) 
 (18,192) 34,699 19,939 Financial Margin 185,710 119,132 94,806 
 (1) Includes unrealized (gains) losses related to intercompany transactions between NJNG and ES that have been eliminated in consolidation of approximately (4.9)M, 7.8M and 0.1M for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) Excludes SG A of approximately 1.8M, (0.8)M and 15.4M for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (3) Effects of hedging natural gas inventory transactions where the economic impact is realized in a future period. 
 
 Financial Margin increased approximately 66.6M during fiscal 2024, compared with fiscal 2023, due primarily to increased operating revenue related to the AMAs, as previously discussed, partially offset by higher natural gas price volatility in fiscal 2023 as a result of cold weather in regions where ES had contracted rights to transportation and storage assets. 
 
 Net Financial Earnings 
 
 A reconciliation of ES s net income, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure to NFE, is as follows for the fiscal years ended September 30: 
 (Thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Net income 106,745 78,848 69,650 Add: Unrealized loss (gain) on derivative instruments and related transactions 24,449 (48,251) (60,000) Tax effect (1) 
 (5,810) 11,467 14,270 Effects of economic hedging related to natural gas inventory (18,192) 34,699 19,939 Tax effect 4,323 (8,246) (4,738) Net financial earnings 111,515 68,517 39,121 
 (1) Includes taxes related to intercompany transactions between NJNG and ES that have been eliminated in consolidation of approximately 1.2M and (2.4)M for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. Taxes that were eliminated in consolidation during fiscal 2022 were immaterial. 
 
 NFE increased approximately 43.0M during fiscal 2024, compared with fiscal 2023, due primarily to higher Financial Margin, as previously discussed. 
 
 Future results are subject to the ability of ES to expand its wholesale sales and service activities and are contingent upon many other factors, including an adequate number of appropriate and credit-qualified counterparties in an active and liquid natural marketplace; volatility in the natural gas market due to weather or other fundamental market factors impacting supply and/or demand; transportation, storage and/or other market arbitrage opportunities; sufficient liquidity in the overall energy trading market; and continued access to liquidity in the capital markets. 

Page 49 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Storage and Transportation 
 
 Overview 
 
 S T invests in natural gas assets, such as natural gas transportation and storage facilities. We believe that acquiring, owning and developing these storage and transportation assets, which operate under a tariff structure that has either cost- or market-based rates, can provide us organic growth opportunities. S T is subject to various risks, including the construction, development and operation of our transportation and storage assets, as well as our ability to obtain necessary governmental, environmental and regulatory approvals, property rights and financing at reasonable costs for the construction, operation and maintenance of our assets. 
 
 S T is comprised of Leaf River, a 32.2M Dth salt dome natural gas storage facility that operates under market-based rates, and Adelphia, a FERC-regulated interstate pipeline in southeastern Pennsylvania that operates under cost-of-service rates but can enter into negotiated rates with counterparties. The northern portion of the pipeline was operational upon acquisition, and currently serves two natural gas generation facilities.The southern zone of the pipeline became fully operational in September 2022. 
 
 On September 30, 2024, Adelphia filed a Section 4 rate case with the FERC seeking approval to revise its transportation cost-of-service rates to reflect investments made in its pipeline system, as well as the ongoing costs of operating and maintaining the system. Adelphia anticipates that FERC will allow it to place the rates into effect during the second half of 2025, subject to refund and the outcome of a hearing to be established by FERC. 
 
 S T has a 50 ownership interest in Steckman Ridge, a storage facility located in western Pennsylvania that operates under market-based rates. As of September 30, 2024, our investment in Steckman Ridge was 101.7M. 
 
 S T also had a 20 interest in PennEast, a partnership whose purpose was to construct and operate a 120-mile natural gas pipeline that would have extended from northeast Pennsylvania to western New Jersey. During fiscal 2021, we evaluated our equity investment in PennEast for impairment and determined that it was other-than-temporarily impaired. In December 2021, the PennEast project ceased further development. 
 
 During fiscal 2022, the PennEast board of managers approved cash distributions to members of the partnership following the sale of certain project-related assets and refunds of interconnection fees received from interstate pipelines. The return of capital received by the Company, which totaled 11.0M, reduced the remaining carrying value of its equity method investment in PennEast to zero, with the excess recorded in equity in earnings (loss) of affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company received additional return of capital of 0.3M during fiscal 2023, which is recognized in equity in earnings of affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Operating Results 
 
 The financial results of S T for the fiscal years ended September 30, are summarized as follows: 
 (Thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Operating revenues (1) 
 96,209 92,859 67,735 Operating expenses Natural gas purchases 1,028 1,601 2,702 Operation and maintenance 43,083 34,648 30,568 Depreciation and amortization 24,900 24,185 12,302 Total operating expenses 69,011 60,434 45,572 Operating income 27,198 32,425 22,163 Other income, net 10,207 6,850 8,546 Interest expense, net 23,441 25,803 12,097 Income tax provision 4,551 3,444 1,879 Equity in earnings of affiliates 2,816 3,126 9,865 Net income 12,229 13,154 26,598 
 (1) Includes related party transactions of approximately 1.4M, 4.2M and 2.4M for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Page 50 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Net income decreased approximately 0.9M during fiscal 2024, compared with fiscal 2023, due primarily to the following factors: 
 8.4M increase in O M due to increased employee-related expenses and consulting fees; partially offset by 
 3.4M increase in operating revenues due to higher fixed price contract revenue for Adelphia; and 
 3.4M increase in other income due to increased interest income from the outstanding loan with Steckman Ridge, as a result of higher interest rates. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 Management uses NFE, a non-GAAP financial measure, when evaluating the operating results of S T. Certain transactions associated with equity method investments and their impact, including impairment charges, which are non-cash charges, and the return of capital in excess of the carrying value of our investment, are excluded for NFE purposes. The details of such adjustments can be found in the table below. Non-GAAP financial measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, GAAP, and should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, the comparable GAAP measure. 
 
 A reconciliation of S T s net income, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure to NFE, is as follows: 
 (Thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Net income 12,229 13,154 26,598 Add: Gain on equity method investment (300) (5,521) Tax effect (19) 1,377 Net financial earnings 12,229 12,835 22,454 
 
 NFE decreased 0.6M during fiscal 2024, compared with fiscal 2023, due to lower net income, as previously discussed. 

Home Services and Other 
 
 Overview 
 
 The financial results of HSO consist primarily of the operating results of NJRHS. NJRHS provides service, sales and installation of appliances to service contract customers and has been focused on growing its installation business and expanding its service contract customer base. HSO also includes organizational expenses incurred at NJR. 
 
 Operating Results 
 
 The condensed financial results of HSO for the fiscal years ended September 30, are summarized as follows: 
 (Thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Operating revenues 62,635 57,638 56,182 Income before income taxes 2,692 3,281 278 Income tax provision (benefit) 2,666 (1,477) 1,059 Net income (loss) 26 4,758 (781) 
 
 Net income decreased approximately 4.7M during fiscal 2024, compared with fiscal 2023, due primarily to the following factors: 
 4.6M increase in O M due to increased employee-related and contractor expenses; and 
 4.1M increase in income tax expense due to a tax benefit in fiscal 2023 that did not reoccur; partially offset by 
 5.0M increase in operating revenues due to higher installation and service contract revenue at NJRHS. 

Page 51 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our objective is to maintain an efficient consolidated capital structure that reflects the different characteristics of each reporting segment and other business operations and provides adequate financial flexibility for accessing capital markets as required. Our consolidated capital structure as of September 30, was as follows: 
 2024 2023 Common stock equity 39 39 Long-term debt 52 54 Short-term debt 9 7 Total 100 100 
 
 Common Stock Equity 
 
 We satisfy our external common equity requirements, if any, through issuances of our common stock, including the proceeds from stock issuances under our DRP. The DRP allows us, at our option, to use treasury shares or newly issued shares to raise capital. NJR raised approximately 14.7M and 15.0M of equity through the DRP during fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. We also raised approximately 59.7M and 42.8M of equity by issuing approximately 1,380,000 and 948,000 shares through the waiver discount feature of the DRP during fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 In 1996, the Board of Directors authorized us to implement a share repurchase program, which was expanded seven times since the inception of the program, authorizing a total of 19.5M shares of common stock for repurchase. Since inception, we repurchased a total of approximately 17.8M of those shares and may repurchase an additional 1.7M shares under the approved program. There were no shares repurchased during fiscal 2024 and 2023. 

Debt 
 
 NJR and its unregulated subsidiaries generally rely on cash flows generated from operating activities and the utilization of committed credit facilities to provide liquidity to meet working capital and short-term debt financing requirements. NJNG also relies on the issuance of commercial paper for short-term funding. NJR and NJNG, as borrowers, periodically access the capital markets to fund long-life assets through the issuance of long-term debt securities. 
 
 We believe that our existing borrowing availability, equity proceeds and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our working capital, capital expenditures and dividend requirements for at least the next 12 months. NJR, NJNG, CEV, S T and ES currently anticipate that each of their financing requirements for the next 12 months will be met primarily through the issuance of short- and long-term debt, and meter or solar asset sale leasebacks. 
 
 We believe that as of September 30, 2024, NJR and NJNG were, and currently are, in compliance with all existing debt covenants, both financial and non-financial. 
 
 Short-Term Debt 
 
 We use our short-term borrowings primarily to finance ES s short-term liquidity needs, share repurchases and, on an initial basis, CEV s investments. ES s use of high-volume storage facilities and anticipated pipeline park and loan arrangements, combined with related economic hedging activities in the volatile wholesale natural gas market, create significant short-term cash requirements. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, NJR had a revolving credit facility totaling 575M, with 326.0M available under the facility. 
 
 NJNG satisfies its debt needs by issuing short-term and long-term debt based on its financial profile. The seasonal nature of NJNG s operations creates large short-term cash requirements, primarily to finance natural gas purchases and customer accounts receivable. NJNG obtains working capital for these requirements and for the temporary financing of construction and MGP remediation expenditures and energy tax payments, based on its financial profile, through the issuance of commercial paper supported by the NJNG Credit Facility or through short-term bank loans under the NJNG Credit Facility. 
 
 Page 52 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 NJNG s commercial paper is sold through several commercial banks under an issuing and paying agency agreement and is supported by the 250M NJNG Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2024, there was 194.2M available under the NJNG Credit Facility, including amounts allocated to the backstop under the commercial paper program and the issuance of letters of credit. 
 
 Short-term borrowings for the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, were as follows: 
 (Thousands) NJR Notes Payable to banks: Balance at end of period 236,700 Weighted average interest rate at end of period 6.23 Average balance for the period 216,996 Weighted average interest rate for average balance 6.53 Month end maximum for the period 301,550 NJNG Commercial Paper and Notes Payable to banks: Balance at end of period 55,100 Weighted average interest rate at end of period 4.98 Average balance for the period 52,868 Weighted average interest rate for average balance 5.46 Month end maximum for the period 106,700 
 
 Due to the seasonal nature of natural gas prices and demand, and because inventory levels are built up during its natural gas injection season (April through October), NJR and NJNG s short-term borrowings tend to peak in the November through January time frame. 
 
 NJR 
 
 On August 7, 2024, NJR entered into a second amendment to NJR s Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, which reduced the NJR Credit Facility from 650M to 575M and extended the maturity date of the facility to August 7, 2029, pursuant to NJR s option to extend the maturity date under the NJR Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, and permits NJR to request that the maturity date be extended up to two times for an additional period of one year each. The NJR Credit Facility includes an accordion feature, which allows NJR, in the absence of a default or event of default, to increase from time to time, with the existing or new lenders, the revolving credit commitments under the NJR Credit Facility in increments of at least 50M with the total revolving credit commitments not exceeding 750M. The NJR Credit Facility also permits the borrowing of revolving loans and swingline loans, as well as a 75M sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit. Certain of NJR s unregulated subsidiaries have guaranteed all of NJR s obligations under the NJR Credit Facility. The credit facility is used primarily to finance its share repurchases, to satisfy ES s short-term liquidity needs and to finance, on an initial basis, unregulated investments. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, NJR had eleven letters of credit outstanding totaling 12.3M, which reduced the amount available under the NJR Credit Facility by the same amount. NJR does not anticipate that these letters of credit will be drawn upon by the counterparties. 
 
 Based on its average borrowings during fiscal 2024, NJR s average interest rate was 6.53 , resulting in interest expense of approximately 14.4M. Based on average borrowings of 217.0M during the period, a 100 basis point change in the underlying average interest rate would have caused a change in interest expense of approximately 2.2M during fiscal 2024. 
 
 Neither NJNG nor its assets are obligated or pledged to support the NJR Credit Facility. 
 
 Page 53 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 NJNG 
 
 On August 7, 2024, NJNG entered into a second amendment to NJNG s Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement governing a 250M NJNG Credit Facility, which extended the maturity date of the facility to August 7, 2029, pursuant to NJNG s option to extend the maturity date under the NJNG Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, and permits NJNG to request that the maturity date be extended up to two times for an additional period of one year each. The NJNG Credit Facility includes an accordion feature, which would allow NJNG, in the absence of a default or event of default, to increase from time to time, with the existing or new lenders, the revolving credit commitments under the NJNG Credit Facility in increments of at least 50M with total revolving credit commitments not exceeding 350M. The NJNG Credit Facility also permits the borrowing of revolving loans and swingline loans, as well as a 30M sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, NJNG had two letters of credit outstanding for 0.7M, which reduced the amount available under the NJNG Credit Facility by the same amount. NJNG does not anticipate that these letters of credit will be drawn upon by the counterparties. 
 
 Based on its average borrowings during fiscal 2024, NJNG s average interest rate was 5.46 , resulting in interest expense of 2.9M. Based on average borrowings of 52.9M during the period, a 100 basis point change in the underlying average interest rate would have caused a change in interest expense of approximately 0.6M during fiscal 2024. 
 
 Short-Term Debt Covenants 
 
 Borrowings under the NJR Credit Facility, term loan credit agreement and NJNG Credit Facility are conditioned upon compliance with a maximum leverage ratio (consolidated total indebtedness to consolidated total capitalization as defined in the applicable agreements) of not more than .70 to 1.00 for NJR and .65 to 1.00 for NJNG. These revolving credit facilities and term loan credit agreement contain customary representations and warranties for transactions of this type. They also contain customary events of default and certain covenants that will limit NJR s or NJNG s ability, beyond agreed upon thresholds, to, among other things: 
 
 incur additional debt; 
 incur liens and encumbrances; 
 make dispositions of assets; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; and 
 merge, consolidate, transfer, sell or lease all or substantially all of the borrowers or guarantors assets. 
 
 These covenants are subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications set forth in the applicable agreements. 
 
 Default Provisions 
 
 The agreements governing our long-term and short-term debt obligations include provisions that, if not complied with, could require early payment or similar actions. Default events include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 defaults for non-payment; 
 defaults for breach of representations and warranties; 
 defaults for insolvency; 
 defaults for non-performance of covenants; 
 cross-defaults to other debt obligations of the borrower; and 
 guarantor defaults. 
 
 The occurrence of an event of default under these agreements could result in all loans and other obligations of the borrower becoming immediately due and payable and the termination of the credit facilities or term loan. 
 
 Page 54 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Long-Term Debt 
 
 NJR 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, NJR had the following outstanding: 
 100M of 3.48 senior notes due November 7, 2024; 
 100M of 3.54 senior notes due August 18, 2026; 
 110M of 4.38 senior notes due June 23, 2027; 
 100M of 3.96 senior notes due June 8, 2028; 
 150M of 3.29 senior notes due July 17, 2029; 
 130M of 3.60 senior notes due July 23, 2032; 
 130M of 3.50 senior notes due July 23, 2030; 
 120M of 3.13 senior notes due September 1, 2031; 
 80M of 3.25 senior notes due September 1, 2033; 
 50M of 3.64 senior notes due September 19, 2034; and 
 50M of 6.14 senior notes due December 15, 2032. 
 
 On November 7, 2024, NJR entered into a Note Purchase Agreement under which NJR issued 100M senior notes at a fixed interest rate of 5.55 , maturing in 2034. 
 
 Neither NJNG nor its assets are obligated or pledged to support NJR s long-term debt. 
 
 NJNG 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, NJNG s long-term debt consisted of approximately 1.6B in fixed-rate debt issuances secured by the Mortgage Indenture, with maturities ranging from 2025 to 2061, and approximately 31.6M in sale leasebacks of natural gas meters with various maturities ranging from 2025 to 2030. 
 
 In September 2023, NJNG entered into a Note Purchase Agreement for 100M aggregate principal amount of its senior notes consisting of 50M of 5.56 senior notes due September 28, 2033, which closed on September 28, 2023, and 50M of 5.85 senior notes due October 30, 2053, which closed on October 30, 2023. 
 
 On June 26, 2024, NJNG entered into a Note Purchase Agreement for 200M aggregate principal amount of its senior notes consisting of 125M of 5.82 senior notes due June 26, 2054, which closed on June 26, 2024, and 75M of 5.49 senior notes due September 30, 2034, which closed on September 30, 2024. 
 
 Senior notes are secured by an equal principal amount of NJNG s FMBs issued under NJNG s Mortgage Indenture. 
 
 NJR is not obligated directly nor contingently with respect to NJNG s fixed-rate debt issuances. 
 
 Long-Term Debt Covenants and Default Provisions 
 
 The NJR and NJNG long-term debt instruments contain customary representations and warranties for transactions of their type. They also contain customary events of default and certain covenants that will limit NJR or NJNG s ability beyond agreed upon thresholds to, among other things: 
 
 incur additional debt (including a covenant that limits the amount of consolidated total debt of the borrower at the end of a fiscal quarter to 70 for NJR and 65 for NJNG of the consolidated total capitalization of the borrower, as those terms are defined in the applicable agreements, and a covenant limiting priority debt to 20 of the borrower s consolidated total capitalization, as those terms are defined in the applicable agreements); 
 incur liens and encumbrances; 
 make loans and investments; 
 make dispositions of assets; 
 make dividends or restricted payments; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; and 
 merge, consolidate, transfer, sell or lease substantially all of the borrower s assets. 
 
 The aforementioned covenants are subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications set forth in the applicable note purchase agreements. 
 Page 55 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 In addition, the FMBs issued by NJNG under the Mortgage Indenture are subject to certain default provisions. Events of Default, as defined in the Mortgage Indenture, consist mainly of: 
 
 failure for 30 days to pay interest when due; 
 failure to pay principal or premium when due and payable; 
 failure to make sinking fund payments when due; 
 failure to comply with any other covenants of the Mortgage Indenture after 30 days written notice from the Trustee; 
 failure to pay or provide for judgments in excess of 30M in aggregate amount within 60 days of the entry thereof; or 
 certain events that are or could be the basis of a bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or receivership proceeding. 
 
 Upon the occurrence and continuance of such an Event of Default, the Mortgage Indenture, subject to any provisions of law applicable thereto, provides that the Trustee may take possession and conduct the business of NJNG, may sell the trust estate or proceed to foreclose the lien of the Mortgage Indenture. The interest rate on defaulted principal and interest, to the extent permitted by law, on the FMBs issued under the Mortgage Indenture is the rate stated in the applicable supplement or, if no such rate is stated, 6 per annum. 
 
 Sale Leaseback 
 
 NJNG 
 
 NJNG received approximately 8.8M, 8.4M and 17.3M in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, in connection with the sale leaseback of its natural gas meters. NJNG utilizes sale leaseback arrangements as a financing mechanism to fund certain of its capital expenditures related to natural gas meters, whereby the physical asset is sold concurrent with an agreement to lease the asset back. These agreements include options to repurchase the assets sold or renew the lease at the end of the term. As NJNG retains control of the natural gas meters, these arrangements do not qualify as a sale. NJNG uses the financing method to account for the transactions. NJNG continues to evaluate this sale leaseback program based on current market conditions. Natural gas meters are excluded from the lien on NJNG property under the Mortgage Indenture. 
 
 CEV 
 
 CEV enters into transactions to sell the commercial solar assets concurrent with agreements to lease the assets back over a period of five to seven years. The Company has concluded that these arrangements do not qualify as a sale for accounting purposes, as the Company retains control of the underlying assets, and are therefore treated as financing obligations, which are typically secured by the renewable energy facility asset and its future cash flows from RECs and energy sales. ITCs and other tax benefits associated with these solar projects are transferred to the buyer, if applicable; however, the lease payments are structured so that CEV is compensated for the transfer of the related tax incentives. CEV continues to operate the solar assets, including related expenses, and retain the revenue generated from RECs and energy sales, and has the option to renew the lease or repurchase the assets sold at the end of the lease term. During fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, CEV received proceeds of approximately 64.7M, 167.8M and 24.1M, respectively, in connection with the sale leaseback of commercial solar projects. The proceeds received were recognized as a financing obligation on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Contractual Obligations and Capital Expenditures 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were NJR guarantees covering approximately 174.3M of natural gas purchases and ES demand fee commitments and thirteen outstanding letters of credit totaling approximately 13.0M, as previously mentioned, not yet reflected in accounts payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Estimated capital expenditures are reviewed on a regular basis and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints, environmental regulations, unforeseen events and the ability to access capital. 
 
 NJNG s total capital expenditures spent or accrued during fiscal 2024 were approximately 431.8M. During fiscal 2025 capital expenditures are projected to be between 365M and 415M. NJNG expects to fund its obligations with a combination of cash flows from operations, cash on hand, issuance of commercial paper, available capacity under its revolving credit facility and the issuance of long-term debt. As of September 30, 2024, NJNG s future MGP expenditures are estimated to be approximately 161.7M. For a more detailed description of MGP expenditures, see Note 14. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Page 56 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 During fiscal 2024, S T had capital expenditures spent or accrued for the Adelphia project totaling approximately 6.6M, and capital expenditures spent or accrued for Leaf River totaling approximately 39.0M. During fiscal 2025, we expect expenditures related to the Adelphia project to be between 5M and 15M and expenditures related to Leaf River to be between 15M and 20M. 
 
 During fiscal 2024, total capital expenditures spent or accrued related to the purchase and installation of solar equipment were approximately 95.8M. CEV s expenditures include clean energy projects that support our goal to promote renewable energy. Accordingly, CEV enters into agreements to install solar equipment for commercial projects. We estimate solar-related capital expenditures during fiscal 2025 to be between 160M and 265M. 
 
 Capital expenditures related to clean energy projects are subject to change due to a variety of factors that may affect our ability to commence operations at these projects on a timely basis or at all, including sourcing projects that meet our investment criteria, logistics associated with the start-up of commercial solar projects, such as timing of construction schedules, the permitting and regulatory process, any delays related to electric grid interconnection, economic trends or unforeseen events and the ability to access capital or allocation of capital to other investments or business opportunities. 
 
 ES does not currently anticipate any significant capital expenditures during fiscal 2025 and 2026. 
 
 During December 2020, ES entered into a series of AMAs with an investment grade public utility to release pipeline capacity associated with certain natural gas transportation contracts. The utility provides certain asset management services, and ES may deliver natural gas to the utility in exchange for aggregate net proceeds of approximately 500M, payable through November 1, 2030. The AMAs include a series of initial and permanent releases which commenced in November 2021. NJR received a total of approximately 260M in cash from fiscal 2022 through fiscal 2024 and will receive 34M per year from fiscal 2025 through fiscal 2031 under the agreements. During fiscal 2024 and 2023, ES recognized approximately 137.2M and 48.5M, respectively, of operating revenue related to the AMAs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Amounts received in excess of revenue, totaling approximately 22.3M and 58.7M as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are included in deferred revenue on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Cash Flows 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2024 totaled approximately 427.4M compared with approximately 479.0M during fiscal 2023. Operating cash flows are primarily affected by variations in working capital, which can be impacted by several factors, including: 
 
 seasonality of our business; 
 fluctuations in wholesale natural gas prices and other energy prices, including changes in derivative asset and liability values; 
 timing of storage injections and withdrawals; 
 deferral and recovery of natural gas costs; 
 changes in contractual assets utilized to optimize margins related to natural gas transactions; 
 broker margin requirements; 
 impact of unusual weather patterns on our wholesale business; 
 timing of the collections of receivables and payments of current liabilities; 
 volumes of natural gas purchased and sold; and 
 timing of SREC deliveries. 
 
 The decrease of approximately 51.6M in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2024, compared with fiscal 2023, was due primarily to the changes in the mix of working capital components, partially offset by timing of cash received from certain ES AMAs. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Cash flows used in investing activities totaled approximately 569.1M during fiscal 2024, compared with approximately 538.6M during fiscal 2023. The increase of approximately 30.5M was due primarily to increased utility plant expenditures. 
 Page 57 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
 OPERATIONS (Continued) 

 Financing Activities 
 
 Financing cash flows generally are seasonal in nature and are impacted by the volatility in pricing in the natural gas and other energy markets. NJNG s inventory levels are built up during its natural gas injection season (April through October) and reduced during withdrawal season (November through March) in response to the supply requirements of its customers. Changes in financing cash flows can also be impacted by natural gas management and marketing activities at ES and clean energy investments at CEV. 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities totaled approximately 141.8M during fiscal 2024, compared with approximately 59.7M during fiscal 2023. The increase of approximately 82.1M is due primarily to reduced net short-term debt payments of approximately 61.6M, along with a payment of a 150M term loan in the prior year that did not occur in the current year, and an increase of approximately 16.9M from the waiver discount issuance of common stock, partially offset by a decrease in solar sale leaseback proceeds of approximately 103.1M and a 70.0M payment of long-term debt. 
 
 Credit Ratings 
 
 The table below summarizes NJNG s credit ratings as of September 30, 2024, issued by two rating entities, Moody s and Fitch: 
 Moody s 
 Fitch Corporate Rating N/A A- Commercial Paper P-2 F-2 Senior Secured A1 A+ Ratings Outlook Stable Stable 
 
 The Moody s ratings and outlook were reaffirmed on July 3, 2024. The Fitch ratings and outlook were reaffirmed on April 15, 2024. NJNG s Moody s and Fitch ratings are investment-grade ratings. NJR is not rated by Moody s or Fitch. 
 
 Although NJNG is not party to any lending agreements that would accelerate the maturity date of any obligation caused by a failure to maintain any specific credit rating, if such ratings are downgraded below investment grade, borrowing costs could increase, as would the costs of maintaining certain contractual relationships, and future financing and our access to capital markets would be reduced. Even if ratings are downgraded without falling below investment grade, NJR and NJNG could face increased borrowing costs under their credit facilities. A rating set forth above is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold NJR s or NJNG s securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time. Each rating set forth above should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
 
 The timing and mix of any external financings will target a common equity ratio that is consistent with maintaining NJNG s current short-term and long-term credit ratings. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Financial Risk Management 

Commodity Market Risks 
 
 Natural gas is a nationally traded commodity. Its prices are determined effectively by the NYMEX, ICE and over-the-counter markets. The prices on the NYMEX, CME, ICE and over-the-counter markets generally reflect the national balance of natural gas supply and demand, but are also significantly influenced from time to time by other events. 
 
 Our regulated and unregulated businesses are subject to market risk due to fluctuations in the price of natural gas. To economically hedge against such fluctuations, we have entered into forwards, futures, options and swap agreements. To manage these derivative instruments, we have well-defined risk management policies and procedures that include daily monitoring of volumetric limits and monetary guidelines. Our natural gas businesses are conducted through two of our operating subsidiaries. NJNG is a regulated utility that uses futures, options and swaps to provide relative price stability, and its recovery of natural gas costs is governed by the BPU. ES uses futures, options, swaps and physical contracts to economically hedge purchases and sales of natural gas. 
 Page 58 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK (Continued) 

 The following table reflects the changes in the fair market value of financial derivatives related to natural gas purchases and sales: 
 Balance Increase Less Balance (Thousands) September 30, 2023 (Decrease) in Fair Market Value Amounts Settled September 30, 2024 NJNG 6,090 (13,199) (7,107) (2) ES 16,178 26,911 39,954 3,135 Total 22,268 13,712 32,847 3,133 
 
 There were no changes in methods of valuations during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The following is a summary of fair market value of financial derivatives as of September 30, 2024, by method of valuation and by maturity for each fiscal year period: 
 (Thousands) 2025 2026 2027 - 2029 After 2029 Total Fair Value Price based on ICE 3,786 (325) (328) 3,133 
 
 The following is a summary of financial derivatives by type as of September 30, 2024: 
 Volume Bcf Price per MMBtu Amounts included in Derivatives (Thousands) NJNG Futures 31.9 2.57 - 3.58 (2) ES Futures (7.7) 1.69 - 4.22 3,135 Total 3,133 
 
 The following table reflects the changes in the fair market value of physical commodity contracts: 
 Balance Increase Less Balance (Thousands) September 30, 2023 (Decrease) in Fair Market Value Amounts Settled September 30, 2024 NJNG - Prices based on other external data (445) (2,201) (2,088) (558) ES - Prices based on other external data (13,616) 5,666 4,767 (12,717) Total (14,061) 3,465 2,679 (13,275) 
 
 Our market price risk is predominately linked with changes in the price of natural gas at the Henry Hub, the delivery point for the NYMEX natural gas futures contracts. Based on price sensitivity analysis, an illustrative 10 movement in the natural gas futures contract price, for example, increases (decreases) the reported derivative fair value of all open, unadjusted Henry Hub natural gas futures and fixed price swap positions by approximately 3.1M. This analysis does not include potential changes to reported credit adjustments embedded in the 3.0M reported fair value. 
 
 Derivative Fair Value Sensitivity Analysis (Thousands) Henry Hub Futures and Fixed Price Swaps Percent increase in NYMEX natural gas futures prices 0 5 10 15 20 Estimated change in derivative fair value (1,562) (3,124) (4,686) (6,248) Ending derivative fair value 2,993 1,431 (131) (1,693) (3,255) Percent decrease in NYMEX natural gas futures prices 0 (5) (10) (15) (20) Estimated change in derivative fair value 1,562 3,124 4,686 6,248 Ending derivative fair value 2,993 4,555 6,117 7,679 9,241 
 
 Page 59 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK (Continued) 

 Wholesale Credit Risk 
 
 The following is a summary of gross and net credit exposures, grouped by investment and non-investment grade counterparties, as of September 30, 2024. Gross credit exposure for ES is defined as the unrealized fair value of derivative and energy trading contracts, plus any outstanding wholesale receivable for the value of natural gas or power delivered and/or financial derivative commodity contract that has settled for which payment has not yet been received. Gross credit exposure for S T is defined as demand and estimated usage fees for contracted services and/or market value of loan balances for which payment has not yet been received. Net credit exposure is defined as gross credit exposure reduced by collateral received from counterparties and/or payables, where netting agreements exist. The amounts presented below exclude accounts receivable for NJNG retail natural gas sales and services. 
 
 ES s, CEV s and S T s counterparty credit exposure as of September 30, 2024, is as follows: 
 (Thousands) Gross Credit Exposure Net Credit Exposure Investment grade 91,509 88,779 Noninvestment grade 7,033 1,319 Internally-rated investment grade 16,032 14,813 Internally-rated noninvestment grade 17,366 11,904 Total 131,940 116,815 
 
 NJNG s counterparty credit exposure as of September 30, 2024, is as follows: 
 (Thousands) Gross Credit Exposure Net Credit Exposure Investment grade 5,894 5,715 Noninvestment grade 310 Internally-rated investment grade 136 30 Internally-rated noninvestment grade 9 1 Total 6,349 5,746 
 
 Due to the inherent volatility in the market price for natural gas, electricity and RECs, the market value of contractual positions with individual counterparties could exceed established credit limits or collateral provided by those counterparties. If a counterparty failed to perform the obligations under its contract (for example, failed to make payment for natural gas received), we could sustain a loss. This loss would comprise the loss on natural gas delivered but not paid for and/or the cost of replacing natural gas not delivered or received at a price that exceeds the original contract price. Any such loss could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Effects of Interest Rate Fluctuations 
 
 We are also exposed to changes in interest rates on our debt hedges and variable rate debt. We do not believe an immediate 10 increase or decrease in interest rates would have a material effect on our operating results or cash flows. 
 
 Information regarding NJR s interest rate risk can be found in the Liquidity and Capital Resources - Debt section of Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 
 Effects of Inflation 
 
 Any change in price levels has an effect on operating results due to the capital-intensive and regulated nature of our utility subsidiary. The Company s operations are sensitive to increases in the rate of inflation because of its operational and capital spending requirements in both its regulated and non-regulated businesses. We attempt to minimize the effects of inflation through cost control, productivity improvements and regulatory actions, when appropriate. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information related to the impact of recent increases in inflation rates. 
 
 Page 60 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 Management of New Jersey Resources Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s Management and Board of Directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes policies and procedures that: 
 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. In making this assessment, management used the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the assessment, management concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 The conclusion of the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer is based on the recognition that there are inherent limitations in all systems of internal control over financial reporting. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements, errors or fraud. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has issued its report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, which appears herein. 

November 26, 2024 

Page 61 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareowners and the Board of Directors of New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of New Jersey Resources Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, common stock equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated November 26, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Regulation Impact of Rate-Regulation on the Financial Statements Refer to Notes 2 and 4 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 New Jersey Natural Gas Company NJNG ), a subsidiary of the Company, is a regulated gas distribution company that serves customers in central and northern New Jersey. NJNG is subject to regulation by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities (the BPU ), which has jurisdiction with respect to the rates of gas distribution companies in New Jersey. Management has determined NJNG meets the requirements under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America to prepare its financial statements in accordance with ASC 980, Regulated Operations. 

Page 62 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 NJNG is subject to cost-based regulation; therefore, it is permitted to recover authorized operating expenses and earn a reasonable return on its utility capital investments based on the BPU s approval. The impact of the ratemaking process and decisions authorized by the BPU allows NJNG to capitalize or defer certain costs that are expected to be recovered from its customers as regulatory assets, and to recognize certain obligations representing amounts that are probable future expenditures as regulatory liabilities in accordance with accounting guidance applicable to regulated operations. Regulatory decisions can have an impact on the recovery of costs, the rate of return earned on investment, and the timing and amount of assets to be recovered by rates. Decisions to be made by the BPU in the future will impact the accounting for regulated operations, including decisions about the amount of allowable costs and return on invested capital included in rates and any refunds that may be required. 
 
 Accounting for the economics of rate-regulation impacts multiple financial statement line items and disclosures, such as regulated property, plant, and equipment, regulatory assets and liabilities, operating revenues and depreciation expense. While NJNG expects to recover costs from customers through regulated rates, there is a risk that the BPU will not approve full recovery of such costs or full recovery of all amounts invested in the utility business and a reasonable return on that investment. We identified the impact of rate-regulation as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management to support its assertions about the impact of regulatory orders on the financial statements, including assessing the probability of both recovery in rates of incurred costs, and refunds to customers. Given that management s accounting judgments are based on assumptions about the outcome of future decisions by the BPU, auditing these judgments requires specialized knowledge of accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process due to its inherent complexities. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the uncertainty around the impact of regulatory orders on the financial statements, including the probability of both recovery in rates of incurred costs, and refunds to customers, included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the relevant regulatory account balances and disclosures, including management s controls over the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory developments that may affect the probability of recovering costs in future rates or of a future reduction in rates due to refunds to customers. 
 
 We read relevant regulatory orders issued by the BPU for NJNG and other public utilities in New Jersey, regulatory statutes, interpretations, procedural memorandums, filings made by intervenors, and other publicly available information to assess the probability of recovery in future rates or of a future reduction in rates based on precedence of the BPU s treatment of similar costs under similar circumstances. We also obtained and read the November 21, 2024 BPU order adopting the stipulation of settlement for NJNG s January 2024 base rate case. We evaluated the external information and compared that to management s assertions regarding the probability of recovery or refund of regulatory asset and liability balances for completeness. 
 
 We obtained an analysis from management regarding the probability of recovery for regulatory assets or refund or future reduction in rates for regulatory liabilities in order to assess management s assertion that amounts are probable of recovery or a future reduction in rates. 
 
 We evaluated the Company s disclosures related to the impacts of rate regulation, including the balances recorded and regulatory developments. 

/s/ 

November 26, 2024 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1951. 
 Page 63 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Shareowners and the Board of Directors of New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of New Jersey Resources Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended September 30, 2024, of the Company and our report dated November 26, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ 

November 26, 2024 
 Page 64 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 (Thousands, except per share data) Fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 OPERATING REVENUES Utility Nonutility Total operating revenues OPERATING EXPENSES Natural gas purchases: Utility Nonutility Related parties Operation and maintenance Regulatory rider expenses Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses OPERATING INCOME Other income, net Interest expense, net of capitalized interest INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES AND EQUITY IN EARNINGS OF AFFILIATES Income tax provision Equity in earnings of affiliates NET INCOME EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE Basic Diluted WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING Basic Diluted 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 (Thousands) Fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Reclassifications of losses to net income on derivatives designated as hedging instruments, net of tax of ), ) and ), respectively 
 Adjustment to postemployment benefit obligation, net of tax of ), and ), respectively 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page 65 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Thousands) Fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash flows from operating activities Unrealized loss (gain) on derivative instruments ) ) Depreciation and amortization Amortization of acquired wholesale energy contracts Allowance for equity used during construction ) ) ) Allowance for doubtful accounts Non-cash lease expense Deferred income taxes Equivalent value of ITCs recognized on equipment financing ) ) ) Manufactured gas plant remediation costs ) ) ) Cost of removal - asset retirement obligations ) ) ) Contributions to postemployment benefit plans ) ) ) Taxes related to stock-based compensation ) ) ) Changes in: Components of working capital ) ) Other noncurrent assets and liabilities ) Cash flows from operating activities CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES Expenditures for: Utility plant ) ) ) Solar equipment ) ) ) Storage and transportation and other ) ) ) Cost of removal ) ) ) Distribution from equity investees in excess of equity in earnings Investments in equity investees, net of return of capital Cash flows used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from long-term debt Payments of long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from term loan Payments of term loan ) Proceeds from (payments of) short-term debt, net ) ) Proceeds from sale leaseback transactions - solar Proceeds from sale leaseback transactions - natural gas meters Payments of common stock dividends ) ) ) Proceeds from waiver discount issuance of common stock Proceeds from issuance of common stock - DRP Tax withholding payments related to net settled stock compensation ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period CHANGES IN COMPONENTS OF WORKING CAPITAL Receivables ) ) Inventories ) ) Recovery of natural gas costs ) Natural gas purchases payable ) Natural gas purchases payable - related parties ) Deferred revenue ) Accounts payable and other ) Prepaid expenses ) ) ) Prepaid and accrued taxes ) ) Restricted broker margin accounts ) Customers credit balances and deposits ) Other current assets and liabilities ) ) Total ) ) SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOWS INFORMATION Cash paid for: Interest (net of amounts capitalized) Income taxes Accrued capital expenditures See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page 66 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 ASSETS 
 
 (Thousands) September 30, 2024 2023 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT Utility plant, at cost Construction work in progress Nonutility plant and equipment, at cost Construction work in progress Total property, plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization, utility plant ) ) Accumulated depreciation and amortization, nonutility plant and equipment ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net CURRENT ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Customer accounts receivable: Billed Unbilled revenues Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Regulatory assets Natural gas in storage, at average cost Materials and supplies, at average cost Prepaid expenses Prepaid taxes Derivatives, at fair value Restricted broker margin accounts Other current assets Total current assets NONCURRENT ASSETS Investments in equity method investees Regulatory assets Operating lease assets Derivatives, at fair value Software costs Deferred income taxes Postemployment employee benefit assets Other noncurrent assets Total noncurrent assets Total assets See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page 67 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 CAPITALIZATION AND LIABILITIES 
 
 (Thousands, except share data) September 30, 2024 2023 CAPITALIZATION Common stock, par value; authorized shares; 
 outstanding shares September 30, 2024 ; September 30, 2023 
 Premium on common stock Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Treasury stock at cost and other; 
 shares September 30, 2024 ; September 30, 2023 
 Retained earnings Common stock equity Long-term debt Total capitalization CURRENT LIABILITIES Current maturities of long-term debt Short-term debt Natural gas purchases payable Natural gas purchases payable to related parties Deferred revenue Accounts payable and other Dividends payable Accrued taxes Regulatory liabilities New Jersey Clean Energy Program Derivatives, at fair value Restricted broker margin accounts Operating lease liabilities Customers credit balances and deposits Total current liabilities NONCURRENT LIABILITIES Deferred income taxes Deferred investment tax credits Deferred revenue Derivatives, at fair value Manufactured gas plant remediation Postemployment employee benefit liabilities Regulatory liabilities Operating lease liabilities Asset retirement obligations Other noncurrent liabilities Total noncurrent liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities (Note 14) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page 68 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMMON STOCK EQUITY 
 
 (Thousands) Number of Shares Common Stock Premium on Common Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Treasury Stock And Other Retained Earnings Total Balance as of September 30, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Common stock issued: Incentive compensation plan Dividend reinvestment plan (1) 
 Cash dividend declared per share) 
 ) ) Treasury stock and other ) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2022 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Common stock issued: Incentive compensation plan Dividend reinvestment plan (1) 
 Waiver discount Cash dividend declared per share) 
 ) ) Treasury stock and other ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Common stock issued: Incentive compensation plan Dividend reinvestment plan Waiver discount Cash dividend declared per share) 
 ) ) Treasury stock and other ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) 
 (1) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page 69 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

MW residential solar portfolio, and related assets and liabilities included in The Sunlight Advantage program to a third party for a total purchase price of M. See Note 17. Subsequent Events for more information regarding the transaction. 
 
 NJRES comprises the ES segment. ES maintains and transacts around a portfolio of natural gas transportation and storage capacity contracts and provides physical wholesale energy, retail energy and energy management services in the U.S. 
 
 NJR Midstream Holdings Corporation, which comprises the S T segment, invests in energy-related ventures through its subsidiaries. The Company operates natural gas storage and transmission assets through the wholly-owned subsidiaries of Leaf River and Adelphia and is subject to rate regulation by FERC. The Company holds a combined ownership interest in Steckman Ridge, located in Pennsylvania, which is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. 
 
 NJR Retail Holdings Corporation has principal subsidiary: NJRHS, which provides heating, central air conditioning, standby generators, solar and other indoor and outdoor comfort products to residential homes throughout New Jersey. NJRHS is included in HSO. 

Page 70 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

MW or less. RECs generated through the production of electricity under this program are known as SREC IIs. 
 
 TRECs and SREC IIs generated are required to be purchased monthly by a REC program administrator as appointed by the BPU. Revenue for TRECs and SREC IIs are recognized upon generation and are transferred monthly based upon metered solar electricity activity. 
 
 Revenues for ES are recognized when the natural gas is physically delivered to the customer. In addition, changes in the fair value of derivatives that economically hedge the forecasted sales of the natural gas are recognized in operating revenues as they occur. ES also recognizes changes in the fair value of SREC derivative contracts as a component of operating revenues. 
 
 During December 2020, ES entered into a series of AMAs with an investment grade public utility to release pipeline capacity associated with certain natural gas transportation contracts, which commenced in November 2021. The AMAs include a series of temporary and permanent releases, and revenue under these agreements is recognized as the performance obligations are satisfied. For temporary releases of pipeline capacity, revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the agreed-upon term. For permanent releases of pipeline capacity, which represent a transfer of contractual rights for such capacity, revenue is recognized upon the transfer of the underlying contractual rights. ES recognized M and M of operating revenue related to the AMAs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations during fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. Amounts received in excess of revenue recognized totaling M and M are included in deferred revenue on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 S T generates revenues from firm storage contracts and transportation contracts, related usage fees and hub services for the use of storage space, injections and withdrawals from their natural gas storage facility and the delivery of natural gas to customers. Demand fees are recognized as revenue over the term of the related agreement while usage fees and hub services revenues are recognized as services are performed. 
 
 Revenues from all other activities are recorded in the period during which products or services are delivered and accepted by customers, or over the related contractual term. See Note 3. Revenue for further information. 
 
 Page 71 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

years. Many of these demand fees and charges are based on tariff rates as established and regulated by FERC. These charges represent commitments to pay storage providers and pipeline companies for the priority right to transport and/or store natural gas utilizing their respective assets. 
 
 NJNG Total 

Page 72 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

The composite rate of depreciation used for NJNG was of average depreciable property in fiscal 2024, in fiscal 2023 and in fiscal 2022. The Company recorded M, M and M in depreciation expense during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 to years 
 Transmission facilities to years 
 Storage facilities to years 
 Solar property to years 
 Storage and transportation property to years 
 All other property to years 
 Construction work in progress Total property, plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Page 73 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 M and M, respectively. 

Equity Total Weighted average interest rate 
 
 Pursuant to a BPU order, NJNG is permitted to recover carrying costs on uncollected balances related to SBC program costs, which include NJCEP, RAC and USF expenditures. The NJCEP and RAC interest rates change each September based on the August 31 constant maturity treasury rate plus basis points. The SBC rate was , and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Accordingly, other income included M, M and M in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Restricted cash in other noncurrent assets Statements of Cash Flow Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 Page 74 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

years, to customers that elect to purchase and install certain energy-efficient equipment in accordance with its BPU-approved SAVEGREEN program. The loans are recognized at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company has M and M recorded in other current assets and M and M in other noncurrent assets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, related to the loans. The Company regularly evaluates the credit quality and collection profile of its customers. If NJNG determines a loan is impaired, the basis of the loan would be subject to regulatory review for recovery. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company has not recorded any impairments for SAVEGREEN loans. 

ES S T Total 

Page 75 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

Construction work in progress Nonutility plant and equipment, at cost Accumulated depreciation and amortization, utility plant ) ) Accumulated depreciation and amortization, nonutility plant and equipment ) ) Software costs Statements of Operations Operation and maintenance Depreciation and amortization 
 
 Page 76 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

Page 77 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 noncontributory defined pension plans covering eligible employees, including officers. Benefits are based on each employee s years of service and compensation. The Company s funding policy is to contribute annually to these plans at least the minimum amount required under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, as amended, and not more than can be deducted for federal income tax purposes. Plan assets consist of equity securities, fixed-income securities and short-term investments. 
 
 primarily noncontributory medical and life insurance plans for eligible retirees and dependents. Medical benefits, which make up the largest component of the plans, are based upon an age and years-of-service vesting schedule and other plan provisions. Funding of these benefits is made primarily into Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association trust funds. See Note 11. Employee Benefit Plans for a more detailed description of the Company s pension and postemployment plans. 

) NJRCEV 2023 NJNG ) NJRCEV 

Page 78 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Other comprehensive income, before reclassifications, net of tax of , and , respectively 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax of ), ) and ), respectively 
 (1) Net current-period other comprehensive income, net of tax of ), and , respectively 
 ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Other comprehensive income, before reclassifications, net of tax of , ) and ), respectively 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax of ), and ), respectively 
 ) (1) Net current-period other comprehensive income, net of tax of ), ) and ), respectively 
 Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 (1) Included in the computation of net periodic pension cost, a component of operations and maintenance expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For more details, see Note 11. Employee Benefit Plans . 

Page 79 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

Page 80 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

Page 81 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 Page 82 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 Natural gas services Service contracts Installations and maintenance Renewable energy certificates Electricity sales Eliminations (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Revenues from contracts with customers Alternative revenue programs (3) 
 Derivative instruments (4) Eliminations (2) 
 Revenues out of scope Total operating revenues 2023 Natural gas utility sales (1) 
 Natural gas services Service contracts Installations and maintenance Renewable energy certificates Electricity sales Eliminations (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Revenues from contracts with customers Alternative revenue programs (3) 
 Derivative instruments (4) Eliminations (2) 
 ) ) Revenues out of scope Total operating revenues 2022 Natural gas utility sales Natural gas services Service contracts Installations and maintenance Renewable energy certificates Electricity sales Eliminations (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Revenues from contracts with customers Alternative revenue programs (3) 
 Derivative instruments (4) Eliminations (2) 
 ) ) Revenues out of scope Total operating revenues 
 (1) Includes building rent related to the Wall headquarters, which is eliminated in consolidation. 
 (2) Consists of transactions between subsidiaries that are eliminated in consolidation. 
 (3) Includes CIP revenue. 
 (4) Includes SREC revenue. 
 Page 83 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 Commercial and industrial Firm transportation Interruptible, off-tariff and other Revenues out of scope Total operating revenues 2023 Residential Commercial and industrial Firm transportation Interruptible, off-tariff and other Revenues out of scope Total operating revenues 2022 Residential Commercial and industrial Firm transportation Interruptible, off-tariff and other Revenues out of scope Total operating revenues 
 
 Customer Accounts Receivable/Credit Balances and Deposits 
 
 (Decrease) increase ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 Increase (decrease) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Page 84 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 Unbilled Customers credit balances and deposits ) ) ) Total 2023 Customer accounts receivable Billed Unbilled Customers credit balances and deposits ) ) ) Total 

and a return on common equity of . All rate and program changes are subject to proper notification and BPU review and approval. In addition, NJNG is permitted to implement certain BGSS rate changes on a provisional basis with proper notification to the BPU. 
 
 Page 85 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 Conservation Incentive Program Derivatives at fair value, net Other current regulatory assets Total current regulatory assets Regulatory assets-noncurrent Environmental remediation costs: Expended, net of recoveries Liability for future expenditures Deferred income taxes SAVEGREEN Postemployment and other benefit costs Cost of removal Other noncurrent regulatory assets Total noncurrent regulatory assets Regulatory liability-current Overrecovered natural gas costs Total current regulatory liabilities Regulatory liabilities-noncurrent Tax Act impact (1) 
 Derivatives at fair value, net Other noncurrent regulatory liabilities Total noncurrent regulatory liabilities 
 (1) Reflects the re-measurement and subsequent amortization of NJNG s net deferred tax liabilities as a result of the change in federal tax rates enacted in the Tax Act. The Tax Act is an Act to Provide for Reconciliation Pursuant to Titles II and V of the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2018, previously known as The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. 
 
 Other noncurrent regulatory assets include deferred pandemic costs of approximately M as of both September 30, 2024 and 2023, primarily related to a portion of bad debt associated with customer accounts receivable resulting from the impacts of the novel coronavirus disease pandemic. These costs are eligible for future regulatory recovery and are included in the base rate case filed on January 31, 2024. 
 
 Total current regulatory liabilities 
 
 The assets are comprised primarily of the tax benefit associated with the equity component of AFUDC and the liability consists primarily of scheduling penalties. Recovery of regulatory assets is subject to FERC approval. 
 
 New Jersey Clean Energy Program 
 
 The NJCEP is a statewide program that encourages energy efficiency and renewable energy. Funding amounts are determined by the BPU s Office of Clean Energy and all New Jersey utilities are required to share in the annual funding obligation. The current NJCEP program is for the State of New Jersey s fiscal year ending June 2025. NJNG recovers the costs associated with its portion of the NJCEP obligation through its NJCEP rider, with interest. 
 
 Page 86 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 rolling periods, through a RAC rate rider. Recovery for NJNG s estimated future liability will be requested and/or recovered when actual expenditures are incurred. See Note 14. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities . 
 
 Deferred Income Taxes 
 
 Upon adoption of a 1993 provision of ASC 740, Income Taxes , NJNG recognized a transition adjustment and corresponding regulatory asset representing the difference between NJNG s existing deferred tax amounts compared with the deferred tax amounts calculated in accordance with the change in method prescribed by ASC 740. NJNG recovers the regulatory asset associated with these tax impacts through future base rates, without interest. 
 
 SAVEGREEN 
 
 NJNG administers certain programs that supplement the state s NJCEP and that allow NJNG to promote clean energy to its residential and commercial customers, as described further below. NJNG will recover related expenditures and a weighted average cost of capital on the unamortized balance through a tariff rider, with interest, as approved by the BPU, over a three - to period depending upon the specific program incentive. 
 
 Postemployment and Other Benefit Costs 
 
 Postemployment and Other Benefit Costs represents NJNG s underfunded postemployment benefit obligations. See Note 11. Employee Benefit Plans . 
 
 Cost of Removal 
 
 NJNG accrues and collects for cost of removal in base rates on its utility property, without interest. These costs are recorded in accumulated depreciation for regulatory reporting purposes, and actual costs of removal, without interest, will be recovered in subsequent rates, pursuant to the BPU order. Consistent with GAAP, amounts recorded within accumulated depreciation for regulatory accounting purposes are reclassified out of accumulated depreciation to either a regulatory asset or a regulatory liability depending on whether actual cost of removal is still subject to collection or amounts overcollected will be refunded back to customers. 
 
 Other Regulatory Assets 
 
 Other regulatory assets consist primarily of deferred costs associated with certain components of NJNG s SBC, as discussed further in the regulatory proceedings section. NJNG s related costs to maintain the operational integrity of its distribution and transmission main are recoverable, without interest, subject to BPU review and approval. 
 Page 87 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

M including a recovery of infrastructure investments, a change in the Company s overall rate of return on rate base to and a change in the return on common equity to . On May 15, 2024, the filing was updated to reflect actual results through March 31, 2024, which reduced the requested increase to approximately M. On August 7, 2024, the filing was updated to reflect actual results through June 30, 2024, which modified the requested increase to approximately M. On November 21, 2024, the BPU issued an order adopting a stipulation of settlement approving a M increase to base rates, effective November 21, 2024. The increase includes an overall rate of return on rate base of , return on common equity of , a common equity ratio of and a depreciation rate of . 
 
 BGSS and CIP 
 
 BGSS rates are normally revised on an annual basis. In addition, to manage the fluctuations in wholesale natural gas costs, NJNG has the ability to make interim filings during each fiscal year to increase residential and small commercial customer BGSS rates on a self-implementing and provisional basis. NJNG is also permitted to refund or credit back a portion of the commodity costs to customers at any time given notice when the natural gas commodity costs decrease in comparison to amounts projected or to amounts previously collected from customers. Concurrent with the annual BGSS filing, NJNG files for an annual review of its CIP. NJNG s annual BGSS and CIP filings are summarized as follows: 
 
 In February 2023, NJNG advised the BPU of a bill credit and a reduction to the BGSS rate for residential and small commercial customers, which reduced recoveries by approximately M, effective March 1, 2023, and was approved on a final basis by the BPU on April 12, 2023. Bill credits provided to customers from March 2023 through May 2023 totaled approximately M. 
 
 2023 BGSS/CIP filing On April 30, 2024, the BPU approved on a final basis NJNG s annual filing, which included a decrease of approximately M to the annual revenues credited to BGSS, an annual decrease of approximately M related to its balancing charge and an increase of approximately M to CIP rates for residential and small business customers, effective October 1, 2023. 
 
 2024 BGSS/CIP filing On May 31, 2024, NJNG filed its annual petition to modify its BGSS rates for residential and small business customers, the balancing charge and CIP rates. On September 25, 2024, the BPU approved, on a provisional basis, a decrease of approximately M to the annual revenues credited to BGSS, an annual increase of approximately M related to its balancing charge and a decrease of approximately M to CIP rates, effective October 1, 2024. 
 
 BGSS Incentive Programs 
 
 NJNG is eligible to receive financial incentives for reducing BGSS costs through a series of Utility Gross Margin-sharing programs that include off-system sales, capacity release and storage incentive programs. The Company is permitted to annually propose a process to evaluate and discuss alternative incentive programs, should performance of the existing incentives or market conditions warrant re-evaluation. 
 
 Page 88 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 period through a tariff rider mechanism. In March 2021, the BPU approved a SAVEGREEN program that included approximately M of direct investment, approximately M in financing options and approximately M in O M. 
 
 SAVEGREEN investments and costs are filed with the BPU on an annual basis. NJNG s annual EE filings are summarized as follows: 
 
 2023 EE filing In June 2023, NJNG submitted its annual EE filing with the BPU for the recovery of SAVEGREEN costs, proposing an increase in annual recoveries of approximately M. In September 2023, the BPU approved an increase to the EE rate increasing annual recoveries by approximately M based on updated information since the initial filing, effective October 1, 2023. 
 
 On November 9, 2023, NJNG filed a letter petition seeking BPU approval to extend NJNG s current SAVEGREEN program through December 31, 2024, with an additional M in order to meet customer demand for this program, which was approved by the BPU on April 30, 2024. 
 
 On December 1, 2023, NJNG filed a petition seeking BPU approval of its 2024 SAVEGREEN program, which would support new energy efficiency, demand response and building decarbonization start-up programs from January 1, 2025 through June 30, 2027. The 2024 SAVEGREEN program includes approximately M of direct investment, approximately M in financing options and approximately M in O M. On October 30, 2024, the BPU approved a settlement consisting of M of direct investment, M in financing options and M in O M, which totals M. 
 
 2024 EE filing On May 31, 2024, NJNG submitted its annual EE filing with the BPU for the recovery of SAVEGREEN costs, proposing an increase in annual recoveries of approximately M, to be effective January 1, 2025, if approved. 
 
 Societal Benefits Charge 
 
 The SBC is comprised of three primary riders that allow NJNG to recover costs associated with USF, which is a permanent statewide program for all natural gas and electric utilities for the benefit of income-eligible customers, MGP remediation and the NJCEP. NJNG has submitted the following filings to the BPU, which include a report of program expenditures incurred each program year: 
 
 2023 USF filing In June 2023, NJNG submitted its annual USF filing to the BPU requesting an increase to the statewide USF rate, which will result in an approximately M increase to annual recoveries. The BPU approved this matter in September 2023, effective October 1, 2023. 
 
 2023 SBC filing In September 2023, NJNG submitted its annual SBC filing to the BPU requesting approval of RAC expenditures through June 2023, which included an increase to the RAC annual recoveries of approximately M and an increase to the NJCEP annual recoveries of approximately M, effective April 1, 2024. On March 20, 2024, the BPU approved NJNG's annual SBC filing. 
 
 2024 USF filing On June 28, 2024, NJNG submitted its annual USF filing to the BPU requesting an increase to the statewide USF rate, which resulted in an approximately M increase to annual recoveries. On September 25, 2024, the BPU approved this filing, effective October 1, 2024. 
 
 2024 SBC filing On September 30, 2024, NJNG submitted its annual SBC filing to the BPU requesting approval of RAC expenditures through June 2024, which included an increase to the RAC annual recoveries of approximately M and an increase to the NJCEP annual recoveries of approximately M, which would be effective April 1, 2025. 
 
 Page 89 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 IIP. The IIP consists of components, transmission and distribution investments and information technology replacement and enhancements. The total investment for the IIP is approximately M. Upon approval from the BPU, investments are being recovered through annual filings to adjust base rates. In October 2020, the BPU approved the Company s transmission and distribution component of the IIP for M over , effective November 1, 2020. The recovery of information technology replacement and enhancements that was included in the original IIP filing will be included as part of base rate filings as projects are placed in service. 
 
 2023 IIP filing In March 2023, NJNG submitted its annual IIP filing to the BPU requesting a rate increase for estimated capital expenditures of approximately M through June 30, 2023. This filing was updated in July 2023, with actual expenses of approximately M through June 30, 2023. The BPU approved this filing in September 2023, which resulted in an approximately M revenue increase, effective October 1, 2023. 
 
 2024 IIP filing On March 28, 2024, NJNG submitted its annual IIP filing to the BPU requesting a rate increase for capital expenditures of approximately M through June 30, 2024. The filing was updated July 26, 2024, to reflect actual expenses of approximately M through June 30, 2024. The BPU approved this filing on September 25, 2024, which resulted in an approximately M revenue increase, effective October 1, 2024. 

Page 90 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

Fair Value of Derivatives 
 
 Financial commodity contracts Derivatives - current ES: Physical commodity contracts Derivatives - current Derivatives - noncurrent Financial commodity contracts Derivatives - current Derivatives - noncurrent Total fair value of derivatives 

Page 91 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 ) ) ) Financial commodity ) ) ) Total ES ) ) ) ) NJNG Contracts Physical commodity ) ) Financial commodity ) Total NJNG ) ) ) As of September 30, 2023 ES Contracts Physical commodity ) ) ) Financial commodity ) ) ) Total ES ) ) ) ) NJNG Contracts Physical commodity ) ) Financial commodity ) ) Total NJNG ) ) 
 (1) Derivative assets and liabilities are presented on a gross basis on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, as the Company does not elect balance sheet offsetting under ASC 210-20. 
 (2) Includes transactions with NAESB netting election, transactions held by FCMs with net margining and transactions with ISDA netting. 
 (3) Financial collateral includes cash balances at FCMs, as well as cash received from or pledged to other counterparties. 
 (4) Net amounts represent presentation of derivative assets and liabilities if the Company were to elect balance sheet offsetting under ASC 210-20. 
 
 ES utilizes financial derivatives to economically hedge the gross margin associated with the purchase of physical natural gas to be used for storage injection and its subsequent sale at a later date. The gains or (losses) on the financial transactions that are economic hedges of the cost of the purchased natural gas are recognized prior to the gains or (losses) on the physical transaction, which are recognized in earnings when the natural gas is delivered. Therefore, mismatches between the timing of the recognition of realized gains or (losses) on the financial derivative instruments and gains or (losses) associated with the actual sale of the natural gas that is being economically hedged, along with fair value changes in derivative instruments, create volatility in the results of ES, although the Company s intended economic results relating to the entire transaction are unaffected. 
 
 ) Physical commodity contracts Natural gas purchases ) ) Financial commodity contracts Natural gas purchases Foreign currency contracts Natural gas purchases ) Total unrealized and realized gain 
 
 Page 92 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) ) Financial commodity contracts ) Total unrealized and realized gain (loss) ) 
 
 ) 2023 ) 
 
 M and M SRECs that were open as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . 

ES Restricted broker margin accounts - current assets Restricted broker margin accounts - current liabilities 
 
 Wholesale Credit Risk 
 
 NJNG, ES, CEV and S T are exposed to credit risk as a result of their sales/wholesale marketing activities. As a result of the inherent volatility in the prices of natural gas commodities, derivatives and SRECs, the market value of contractual positions with individual counterparties could exceed established credit limits or collateral provided by those counterparties. If a counterparty fails to perform the obligations under its contract, then the Company could sustain a loss. 
 
 The Company monitors and manages the credit risk of its wholesale operations through credit policies and procedures that management believes reduce overall credit risk. These policies include a review and evaluation of current and prospective counterparties financial statements and/or credit ratings, daily monitoring of counterparties credit limits and exposure, daily communication with traders regarding credit status and the use of credit mitigation measures, such as collateral requirements and netting agreements. Examples of collateral include letters of credit and cash received for either prepayment or margin deposit. Collateral may be requested due to the Company s election not to extend credit or because exposure exceeds defined thresholds. Most of the Company s wholesale marketing contracts contain standard netting provisions. These contracts include those governed by ISDA and the NAESB. The netting provisions refer to payment netting, whereby receivables and payables with the same counterparty are offset and the resulting net amount is paid to the party to which it is due. 

Page 93 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 Noninvestment grade Internally-rated investment grade Internally-rated noninvestment grade Total 
 
 Conversely, certain of NJNG s and ES s derivative instruments are linked to agreements containing provisions that would require cash collateral payments from the Company if certain events occur. These provisions vary based upon the terms in individual counterparty agreements and can result in cash payments if NJNG s credit rating were to fall below its current level. Specifically, most, but not all, of these additional payments will be triggered if NJNG s debt is downgraded by the major credit agencies, regardless of investment grade status. In addition, some of these agreements include threshold amounts that would result in additional collateral payments if the values of derivative liabilities were to exceed the maximum values provided for in relevant counterparty agreements. Other provisions include payment features that are not specifically linked to ratings, but are based on certain financial metrics. 
 
 Collateral amounts associated with any of these conditions are determined based on a sliding scale and are contingent upon the degree to which the Company s credit rating and/or financial metrics deteriorate, and the extent to which liability amounts exceed applicable threshold limits. Derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features that were in a liability position for which collateral is required were immaterial as of both September 30, 2024 and 2023. These amounts differ from the respective net derivative liabilities reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets because the agreements also include clauses, commonly known as Rights of Offset, that would permit the Company to offset its derivative assets against its derivative liabilities for determining additional collateral to be posted, as previously discussed. 

Fair market value NJR Carrying value (1) 
 Fair market value 
 (1) See Note 9. Debt f or a reconciliation to long-term and short-term debt . 
 Page 94 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 M and M and the estimated fair value was approximately M and M as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The carrying value of the natural gas meter sale leasebacks was approximately M and M and the estimated fair value of certain natural gas meter sale leasebacks amounted to approximately M and M as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Company utilizes a discounted cash flow method to determine the fair value of its debt. Inputs include observable municipal and corporate yields, as appropriate, for the maturity of the specific debt instrument and the Company s credit rating. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company discloses its debt within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Financial derivative portfolios of NJNG and ES consist mainly of futures, options and swaps. The Company primarily uses the market approach, and its policy is to use actively quoted market prices when available. The principal market for its derivative transactions is the natural gas wholesale market; therefore, the primary sources for its price inputs are CME, NYMEX and ICE. ES uses Platts and Natural Gas Exchange for Canadian delivery points. However, ES also engages in transactions that result in transporting natural gas to delivery points for which there is no actively quoted market price. In most instances, the transportation cost to the final delivery location is not significant to the overall valuation. If required, ES s policy is to use the best information available to determine fair value based on internal pricing models, which would include estimates extrapolated from broker quotes or other pricing services. 
 Page 95 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

Financial commodity contracts Money market funds Other Total assets at fair value Liabilities Physical commodity contracts Financial commodity contracts Total liabilities at fair value As of September 30, 2023 Assets Physical commodity contracts Financial commodity contracts Money market funds Other Total assets at fair value Liabilities Physical commodity contracts Financial commodity contracts Total liabilities at fair value 

equity method investment in Steckman Ridge, a jointly owned and controlled natural gas storage facility located in Bedford County, Pennsylvania. The Company s investment in Steckman Ridge was M and M as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which includes loans with a total outstanding principal balance of M for both September 30, 2024 and 2023. On October 1, 2023, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Loan Agreement with Steckman Ridge to extend the existing loan agreement and moved from London Interbank Offered Rate to Secured Overnight Financing Rate. These loans accrue interest at a variable rate that resets quarterly and are now due October 1, 2027. 
 
 NJNG and ES have entered into storage and park and loan agreements with Steckman Ridge. See Note 16. Related Party Transactions for more information on these intercompany transactions. 

Page 96 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 Basic earnings per share Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding-basic Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per share Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding-basic Incremental shares (1) 
 Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding-diluted Diluted earnings per common share 
 (1) Incremental shares consist primarily of unvested stock awards and performance units, which are calculated using the treasury stock method. 

August 1, 2041 Series PP April 15, 2028 Series QQ March 13, 2024 Series RR March 13, 2044 Series SS April 15, 2025 Series TT April 15, 2045 Series UU June 21, 2046 Series VV May 11, 2048 Series WW April 1, 2042 Series XX April 1, 2038 Series YY April 1, 2059 Series ZZ July 17, 2049 Series AAA July 17, 2059 Series BBB August 1, 2039 Series CCC August 1, 2043 Series DDD June 30, 2050 Series EEE July 23, 2050 Series FFF July 23, 2060 Series GGG September 1, 2050 Series HHH September 1, 2060 Series III October 30, 2051 Series JJJ October 28, 2061 Series LLL May 27, 2037 Series MMM May 27, 2052 Series NNN October 24, 2052 Series OOO September 28, 2033 Series PPP October 30, 2053 Series QQQ June 26, 2054 Series RRR September 30, 2034 Meter financing obligation Various dates Less: Debt issuance costs ) ) Less: Current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Total NJNG long-term debt 
 Page 97 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 November 7, 2024 Unsecured senior notes August 18, 2026 Unsecured senior notes June 8, 2028 Unsecured senior notes July 17, 2029 Unsecured senior notes July 23, 2030 Unsecured senior notes July 23, 2032 Unsecured senior notes September 1, 2031 Unsecured senior notes September 1, 2033 Unsecured senior notes June 23, 2027 Unsecured senior notes September 19, 2034 Unsecured senior notes December 15, 2032 Less: Debt issuance costs ) ) Less: Current maturities of long-term debt ) Total NJR long-term debt CEV Solar asset financing obligation Various dates Less: Current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Total CEV long-term debt Total long-term debt 
 
 NJNG 
 
 NJR 
 
 On November 7, 2024, NJR entered into a Note Purchase Agreement under which NJR issued M senior notes at a fixed interest rate of , maturing in 2034. 
 
 NJNG 
 
 First Mortgage Bonds 
 
 NJNG and Trustee entered into the Mortgage Indenture, dated September 1, 2014, which secures all the outstanding FMBs issued by NJNG. The Mortgage Indenture provides a direct first mortgage lien upon substantially all the operating properties and franchises of NJNG (other than excepted property, such as cash on hand, choses-in-action, securities, rent, natural gas meters and certain materials, supplies, appliances and vehicles), subject only to certain permitted encumbrances. The Mortgage Indenture contains provisions subjecting after-acquired property (other than excepted property and subject to pre-existing liens, if any, at the time of acquisition) to the lien thereof. 
 
 NJNG s Mortgage Indenture does not restrict NJNG s ability to pay dividends. New Jersey Administrative Code 14:4-4.7 states that a public utility cannot issue dividends without regulatory approval if its equity-to-total-capitalization ratio falls below . As of September 30, 2024, NJNG s equity-to-total-capitalization ratio is and NJNG has the capacity to issue up to B of FMB under the terms of the Mortgage Indenture. 
 
 In September 2023, NJNG entered into a Note Purchase Agreement for M aggregate principal amount of its senior notes consisting of M of senior notes due September 28, 2033, which closed on September 28, 2023, and M of senior notes due October 30, 2053, which closed on October 30, 2023. 
 
 On June 26, 2024, NJNG entered into a Note Purchase Agreement for M aggregate principal amount of its senior notes consisting of M of senior notes due June 26, 2054, which closed on June 26, 2024, and M of senior notes due September 30, 2034, which closed on September 30, 2024. 
 
 The senior notes are secured by an equal principal amount of NJNG s FMBs issued under NJNG s Mortgage Indenture. 
 Page 98 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 M and M during fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, in connection with the sale leaseback of its natural gas meters, with terms ranging from six to years. NJNG records the sale leaseback as a financing obligation for accounting purposes that is paid over the term of the arrangement and has the option to purchase the meters back at fair value upon expiration of the lease. 
 
 Less: Interest component ) Total 
 
 Clean Energy Ventures 
 
 CEV enters into transactions to sell the commercial solar assets concurrent with agreements to lease the assets back over a period of five to . These transactions are treated as financing obligations for accounting purposes and are typically secured by the renewable energy facility asset and its future cash flows from RECs and energy sales. ITCs and other tax benefits associated with these solar projects are transferred to the buyer, if applicable; however, the lease payments are structured so that CEV is compensated for the transfer of the related tax incentives. CEV continues to operate the solar assets, including related expenses, and retain the revenue generated from RECs and energy sales, and has the option to repurchase the assets sold or renew the lease at the end of the lease term. CEV received proceeds of approximately M and M during fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, in connection with the sale leaseback of commercial solar assets. The proceeds received were recognized as a financing obligation on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Less: Interest component ) Total 

(2) August 2029 2023 (2) September 2027 NJNG bank revolving credit facility (3) 
 2024 (4) August 2029 2023 (4) September 2027 
 (1) Committed credit facility, which requires commitment fees of on the unused amount. 
 (2) Letters of credit outstanding total approximately M and M as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which reduces the amount available by the same amount. 
 (3) Committed credit facility, which requires commitment fees of on the unused amount. 
 (4) Letters of credit outstanding total approximately M at both September 30, 2024 and 2023, which reduces the amount available by the same amount. 
 
 Page 99 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 M to M and extended the maturity date to August 7, 2029, pursuant to NJR s option to extend the maturity date under the NJR Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, and permits NJR to request that the maturity date be extended up to two times for an additional period of one year each. The NJR Credit Facility includes an accordion feature, which allows NJR, in the absence of a default or event of default, to increase from time to time, with the existing or new lenders, the revolving credit commitments under the NJR Credit Facility in increments of at least M, with the total revolving credit commitments not exceeding M. The NJR Credit Facility also permits the borrowing of revolving loans and swingline loans, as well as a M sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit. Certain of NJR s unregulated subsidiaries have guaranteed all of NJR s obligations under the NJR Credit Facility. The credit facility is used primarily to finance its share repurchases, to satisfy ES s short-term liquidity needs and to finance, on an initial basis, unregulated investments. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, NJR had letters of credit outstanding totaling M, which reduced the amount available under the NJR Credit Facility by the same amount. NJR does not anticipate that these letters of credit will be drawn upon by the counterparties, and they will be renewed as necessary. 
 
 Neither NJNG nor the results of its operations are obligated or pledged to support the NJR credit or debt shelf facilities. 
 
 NJNG 
 
 On August 7, 2024, NJNG entered into a second amendment to NJNG s Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement governing a M NJNG Credit Facility, which extended the maturity date of the facility to August 7, 2029, pursuant to NJNG s option to extend the maturity date under the NJNG Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, and permits NJNG to request that the maturity date be extended up to two times for an additional period of one year each. The NJNG Credit Facility includes an accordion feature, which allows NJNG, in the absence of a default or event of default, to increase from time to time, with the existing or new lenders, the revolving credit commitments under the NJNG Credit Facility in increments of at least M with the total revolving credit commitments not exceeding M. The NJNG Credit Facility also permits the borrowing of revolving loans and swingline loans, as well as a M sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, NJNG has letters of credit outstanding for M, which reduced the amount available under the NJNG Credit Facility by the same amount. NJNG does not anticipate that these letters of credit will be drawn upon by the counterparties. 

shares remain available for future issuance. 
 
 Restricted and non-restricted stock Deferred retention stock Compensation expense included in operation and maintenance expense Income tax benefit (1) 
 ) ) ) Total, net of tax 
 (1) Excludes additional tax expense related to delivered shares of M, M and M as of September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Page 100 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 performance shares, which are market condition awards that vest on September 30, 2026, subject to the Company meeting certain conditions. In fiscal 2024, the Company also granted to certain officers performance shares, of which vest on September 30, 2026, and vest annually over a period beginning in September 2024, both of which are subject to the Company meeting certain performance conditions. 
 
 In fiscal 2023, the Company granted to certain officers performance shares, which are market condition awards that vest on September 30, 2025, subject to the Company meeting certain conditions. In fiscal 2023, the Company also granted to certain officers performance shares, of which vest on September 30, 2025, and vest annually over a period beginning in September 2023, both of which are subject to the Company meeting certain performance conditions. 
 
 In fiscal 2022, the Company granted to certain officers performance shares, which are market condition awards that vested on September 30, 2024, subject to the Company meeting certain conditions. In fiscal 2022, the Company also granted to certain officers performance shares, of which vested on September 30, 2024, and vest annually over a period beginning in September 2022, both of which were subject to the Company meeting certain performance conditions. The vesting of these awards are shown in the table below. 
 
 There is approximately M of deferred compensation related to unvested performance shares that is expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of years. 
 
 Granted Vested (2) 
 ) Cancelled/forfeited ) Non-vested and outstanding at September 30, 2022 Granted Vested (3) 
 ) Cancelled/forfeited ) Non-vested and outstanding at September 30, 2023 Granted Vested (4) 
 ) Cancelled/forfeited ) Non-vested and outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 (1) The number of common shares issued related to certain performance shares may range from to of the number of shares shown in the table above based on the Company s achievement of performance goals. 
 (2) As certified by the Company s Leadership and Compensation Committee on November 9, 2022, the number of common shares earned related to TSR performance was or shares, the number of common shares earned related to NFE performance was or shares, and the number of common shares earned related to Performance Based Restricted Stock was or shares. Each award earned excludes accumulated dividends. The number represented on this line is the target number of . 
 (3) As certified by the Company s Leadership and Compensation Committee on November 15, 2023, the number of common shares earned related to TSR performance was or shares, the number of common shares earned related to NFE performance was or shares, and the number of common shares earned related to Performance Based Restricted Stock was or shares. Each award earned excludes accumulated dividends. The number represented on this line is the target number of . 
 (4) As certified by the Company s Leadership and Compensation Committee on November 6, 2024, the number of common shares earned related to TSR performance was or shares, the number of common shares earned related to NFE performance was or shares, and the number of common shares earned related to Performance Based Restricted Stock was or shares. Each award earned excludes accumulated dividends. The number represented on this line is the target number of . 
 
 The Company measures compensation expense related to performance shares based on the fair value of these awards at their date of grant. In accordance with ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation , compensation expense for market condition grants are recognized for awards granted, and are not adjusted based on actual achievement of the performance goals. The Company estimated the fair value of these grants on the date of grant using a lattice model. Performance condition grants are initially fair valued at the Company s stock price on the grant date and are subsequently adjusted for actual achievement of the performance goals. 
 Page 101 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 , and shares of restricted stock during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The shares vest annually over a period beginning in October of the fiscal year in which they were granted. On April 25, 2024, the Company also granted an additional shares of restricted stock that vest annually over a period beginning in April of the fiscal year in which they were granted. There is approximately M of deferred compensation related to unvested restricted stock shares that is expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of years. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Cancelled/forfeited ) Non-vested and outstanding at September 30, 2022 Granted Vested ) Cancelled/forfeited ) Non-vested and outstanding at September 30, 2023 Granted Vested ) Cancelled/forfeited ) Non-vested and outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 
 Deferred Retention Stock Units 
 
 Deferred retention stock awards are granted upon approval by the Board of Directors, which generally occurs subsequent to the fiscal year end. Deferred retention stock awards vest immediately when granted, with shares delivered at a future date in accordance with the terms of the underlying agreements. The expense for these awards is recognized in the fiscal year in which services are rendered. 
 Granted/Vested Delivered ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2022 Granted/Vested Delivered ) Outstanding at September 30, 2023 Granted/Vested Delivered ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 
 Non-Employee Director Stock 
 
 Non-employee director compensation includes an annual equity retainer that is awarded at the time of the Company s annual meeting of shareowners. The shares vest upon the earlier of the first anniversary of the grant date or the date of the Company s next annual meeting of shareowners following the grant date and are amortized to expense over a 12-month period. 
 Page 102 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 Weighted average grant date fair value 

trusteed, noncontributory defined benefit retirement plans covering eligible regular represented and non-represented employees with more than of service. Defined benefit plan benefits are based on years of service and average compensation during the highest consecutive months of employment. The Company also provides postemployment medical and life insurance benefits to employees who meet certain eligibility requirements. 
 
 All represented employees of NJRHS hired on or after October 1, 2000, non-represented employees hired on or after October 1, 2009 and NJNG represented employees hired on or after January 1, 2012 are covered by an enhanced defined contribution plan instead of the defined benefit plan. Participation in the postemployment medical and life insurance plan was also frozen to new employees as of the same dates, with the exception of new NJRHS represented employees, for which benefits were frozen beginning April 3, 2012. 
 
 The Company maintains an unfunded nonqualified PEP that was established to provide employees with the full level of benefits as stated in the qualified plan without reductions due to various limitations imposed by the provisions of federal income tax laws and regulations. There are no plan assets in the nonqualified plan due to the nature of the plan. 
 
 The Company s funding policy for its pension plans is to contribute at least the minimum amount required by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. In fiscal 2024 and 2023, the Company had no minimum funding requirements and did make any discretionary contributions to the pension plans. The Company does not expect to be required to make additional contributions to fund the pension plans during the next fiscal year based on current actuarial assumptions; however, funding requirements are uncertain and can depend significantly on changes in actuarial assumptions, returns on plan assets and changes in the demographics of eligible employees and covered dependents. 
 
 There are no federal requirements to pre-fund OPEB benefits. However, the Company is required to fund certain amounts due to regulatory agreements with the BPU. The Company contributed M and M in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, and estimates that it will contribute between M and M over each of the next five years. Additional contributions may be required based on market conditions and changes to assumptions. 
 
 In January 2024, the Company announced changes to its postretirement medical benefits plan. Beginning on January 1, 2025, the Company will replace the existing retiree medical coverage for certain eligible employees age 65 and older and their Medicare-eligible dependents with an employer-funded Health Reimbursement Arrangement. Medicare-eligible participants may use the Health Reimbursement Arrangement toward the purchase of supplemental insurance coverage and for other qualified medical expenses. The liability associated with postretirement medical benefits was remeasured as of January 1, 2024. The change in post-retirement medical benefits is being amortized into earnings over approximately , the average remaining service to retirement for all plan participants. 
 
 Page 103 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 Service cost Interest cost Plan amendments ) Plan participants contributions (2) 
 Actuarial loss (gain) ) Benefits paid, net of retiree subsidies received ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets Employer contributions Benefits paid, net of plan participants contributions (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status ) ) Amounts recognized on Consolidated Balance Sheets Postemployment employee benefit asset Noncurrent Postemployment employee benefit liability Current ) ) ) ) Noncurrent ) ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 (1) Includes the Company s PEP. 
 (2) Contributions made by employees hired prior to July 1, 1998, that were eligible to elect an additional participant contribution to enhance their benefits, were immaterial during the periods. 
 
 The Company recognizes a liability for its underfunded benefit plans as required by ASC 715, Compensation - Retirement Benefits . The Company records the offset to regulatory assets for the portion of liability relating to NJNG and to accumulated OCI for the portion of the liability related to its unregulated operations. The increase in actuarial loss during fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023 for both pension and OPEB was due primarily to the decrease in the discount rate. 
 
 ) Amounts arising during the period: Net actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Amounts amortized to net periodic costs: Net actuarial (loss) ) ) Prior service (cost) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 Amounts arising during the period: Net actuarial (gain) loss ) Prior service (credit) ) ) Amounts amortized to net periodic costs: Net actuarial gain (loss) ) ) ) Prior service (cost) credit ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 Page 104 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 Prior service cost (credit) ) ) Total 
 
 To the extent the unrecognized amounts in accumulated OCI or regulatory assets exceed 10 of the greater of the benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets, an amortized amount over the average expected future working lifetime of the active plan participants is recognized. 
 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Recognized actuarial loss Prior service cost (credit) amortization ) ) Net periodic benefit cost recognized as expense ) 
 
 Assumptions 
 
 / 
 (1) / 
 (1) / 
 (1) / 
 (1) / 
 (1) / 
 (1) Expected asset return Compensation increase / 
 (1) / 
 (1) / 
 (1) / 
 (1) / 
 (1) / 
 (1) Obligations: Discount rate / 
 (1) / 
 (1) / 
 (1) / 
 (1) / 
 (1) / 
 (1) Compensation increase / 
 (1) / 
 (1) / 
 (1) / 
 (1) / 
 (1) / 
 (1) 
 (1) Percentages for represented and non-represented plans, respectively. 

Page 105 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 Ultimate HCCTR Year ultimate HCCTR reached 2032 2032 2027 
 
 The Company s investment objective is a long-term real rate of return on assets before permissible expenses that is approximately 5 greater than the assumed rate of inflation, as measured by the consumer price index. The expected long-term rate of return is based on the asset categories in which the Company invests and the current expectations and historical performance for these categories. 
 
 International equity securities Fixed income Collective investment trusts at NAV Total 
 
 The Company uses mortality assumptions published by the Society of Actuaries for its pension and other postemployment benefit obligations, which reflects life expectancies in the U.S. The Company used projection scale MP-2021 and the Pri-2012 mortality study as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 OPEB 
 
 The Company s OPEB plans provide prescription drug benefits that are actuarially equivalent to those provided by Medicare Part D. Therefore, under the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003, the Company qualifies for federal subsidies. Estimated subsidy payments for fiscal 2024 and 2025 are immaterial and zero thereafter. 
 Page 106 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 Registered Investment Companies: Equity Funds: Large Cap Index Extended Market Index International Stock Fixed Income Funds: Emerging Markets Core Fixed Income High Yield Bond Fund Long Duration Fund Total assets in the fair value hierarchy Investments measured at net asset value Collective investment trusts Total assets at fair value As of September 30, 2023 Assets Registered Investment Companies: Equity Funds: Large Cap Index Extended Market Index International Stock Fixed Income Funds: Emerging Markets Core Fixed Income High Yield Bond Fund Long Duration Fund Total assets in the fair value hierarchy Investments measured at net asset value Collective investment trusts Total assets at fair value 
 
 The Plan had no Level 2 or Level 3 fair value measurements during fiscal 2024 and 2023, and there have been no changes 
 in valuation methodologies as of September 30, 2024. The Plan held assets that are valued using NAV as a practical expedient, which are excluded from the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The methods described above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the Plan believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. 
 Page 107 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 of participants contributions up to of base compensation. Beginning on March 6, 2024, the Company s contribution changed to of the first and of the next of base compensation. Represented NJRHS employees, non-represented employees hired on or after October 1, 2009, and NJNG represented employees hired on or after January 1, 2012, are eligible for an employer special contribution of between and of base compensation, depending on years of service, into the Savings Plan on their behalf. The amount expensed and contributed for the matching provision of the Savings Plan was M in fiscal 2024, M in fiscal 2023 and M in fiscal 2022. The amount contributed for the employer special contribution of the Savings Plan was M in fiscal 2024, M in fiscal 2023 and M in fiscal 2022. 

State ) Deferred: Federal State ) Investment/production tax credits ) ) ) Income tax provision 
 
 State net operating losses Deferred revenue Fair value of derivatives Impairment of equity method investment Postemployment benefits Incentive compensation Amortization of intangibles Overrecovered natural gas costs Allowance for doubtful accounts Other Total deferred tax assets Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities Property-related items ) ) Remediation costs ) ) Investments in equity investees ) ) Conservation incentive program ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 (1) Includes approximately M for NJNG for both fiscal 2024 and 2023, which is being amortized over the life of the related assets. 
 Page 108 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 Change resulting from: Investment/production tax credits ) ) ) Cost of removal of assets placed in service prior to 1981 ) ) ) AFUDC equity ) ) ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit Valuation allowance ) ) ) Tax Act - utility excess deferred income taxes amortized ) ) ) Other ) Income tax provision Effective income tax rate 
 
 The Company and one or more of its subsidiaries files or expects to file income and/or franchise tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in the states of Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Mississippi, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. The Company neither files in, nor believes it has a filing requirement in, any foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 The Company s U.S. federal income tax returns through fiscal 2020 have either been reviewed by the IRS, or the related statute of limitations has expired and all matters have been settled. U.S. federal income tax returns for periods subsequent to fiscal 2020 are open to examination by the IRS. For all periods subsequent to those ended September 30, 2020, the Company s state income tax returns are statutorily open to examination in all applicable states with the exception of Colorado and Texas. 
 
 In March 2024, the State of New Jersey commenced an examination of the Company s Corporate Business Tax return for NJR and certain subsidiaries for the fiscal periods ended September 30, 2019 through September 30, 2022. 
 
 NJR evaluates its tax positions to determine the appropriate accounting and recognition of potential future obligations associated with uncertain tax positions. A tax benefit claimed, or expected to be claimed, on a tax return may be recognized only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be upheld upon examination by the applicable taxing authority and is measured based on the largest tax benefit that is more than 50 likely to be realized. Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, if any, are recognized within income tax expense, and accrued interest and penalties are recognized within other noncurrent liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Inflation Reduction Act 
 
 In August 2022, the President of the U.S. signed the Inflation Reduction Act, which contains provisions addressing inflation, clean energy, healthcare and taxes beginning in 2023. The Inflation Reduction Act imposes a 15 minimum tax rate on corporations with higher than 1B of annual income, along with a 1 excise tax on corporate stock repurchases. The Inflation Reduction Act raised the ITC from 26 to 30 through the end of 2032, dropping to 26 for property under construction before the end of 2033 and to 22 for property under construction before the end of 2034. The ITC expires starting in 2035 unless it is renewed. There are additional opportunities to increase the credit amount for certain facilities that are placed in service after December 31, 2022. The credit amount can be increased by 10 if certain domestic content requirements are satisfied or if the facility is located in an energy community, such as a brownfield site. ITCs are also expanded to include stand-alone energy storage projects without being integrated into a solar facility, allowing solar to claim production tax credits that are a production-based credit extending for 10 years following the placed-in-service date of the facility, and introducing the concept of transferability of tax credits, providing an additional option to monetize such credits. 
 
 The Company evaluated the impacts of the Inflation Reduction Act on its financial position, results of operations and cash flows, noting the corporate alternative minimum tax does not impact the Company as the applicable income thresholds have not been met. Upon the repurchase of common stock through the Company s share repurchase program, the Company would be subject to the 1 excise tax. 
 
 Page 109 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 M and M, respectively, which each have a life of years. The Company expects to utilize this entire carryforward prior to expiration, which would begin in fiscal 2036. 
 
 The impairment of the equity method investment in PennEast created net capital loss attributes totaling approximately M, which could only be utilized to offset capital gains income and carried back three years and forward five years prior to expiration. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company determined that the tax losses created by the impairment may qualify as an ordinary loss, rather than a capital loss. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had a valuation allowance of approximately M and M, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company evaluated certain tax benefits recorded in the Consolidated Financial Statements and concluded that a portion of the tax benefits are uncertain at this time. As a result, the Company recorded a reserve for uncertain tax benefits. 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current fiscal period Balance at September 30, 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, there are M of unrecognized tax benefits that if recognized would affect the annual effective tax rate. The tax benefits relate to fiscal tax years open to examination by the IRS and the state of Pennsylvania and may be subject to subsequent adjustment. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company has state income tax net operating losses of approximately M and M, respectively. These state net operating losses have varying carry-forward periods dictated by the state in which they were incurred; these state carry-forward periods range from seven to years, with the majority expiring after 2037. The Company expects to utilize this entire carryforward, other than as described below. 
 
 As of September 30, 2022, the Company had a valuation allowance of approximately M related to the recognition of state net operating loss carryforwards. As of September 30, 2023, it was determined that the realization of certain deferred tax assets was more likely than not, and thus the associated valuation allowance of approximately M was no longer required. Reversal of the valuation allowance resulted in a corresponding income tax benefit on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. As of September 30, 2024, the remaining valuation allowance of approximately M related primarily to other state income tax attributes which the Company could not conclude were realizable on a more-likely-than-not basis. 
 
 The Consolidated Appropriations Act extended the 30 ITC for solar property that is under construction on or before December 31, 2019. Projects placed in service after December 31, 2019, may also qualify for a 30 federal ITC if 5 or more of the total costs of a solar property are incurred before the end of the applicable year and there are continuous efforts to advance toward completion of the project, based on the IRS guidance around ITC safe harbor determination. The credit declined to for property under construction before the end of 2020. The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 extended the tax credit for property under construction during 2021 and 2022. The Inflation Reduction Act raised the ITC from 26 to 30 through the end of 2032, as previously stated. 

Page 110 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 and years and may include multiple options to extend the terms for an additional five to years. The Company s office leases vary in duration, ranging from two to years, and may or may not include extension or early purchase options. The Company s meter lease terms are between six and years with purchase options available prior to the end of the term. Equipment leases, including general office equipment, also vary in duration, with an average term of . The Company s storage and capacity leases have assumed terms of years to coincide with the expected useful lives of the cavern assets with which the leases are associated. The Company s lease terms may include options to extend, purchase the leased asset or terminate a lease, and they are included in the lease liability calculation when it is reasonably certain that those options will be exercised. The Company has elected an accounting policy that exempts leases with an original term of one year or less from the recognition requirements of ASC 842, Leases . 
 
 The Company has lease agreements with lease and non-lease components and has elected the practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components for certain classes of leases, such as office buildings, solar land leases and office equipment. Variable payments are not considered material to the Company. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees, material restrictions or material covenants. In July 2021, NJNG entered into lease agreements, as Lessor, with various NJR subsidiaries, as Lessees, for office space at the Company s headquarters in Wall, New Jersey, the effects of which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Page 111 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 Finance lease cost Amortization of right-of-use assets Depreciation and amortization Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense, net of capitalized interest Total finance lease cost Short-term lease cost Operation and maintenance Variable lease cost Operation and maintenance Total lease cost 
 (1) Net of capitalized costs. 
 
 The following table presents supplemental cash flow information related to leases for the fiscal year ended September 30: 
 (Thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows for operating leases Operating cash flows for finance leases Financing cash flows for finance leases 
 
 Assets obtained or modified through operating lease liabilities totaled approximately M and M during fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. Assets obtained or modified through other leases, including those which are finance leases and financing transactions for accounting purposes, totaled M during fiscal 2023. There were assets obtained or modified through finance leases during fiscal 2024. 
 
 Finance lease assets Utility plant Total lease assets Liabilities Current Operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt Noncurrent Operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Long-term debt Total lease liabilities 
 
 For operating lease assets and liabilities, the weighted average remaining lease term was years and years and the weighted average discount rate used in the valuation over the remaining lease term was and as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 For finance lease assets and liabilities, the weighted average remaining lease term was years and years and the weighted average discount rate used in the valuation over the remaining lease term was and as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Page 112 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total future payments Less: interest 
 ) ) Total liability 

M at current contract rates and volumes, which are recoverable through BGSS. 
 
 For the purpose of securing storage and pipeline capacity, ES enters into storage and pipeline capacity contracts, which require the payment of certain demand charges by ES to maintain the ability to access such natural gas storage or pipeline capacity, during a fixed time period, which generally ranges from one to years. Demand charges are established by interstate storage and pipeline operators and are regulated by FERC. These demand charges represent commitments to pay storage providers or pipeline companies for the right to store and/or transport natural gas utilizing their respective assets. 
 
 Storage demand fees Pipeline demand fees Sub-total ES NJNG: Natural gas purchases Storage demand fees Pipeline demand fees Sub-total NJNG Total 
 
 Certain pipeline demand fees totaling approximately M per year, for which ES is the responsible party, are being paid for by the counterparty to a capacity release transaction beginning November 1, 2021 for a period of 10 years. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company s future minimum lease payments under various operating leases will not be more than M annually for the next five years and M in the aggregate for all years thereafter. 
 
 Guarantees 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were NJR guarantees covering approximately M of ES s natural gas purchases and demand fee commitments not yet reflected in accounts payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Page 113 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 M to M. NJNG s estimate of these liabilities is based upon known facts, existing technology and enacted laws and regulations in place when the review was completed. Where it is probable that costs will be incurred, and the information is sufficient to establish a range of possible liability, NJNG accrues the most likely amount in the range. If no point within the range is more likely than the other, it is NJNG s policy to accrue the lower end of the range. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2024, NJNG recorded a MGP remediation liability and a corresponding regulatory asset of approximately M on the Consolidated Balance Sheets based on the most likely amount. The actual costs to be incurred by NJNG are dependent upon several factors, including final determination of remedial action, changing technologies and governmental regulations, the ultimate ability of other responsible parties to pay and insurance recoveries, if any. 
 
 NJNG recovers its remediation expenditures, including carrying costs, over rolling periods pursuant to a RAC approved by the BPU. As of September 30, 2024, M of previously incurred remediation costs, net of recoveries from customers and insurance proceeds, are included in regulatory assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. NJNG will continue to seek recovery of MGP-related costs through the RAC. If any future regulatory position indicates that the recovery of such costs is not probable, the related non-recoverable costs would be charged to income in the period of such determination. 
 
 General 
 
 The Company is involved, and from time to time in the future may be involved, in a number of pending and threatened judicial, regulatory and arbitration proceedings relating to matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of litigation matters, particularly when such matters are in their early stages or where the claimants seek indeterminate damages, the Company cannot state with confidence what the eventual outcome of the pending litigation will be, what the timing of the ultimate resolution of these matters will be, or what the eventual loss, fines or penalties related to each pending matter will be, if any. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the Company establishes accruals for litigation for those matters that present loss contingencies as to which it is both probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of such loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company also discloses contingent matters for which there is a reasonable possibility of a loss. Based upon currently available information, the Company believes that the results of litigation that are currently pending, taken together, will not have a materially adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The actual results of resolving the pending litigation matters may be substantially different than the amounts accrued. 
 
 The foregoing statements about the Company s litigation are based upon the Company s judgments, assumptions and estimates and are necessarily subjective and uncertain. The Company has a number of threatened and pending litigation matters at various stages. 

Page 114 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 (1) Intercompany ) ) Depreciation and amortization (2) Interest income (3) 
 ) Interest expense, net of capitalized interest Income tax provision Equity in earnings of affiliates Net financial earnings ) Capital expenditures 2023 Operating revenues External customers (1) Intercompany ) Depreciation and amortization (2) Interest income (3) 
 ) Interest expense, net of capitalized interest Income tax provision (benefit) ) ) ) Equity in earnings of affiliates Net financial earnings ) Capital expenditures 2022 Operating revenues External customers (1) Intercompany ) Depreciation and amortization (2) Interest income (3) 
 ) Interest expense, net of capitalized interest Income tax provision ) Equity in loss of affiliates ) Net financial earnings ) Capital expenditures Return of capital from equity investees ) ) ) 
 (1) Includes sales to Canada for ES, which were M and M during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. There were sales to Canada for ES during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. 
 (2) The amortization of acquired wholesale energy contracts is excluded above and is included in natural gas purchases - nonutility on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (3) Included in other income, net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Page 115 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 ) 2023 ) 2022 ) 
 (1) Consists of transactions between subsidiaries that are eliminated and reclassified in consolidation. 
 
 The CEO, who uses NFE as a measure of profit or loss in measuring the results of the Company s reporting segments and other business operations, is the chief operating decision maker of the Company. 
 Less: Unrealized loss (gain) on derivative instruments and related transactions ) ) Tax effect ) Effects of economic hedging related to natural gas inventory ) Tax effect ) ) Gain on equity method investment ) ) Tax effect ) Net income 
 
 The Company uses derivative instruments as economic hedges of purchases and sales of physical natural gas inventory. For GAAP purposes, these derivatives are recorded at fair value and related changes in fair value are included in reported earnings. Revenues and cost of natural gas related to physical natural gas flow are recognized when the natural gas is delivered to customers. Consequently, there is a mismatch in the timing of earnings recognition between the economic hedges and physical natural gas flows. Timing differences occur in two ways: 
 
 unrealized gains and losses on derivatives are recognized in reported earnings in periods prior to physical natural gas inventory flows; and 
 
 unrealized gains and losses of prior periods are reclassified as realized gains and losses when derivatives are settled in the same period as physical natural gas inventory movements occur. 
 
 NFE is a measure of the earnings based on eliminating these timing differences, to effectively match the earnings effects of the economic hedges with the physical sale of natural gas, SRECs and foreign currency contracts. Consequently, to reconcile between net income and NFE, current-period unrealized gains and losses on the derivatives are excluded from NFE as a reconciling item. Realized derivative gains and losses are also included in current-period net income. However, NFE includes only realized gains and losses related to natural gas sold out of inventory, effectively matching the full earnings effects of the derivatives with realized margins on physical natural gas flows. NFE also excludes certain transactions associated with equity method investments, including impairment charges, which are non-cash charges, and return of capital in excess of the carrying value of our investment. These are considered unusual in nature and occur infrequently such that they are not indicative of the Company s performance for its ongoing operations. Included in the tax effects are current and deferred income tax expense corresponding with the components of NFE. 

agreement for Bcf of firm storage capacity with Steckman Ridge, which expires on March 31, 2025. Under the terms of the agreement, NJNG incurs demand fees, at market rates, of approximately M annually, a portion of which is eliminated in consolidation. These fees are recoverable through NJNG s BGSS mechanism and are included as a component of regulatory assets. 
 
 Page 116 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (Continued) 

 ES Total 
 
 The following table summarizes demand fees payable to Steckman Ridge as of September 30: 
 (Thousands) 2024 2023 NJNG ES Total 
 
 NJNG and ES enter into various AMAs, the effects of which are eliminated in consolidation. Under the terms of these AMAs, NJNG releases certain transportation and storage contracts to ES. NJNG and ES had one AMA, which expired on March 31, 2024, and was not renewed. 
 
 NJNG entered into transportation agreements with Adelphia, each for committed capacity of Dths per day. The first is for in Zone South with an expiration date of August 8, 2027, and the second is for years in Zone North, with an expiration date of October 31, 2038. 
 
 ES had a agreement for Bcf of firm storage capacity with Leaf River, the effects of which were eliminated in consolidation. The agreement expired on March 31, 2024, and was not renewed. 
 
 NJNG and CEV entered into a sublease and PPA related to an onsite solar array and the related energy output at the Company s headquarters in Wall, New Jersey, with an expiration date of March 1, 2036, the effects of which are immaterial to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 NJNG entered into lease agreements, as Lessor, with various NJR subsidiaries, as Lessees, for office space at the Company s headquarters in Wall, New Jersey, with an expiration date of July 1, 2037, the effects of which are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 NJNG and CEV entered into a sublease and PPA related to an onsite solar array and the related energy output at the Company s LNG plant in Howell, New Jersey, with an expiration date of June 1, 2042, the effects of which are immaterial to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The intercompany profits for certain transactions between NJNG and ES and NJNG and Adelphia are not eliminated in accordance with ASC 980, Regulated Operations. 

M. The transaction is expected to generate a pre-tax gain of approximately M to M, which will be recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the first quarter of fiscal 2025. 
 
 Page 117 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part II 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL 
 DISCLOSURE 
 
 None 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The report of management required under this Item 9A is contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K under the caption Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . 
 
 Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The attestation report required under this Item 9A is contained in Item 8 of this Form 10-K under the caption Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm . 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We periodically review our internal controls over financial reporting as part of our efforts to ensure compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In addition, we routinely review our system of internal controls over financial reporting to identify potential changes to our processes and systems that may improve controls and increase efficiency, while ensuring that we maintain an effective internal controls environment. There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , no director or officer (as defined by Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 Page 118 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Information required by this item, including information concerning the Board of Directors of the Company, the members of the Company s Audit Committee, the Company s Audit Committee Financial Expert, compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and shareowner proposals, is incorporated by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareowners, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after September 30, 2024. The information regarding executive officers is included in this report as Item 1 under the caption Information About our Executive Officers and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The Board of Directors has adopted the Code of Conduct, a code for all directors, officers and employees, as required by the New York Stock Exchange rules, and governing the CEO and senior financial officers, in compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley and SEC regulations. Copies of the Code of Conduct are available on the Company s website at http://investor.njresources.com under the caption Corporate Governance . A printed copy of the Code of Conduct is available free of charge to any shareowner who requests it by contacting the Corporate Secretary at 1415 Wyckoff Road, Wall, New Jersey 07719. The Company will disclose any amendments to, or waivers from, a provision of the Code of Conduct that applies to the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions that relate to any element of the Code of Conduct as defined in Item 406 of Regulation S-K by posting such information on the Company s website. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND 
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Proxy Statement. 
 
 Page 119 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements. 
 All Financial Statements of the Registrant are filed as part of this report and included in Item 8 of Part II of this Form 10-K. 
 (a) 2. Financial Statement Schedules-See Index to Financial Statement Schedules in Item 8 . 
 (a) 3. Exhibits-See Exhibit Index on page 
 123 . 
 
 Page 120 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part IV 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Page Schedule II - Valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2024 
 122 

Schedules other than those listed above are omitted because they are either not required or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 Page 121 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part IV 

 SCHEDULE II 
 
 ) Allowance for doubtful accounts ) (2) 2023 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets ) (1) Allowance for doubtful accounts ) (2) 2022 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets ) Allowance for doubtful accounts ) (2) 
 (1) Includes valuation allowance release. See Note 12. Income Taxes for more details. 
 (2) Uncollectible accounts written off, less recoveries and adjustments. 
 Page 122 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part IV 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of New Jersey Resources Corporation, as amended through March 3, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on January 23, 2014 , and Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on March 3, 2015 
 3.2 Bylaws of New Jersey Resources Corporation, as amended and restated on July 11, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on July 15, 2024 
 4.1 Description of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, as filed on November 22, 2019 
 4.2 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013, as filed on November 25, 2013 
 4.3 Amended and Restated Indenture of Mortgage, Deed of Trust and Security Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2014, between NJNG and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on September 30, 2014 
 4.3(a) 36th Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 1, 2014, between NJNG and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on September 30, 2014 
 4.3(b) First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 1, 2015 between NJNG and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed on May 7, 2015 
 4.3(c) Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 1, 2016, between New Jersey Natural Gas Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K as filed on June 22, 2016 
 4.3(d) Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 1, 2018, by and between New Jersey Natural Gas Company and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on May 11, 2018 
 4.3(e) Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2019, between NJNG and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed on May 3, 2019 
 4.3(f) Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2019, by and between New Jersey Natural Gas Company and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on July 17, 2019 
 4.3(g) Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2019, between NJNG and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3(g) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, as filed on November 22, 2019 
 4.3(h) Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2020, between NJNG and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on July 2, 2020 
 4.3(i) Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2020, between NJNG and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on July 23, 2020 
 4.3(j) Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2020, between NJNG and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on September 2, 2020 
 4.3(k) Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2021, by and between New Jersey Natural Gas Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 3, 2021 
 4.3(l) Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 1, 2022, by and between New Jersey Natural Gas Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on June 1, 2022 
 4.3(m) Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2022, by and between New Jersey Natural Gas Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on October 28, 2022 
 
 Page 123 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part IV 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 4.3(n) Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2023, by and between New Jersey Natural Gas Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on October 2, 2023 
 4.3(o) Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2023, by and between New Jersey Natural Gas Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on October 31, 2023 
 4.3(p) Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2024, by and between New Jersey Natural Gas Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on July 1, 2024 
 4.3(q) Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2024, by and between New Jersey Natural Gas Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on October 2, 2024 
 4.4 75,000,000 Shelf Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2011, between New Jersey Resources Corporation and Prudential Investment Management, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K as filed on July 6, 2011 
 4.4(a) First Amendment to Shelf Note Purchase Agreement dated as of June 30, 2011, dated as of July 25, 2014, between New Jersey Resources Corporation, Prudential Investment Management, Inc., each Guarantor signatory thereto, and each Noteholder party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K as filed on November 12, 2014 
 4.4(b) Second Amendment to Shelf Note Purchase Agreement dated as of June 30, 2011, dated as of September 28, 2015, between New Jersey Resources Corporation and Prudential Investment Management, Inc., each Guarantor signatory thereto, and each Noteholder party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K as filed on October 2, 2015 
 4.4(c) Third Amendment to the Shelf Note Purchase Agreement dated as of June 30, 2011, dated as of November 1, 2021 among New Jersey Resources Corporation, PGIM, Inc. (formerly Prudential Investment Management, Inc.), each Guarantor signatory thereto, and each Noteholder party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 3, 2021 
 4.4(d) Fourth Amendment to the Shelf Note Purchase Agreement dated as of June 30, 2011, dated as of September 16, 2022, among New Jersey Resources Corporation, PGIM, Inc. (formerly Prudential Investment Management, Inc.), each Guarantor signatory thereto, and each Noteholder party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K as filed on September 20, 2022 
 4.5 125,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2014, by and among New Jersey Natural Gas Company and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed on May 7, 2014 
 4.6 Loan Agreement dated as of August 1, 2011, between New Jersey Economic Development Authority and New Jersey Natural Gas Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2011, as filed on November 23, 2011 
 4.7 First Amendment to the Loan Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2019, between NJNG and New Jersey Economic Development Authority (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, as filed on November 22, 2019 
 4.8 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2019, between NJNG and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, as filed on November 22, 2019 
 4.9 50,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2013, by and among New Jersey Natural Gas Company and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed on May 3, 2013 
 4.10 150,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2015, by and among New Jersey Natural Gas Company and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on February 17, 2015 
 
 Page 124 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part IV 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 4.11 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 22, 2016, among New Jersey Resources Corporation and each of the Purchasers listed in Schedule A thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on March 25, 2016 
 4.12 125,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2016, by and among New Jersey Natural Gas Company and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on June 22, 2016 
 4.13 125,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2018, by and among New Jersey Natural Gas Company and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on May 11, 2018 
 4.14 100,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 8, 2018, by and among New Jersey Resources Corporation and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on June 8, 2018 
 4.15 Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2019, between NJNG and New Jersey Economic Development Authority and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed on May 3, 2019 
 4.16 Second Amendment to the Loan Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2019, between NJNG and New Jersey Economic Development Authority (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed on May 3, 2019 
 4.17 Amended and Restated Continuing Disclosure Undertaking, dated as of April 18, 2019, by New Jersey Natural Gas Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed on May 3, 2019 
 4.18 150,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 17, 2019, by and among New Jersey Resources Corporation and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on July 17, 2019 
 4.19 185,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 17, 2019, by and among New Jersey Natural Gas Company and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on July 17, 2019 
 4.20 Amended and Restated Continuing Disclosure Undertaking, dated as of August 22, 2019, by New Jersey Natural Gas Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.20 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, as filed on November 22, 2019 
 4.21 260,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2020, by and among New Jersey Resources Corporation and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on May 18, 2020 
 
 4.22 125,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2020, by and among New Jersey Natural Gas Company and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on May 18, 2020 
 4.23 200,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020, by and among New Jersey Resources Corporation and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on September 2, 2020 
 4.24 75,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2020, by and among New Jersey Natural Gas Company and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on September 2, 2020 
 4.25 100,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2021, by and among New Jersey Natural Gas Company and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 3, 2021 
 4.26 First Amendment to the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of March 22, 2016, dated as of November 1, 2021 among New Jersey Resources Corporation, each Guarantor signatory thereto, and each Noteholder party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 3, 2021 
 
 Page 125 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part IV 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 4.27 First Amendment to the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of June 8, 2018, dated as of November 1, 2021 among New Jersey Resources Corporation, each Guarantor signatory thereto, and each Noteholder party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 3, 2021 
 4.28 First Amendment to the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of July 17, 2019, dated as of November 1, 2021 among New Jersey Resources Corporation, each Guarantor signatory thereto, and each Noteholder party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 3, 2021 
 4.29 First Amendment to the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of May 14, 2020, dated as of November 1, 2021 among New Jersey Resources Corporation, each Guarantor signatory thereto, and each Noteholder party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 3, 2021 
 4.30 First Amendment to the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of September 1, 2020, dated as of November 1, 2021 among New Jersey Resources Corporation, each Guarantor signatory thereto, and each Noteholder party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 3, 2021 
 4.31 100,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2022, by and among New Jersey Natural Gas Company and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on June 1, 2022 
 4.32 110,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 23, 2022, by and among New Jersey Resources Corporation and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on June 27, 2022 
 4.33 125,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2022, by and among New Jersey Natural Gas Company and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on October 28, 2022 
 4.34 50,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2022, by and among New Jersey Resources Corporation and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on October 28, 2022 
 4.35 100,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2023, by and among New Jersey Natural Gas Company and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on October 2, 2023 
 4.36 200,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated June 26, 2024, by and among New Jersey Natural Gas Company and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on July 1, 2024 
 4.37 100,000,000 Note Purchase Agreement, dated November 7, 2024, by and among New Jersey Resources Corporation and the Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 12, 2024 
 10.1 Form of Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between the Company and Named Executive Officer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, as filed on November 30, 2020 
 10.1(a) Schedule of Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreements for named executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1(a) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, as filed on November 30, 2020 
 10.2 Service Agreement for Rate Schedule SS-1 by and between NJNG and Texas Eastern Transmission Company, dated as of June 21, 1995 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-5B to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 1996, as filed on December 30, 1996 
 10.3+ Summary of 2024 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan 
 10.4 The Company s 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting as filed on December 15, 2016 
 10.5 New Jersey Resources Savings Equalization Plan (as amended and restated as of November 16, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, as filed on November 30, 2020 
 
 Page 126 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part IV 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 10.6 New Jersey Resources Pension Equalization Plan (as amended and restated as of November 16, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, as filed on November 30, 2020 
 10.7 New Jersey Resources Corporation Officers Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended and restated on November 16, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, as filed on November 30, 2020 
 10.8 Amended and Restated New Jersey Resources Corporation Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (amended and restated as of November 16, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, as filed on November 30, 2020 
 10.9 Form of Amended and Restated Employment Continuation Agreement between New Jersey Resources Corporation and named executive officer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 18, 2019 
 10.9(a) Schedule of Employee Continuation Agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, as filed on November 30, 2020 
 10.9(b) Form of Amended and Restated Employment Continuation Agreement for officers of NJR Energy Services Company dated as of November 12, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 18, 2019 
 10.10 Limited Liability Company Agreement of Steckman Ridge GP, LLC, dated as of March 2, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed on May 3, 2007 
 10.11 Limited Partnership Agreement of Steckman Ridge, LP dated as of March 2, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed on May 3, 2007 
 10.12 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Units Agreement Fiscal Year 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, as filed on November 30, 2020 
 10.13 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Agreement - Total Shareholder Return Fiscal Year 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, as filed on November 30, 2020 
 10.14 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Agreement - NFE Fiscal Year 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, as filed on November 30, 2020 
 10.15 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Fiscal Year 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, as filed on November 30, 2020 
 10.16 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Deferred Retention Stock Award Agreement Fiscal Year 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, as filed on November 30, 2020 
 10.17 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Form of Director Restricted Stock Units Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on January 23, 2020 
 10.18 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Units Agreement Fiscal Year 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 13, 2020 
 10.19 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Agreement - Total Shareholder Return Fiscal Year 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 13, 2020 
 10.20 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Agreement - NFE Fiscal Year 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 13, 2020 
 10.21 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Fiscal Year 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 13, 2020 
 
 Page 127 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part IV 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 10.22 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Units Agreement Fiscal Year 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 15, 2021 
 10.23 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Agreement - Total Shareholder Return Fiscal Year 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 15, 2021 
 10.24 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Agreement - NFE Fiscal Year 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 15, 2021 
 10.25 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement Fiscal Year 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 15, 2021 
 10.26 Incentive Award Agreement, by and between New Jersey Resources Corporation and Timothy F. Shea, dated as of January 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed on February 3, 2022 
 10.27 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Units Agreement Fiscal Year 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 17, 2022 
 10.28 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Agreement - Total Shareholder Return Fiscal Year 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 17, 2022 
 10.29 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Agreement - NFE Fiscal Year 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 17, 2022 
 10.30 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Agreement Fiscal Year 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 17, 2022 
 10.31 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Units Agreement Fiscal Year 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 21, 2023 
 10.32 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Agreement - Total Shareholder Return Fiscal Year 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 21, 2023 
 10.33 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Agreement - NFE Fiscal Year 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 21, 2023 
 10.34 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Units Agreement Fiscal Year 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 21, 2023 
 10.35 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Units Agreement Fiscal Year 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 12, 2024 
 10.36 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Agreement - Total Shareholder Return Fiscal Year 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 12, 2024 
 10.37 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Agreement - NFE Fiscal Year 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 12, 2024 
 10.38 New Jersey Resources Corporation 2017 Stock Award and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Units Agreement Fiscal Year 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on November 12, 2024 
 
 Page 128 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part IV 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 10.39 500,000,000 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 2, 2021, by and among New Jersey Resources Corporation, the guarantors thereto, the lenders party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as Syndication Agents, and U.S. Bank National Association, Bank of America, N.A., TD Bank, N.A. and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Documentation Agents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on September 9, 2021 
 10.40 250,000,000 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 2, 2021, by and among New Jersey Natural Gas Company, the lenders party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as Syndication Agents, and U.S. Bank National Association, Bank of America, N.A., TD Bank, N.A., and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Documentation Agents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on September 9, 2021 
 10.41 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2022, by and among NJR, the guarantors thereto, the lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on September 6, 2022 
 10.42 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 30, 2022, by and among NJNG, the lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on September 6, 2022 
 10.43 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2024, NJR, the guarantors thereto, the lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on August 9, 2024 
 10.44 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 7, 2024, by and among NJNG, the lenders party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed on August 9, 2024 
 10.45+ Asset Purchase Agreement, between NJR Clean Energy Ventures II Corporation and Spruce Power 5, LLC, dated as of November 25, 2024 
 19.1+ 
 21.1+ Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.1+ Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1+ Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 31.2+ Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 32.1+ Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 32.2+ Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 97 Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, as filed on November 21, 2023 
 101+ Interactive Data File {Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, furnished in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language)} 
 104+ Cover Page Interactive Data File included in Exhibit 101 
 ________________________________ 
 + Filed herewith. 
 Denotes compensatory plans or arrangements or management contracts. 
 Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. NJR agrees to furnish the omitted schedules supplementally to the SEC upon request by the SEC. 
 This certificate accompanies this report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by NJR for purposes of Section 18 or any other provision of the Exchange Act. 
 Page 129 

New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 Part IV 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 NEW JERSEY RESOURCES CORPORATION (Registrant) Date: November 26, 2024 By:/s/ Stephen M. Skrocki Stephen M. Skrocki Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 November 26, 2024 /s/ Stephen D. Westhoven November 26, 2024 /s/ Roberto Bel Stephen D. Westhoven President and Chief Executive Officer Director (Principal Executive Officer) Roberto Bel Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) November 26, 2024 /s/ Stephen M. Skrocki November 26, 2024 /s/ Peter C. Harvey Stephen M. Skrocki Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Peter C. Harvey Director November 26, 2024 /s/ Donald L. Correll November 26, 2024 /s/ Jane M. Kenny Donald L. Correll Chairman Jane M. Kenny Director November 26, 2024 /s/ Gregory E. Aliff November 26, 2024 /s/ Thomas C. O Connor Gregory E. Aliff Director Thomas C. O Connor Director November 26, 2024 /s/ James H. DeGraffenreidt, Jr. November 26, 2024 /s/ Michael O Sullivan James H. DeGraffenreidt, Jr. Director Michael O Sullivan Director November 26, 2024 /s/ M. Susan Hardwick November 26, 2024 /s/ Sharon C. Taylor M. Susan Hardwick Director Sharon C. Taylor Director 
 Page 130 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 njrex103sep2024.htm
 EX-10.3 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

Document 
 Exhibit 10.3 

 Summary of Non-Employee Director Compensation Effective January 2024 
 
 Annual Retainer for NJR Board 
 
 Annual Cash Retainer Fee 1 
 89,000 
 Annual Restricted Stock Unit RSU Retainer 
 (in common stock equivalent) 2 
 130,000 
 Non-Executive Chair Additional Annual Cash Retainer 1 
 50,000 
 Non-Executive Chair Additional RSU Retainer 2 
 50,000 
 Annual Retainer for Committee Members 1 
 Audit Committee 
 13,000 
 Leadership Development and Compensation Committee 
 7,000 
 Nominating Corporate Governance Committee 
 7,000 
 Additional Annual Retainer for Committee Chairs 1 
 Audit Committee 
 15,000 
 Leadership Development and Compensation Committee 
 15,000 
 Nominating Corporate Governance Committee 
 15,000 
 New Jersey Natural Gas Company NJNG Board Retainers 1 
 Annual Retainer NJNG Board Member 
 9,000 
 Additional Annual Retainer NJNG Board Chair 
 15,000 

In the event of extraordinary circumstances resulting in an excessive number of Board or Committee meetings beyond the typical number of meetings of a Board or Committee in a given year, the Board retains discretion to pay an additional per meeting fee of 1,500 to each attending non-employee director that is a member of such Board or Committee. 
 
 1 Cash Retainers will be paid in two equal semi-annual installments as soon as practicable after the annual meeting of shareowners and the July Board of Directors meetings. 
 
 2 Grants of the annual equity retainer in the form of restricted stock units (RSUs) will be made at the time of the annual meeting of shareowners. The number of RSUs will be based upon the closing price of a share of the Company s common stock on the date of the grant. The RSUs will accrue dividends and will vest on the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the grant date or (ii) the date of the following annual meeting of shareowners. The RSUs will be prorated through a director's termination date if a director leaves the Board before the RSUs have vested. Upon vesting, the RSUs and accrued dividends will be converted into shares of NJR common stock. The cash and equity retainers are pro-rated for directors who serve only a portion of the year. 
 
 This additional retainer will only be paid if the Chair of the New Jersey Natural Gas Company Board is a different person than the Chair of the New Jersey Resources Corporation Board. 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.45>
 3
 njrex1045sep2024.htm
 EX-10.45 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

Document 
 Execution 

 ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN NJR CLEAN ENERGY VENTURES II CORPORATION, 
 AS SELLER, 
 AND 
 SPRUCE POWER 5, LLC, AS BUYER, 
 DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 22, 2024 

165530988v21 
 ACTIVE 691738623v25 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 

 Section 1.1. Definitions 1 
 ARTICLE 2 PURCHASE AND SALE 11 
 Section 2.1. Purchase and Sale of the Acquired Assets and Assumption of the Assumed Liabilities 11 
 Section 2.2. Closing of the Transactions 16 
 Section 2.3. Payment of Purchase Price at the Closing 16 
 Section 2.4. Post-Closing Purchase Price True-Up 16 
 Section 2.5. Allocation of Final Purchase Price 17 
 Section 2.6. Assignment of Acquired Assets . 18 
 Section 2.7. Leaseback 19 
 Section 2.8. Withholding 19 
 ARTICLE 3 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER 19 
 Section 3.1. Organization and Qualification . 19 
 Section 3.2. Authority 19 
 Section 3.3. No Undisclosed Liabilities 20 
 Section 3.4. Consents and Approvals No Violations . 20 
 Section 3.5. Material Contracts . 20 
 Section 3.6. Absence of Changes 21 
 Section 3.7. Litigation 22 
 Section 3.8. Permits Compliance with Applicable Law . 22 
 Section 3.9. Regulatory Status 23 
 Section 3.10. Projects . 23 
 Section 3.11. Environmental Matters 24 
 Section 3.12. Insurance . 24 
 Section 3.13. Tax Matters. 24 
 Section 3.14. Brokers 26 
 Section 3.15. Real and Personal Property Title to and Sufficiency of Acquired Assets . 26 
 Section 3.16. Transactions with Affiliates 26 
 Section 3.17. Third Party Use of Databases 26 
 Section 3.18. Business Accounts Receivable 26 
 Section 3.19. Inventory 27 
 Section 3.20. Solar Assets 27 
 Section 3.21. Certain Payments 29 
 Section 3.22. No Other Representations 29 
 Section 3.23. Limited Guaranty 29 
 Section 3.24. EXCLUSIVITY OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 29 
 ARTICLE 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER 30 
 Section 4.1. Organization 30 
 Section 4.2. Authority 30 
 Section 4.3. Consents and Approvals No Violations . 30 
 Section 4.4. Litigation 31 
 Section 4.5. Brokers 31 
 Section 4.6. Solvency 31 
 Section 4.7. No Other Representations 31 
 Section 4.8. Investigation 31 
 Section 4.9. EXCLUSIVITY OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 32 
 i 
 165530988v21 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) 
 Page 

 ARTICLE 5 COVENANTS 32 
 Section 5.1. Public Announcements 32 
 Section 5.2. Post-Closing Access to Records Retention of Records. 33 
 Section 5.3. Use of Names 33 
 Section 5.4. Tax Matters. 34 
 Section 5.5. Further Assurances 36 
 Section 5.6. Cooperation in Litigation 36 
 Section 5.7. Standstill 37 
 Section 5.8. Post-Closing Payments 37 
 Section 5.9. Post-Closing Purchase and Sale of SRECs 37 
 Section 5.10. Post-Closing Sale of Additional Projects 38 
 Section 5.11. Delivery of Abbreviated Audited Financial Statements 39 
 ARTICLE 6 CLOSING DELIVERABLES 39 
 Section 6.1. Seller Closing Deliverables 39 
 Section 6.2. Buyer Closing Deliverables 40 
 ARTICLE 7 SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS INDEMNIFICATION 40 
 Section 7.1. Survival. 40 
 Section 7.2. Indemnification by Seller 41 
 Section 7.3. Indemnification by Buyer 41 
 Section 7.4. Limitations on Rights of Indemnification. 41 
 Section 7.5. No Limitation on Claims for Fraud 42 
 Section 7.6. Indemnification Procedures. 43 
 Section 7.7. Insurance Proceeds 44 
 Section 7.8. No Duplication 45 
 Section 7.9. Exclusivity of Remedy 45 
 Section 7.10. Adjustments to Purchase Price 45 
 ARTICLE 8 MISCELLANEOUS 45 
 Section 8.1. Fees and Expenses 45 
 Section 8.2. Entire Agreement Assignment 45 
 Section 8.3. Amendment Waiver 45 
 Section 8.4. Notices 46 
 Section 8.5. Governing Law 46 
 Section 8.6. Construction Interpretation 46 
 Section 8.7. Parties in Interest 47 
 Section 8.8. Severability 48 
 Section 8.9. Counterparts Electronic Transmission 48 
 Section 8.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 48 
 Section 8.11. Jurisdiction and Venue 48 
 Section 8.12. Specific Performance Remedies 48 
 Section 8.13. Waiver of Conflicts 49 
 Section 8.14. Time of Essence 49 
 Section 8.15. No Successor Liability 49 
 
 ii 
 
 165530988v21 

TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) 
 Page 

 SCHEDULES 
 I Disclosure Schedule EXHIBITS A Assignment and Assumption Agreement B Bill of Sale C Limited Guaranty D Project Leaseback Agreement E Solar Renewable Energy Certificates Agreement F Transition Services Agreement G Maintenance Services Agreement 
 iii 
 
 165530988v21 

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 This ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of November 22, 2024 (the Closing Date ), is made by and between (i) NJR Clean Energy Ventures II Corporation, a New Jersey corporation Seller ), and (ii) Spruce Power 5, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Buyer ). Seller and Buyer shall be referred to herein from time to time collectively as the Parties and each individually as a Party . Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in Section 1.1 . 
 WHEREAS, Seller is engaged in the Business 
 WHEREAS, New Jersey Resources Corporation, a New Jersey corporation NJRC ), indirectly owns all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Seller and, as an inducement to Buyer to enter into this Agreement, has entered into the Limited Guaranty 
 WHEREAS, Seller owns and operates the residential solar Projects known as the Sunlight Advantage residential lease portfolio Sunlight Advantage 
 WHEREAS, Seller wishes to sell and assign to Buyer, and Buyer wishes to purchase and accept from Seller, the Acquired Assets (which relate to Sunlight Advantage), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement 
 WHEREAS, Seller desires that Buyer assume, and Buyer has agreed to assume, the Assumed Liabilities (which relate to Sunlight Advantage), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement 
 WHEREAS, Seller, in order to avoid recapture of investment credit claimed in connection with Sunlight Advantage, desires to lease back from Buyer, and Buyer desires to lease to Seller, certain of those the Acquired Assets in compliance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.47-3(g) and 
 WHEREAS, immediately following the Closing, Buyer will sell the Acquired Assets to Spruce Power 5 Borrower 2024, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Borrower ). 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual promises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows 
 ARTICLE 1 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 Section 1.1. Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the respective meanings set forth below. 
 Acquired Assets has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) . 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, any other Person who directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. The term control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by Contract or otherwise, and the terms controlled and controlling have meanings correlative thereto. 

165530988v21 

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 Allocation Methodology has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5 . 
 Ancillary Documents means the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, the Bill of Sale, the Project Leaseback Agreement, the Solar Renewable Energy Certificates Agreement, the Maintenance Services Agreement, and the Transition Services Agreement. 
 Assigned Contracts has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a)(x) . 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement means the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, effecting the assignment to and assumption by Buyer of the Acquired Assets and the Assumed Liabilities, in the form set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto. 
 Assumed Liabilities has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(c) . 
 Base Purchase Price means 132,500,000. 
 Bill of Sale means the Bill of Sale, transferring the Tangible Personal Property to Buyer, in the form set forth on Exhibit B attached hereto. 
 Books and Records has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a)(ix) . 
 Borrower has the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement. 
 Business means residential solar business of Seller, as conducted as of the Closing Date, known as Sunlight Advantage. For the avoidance of doubt, Business does not include Seller s business line for commercial solar projects. 
 Business Cash Inflows has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a)(i) . 
 Business Cash Outflows has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a)(i) . 
 Business Day means a day, other than a Saturday, Sunday or federal holiday, on which commercial banks in each of New York City and Denver, Colorado are open for the general transaction of business. 
 Business Permits has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8(a) . 
 Business Products means all products and services offered or ready and available to be offered by Seller in connection with the Business as of Closing, including all residential solar leases, the associated equipment, and related transferrable assets. 
 Business Marks means all registered and unregistered trademarks, service marks, trade names, brand names, logos, trade dress, design rights and other similar designations of source, sponsorship, association or origin, together with all goodwill associated with each of the foregoing. 
 Business Software means Software owned by Seller for use primarily in the Business. 
 Buyer has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 2 
 
 165530988v21 

Buyer Indemnitees has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2 . 
 Cash means cash of Seller, whether reflected in the bank accounts of Seller or otherwise (including deposits in transit to Seller), and cash equivalents of Seller, in each case specifically related to the Business. 
 Closing has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 . 
 Closing Date has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Commercial Agreements means customary commercial agreements not primarily related to Taxes that contain agreements or arrangements relating to the apportionment, sharing, assignment or allocation of Taxes (such as (i) the Assigned Contracts, (ii) the Ancillary Documents, and (iii) financing agreements with Tax gross-up obligations or leases with Tax escalation provisions). 
 Confidentiality Agreement means the mutual nondisclosure agreement, dated as of August 8, 2022, by and between Buyer and Seller or one of its Affiliates. 
 Consent has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(b) . 
 Contract means any contract, obligation, understanding, undertaking, arrangement, commitment, lease, license, sublicense, purchase order, bid, mortgage, indenture, loan, note, bond, instrument, waiver, release, guaranty, promise or other agreement, in each case, whether written or oral. 
 Copyrights means all copyrights and all other rights with respect to works of authorship, and all copyright registrations thereof and applications therefor and renewals, extensions and reversions thereof, and all other rights corresponding thereto throughout the world (including all moral and economic rights, however denominated). 
 Customer means, for each Project, the customer on whose property the Project is located and that is purchasing and using the electrical energy produced by such Project pursuant to a Customer Agreement. 
 Customer Agreement means, with respect to a Project, the Customer Agreement between the owner of the applicable PV System and the applicable Customer, as amended. 
 Customer Trigger Right means, in respect of a Customer, the right of such Customer to terminate its Customer Agreement or exercise any other remedy provided under applicable law or regulation upon the occurrence of an event of default (howsoever defined) by the owner of the applicable PV System under its Customer Agreement. 
 Defaulted Solar Asset means, with respect to a Solar Asset, if the related Customer (a) is more than 120 days past due on any portion of a contractual payment due under the related Customer Agreement or (b) has exercised a Customer Trigger Right. 
 Deficit has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a)(i) . 
 3 
 
 165530988v21 

Disclosure Schedule means the disclosure schedule delivered by Seller concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and attached hereto as Schedule I . 
 Dispute Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a)(ii) . 
 Dispute Resolution Firm means Pannell Kerr Forster of Texas, P.C. or, if Pannell Kerr Forster of Texas, P.C. is unable to serve, another impartial nationally recognized firm of independent certified public accountants mutually appointed by Buyer and Seller. 
 Electronic Transmission means a form of communication that (i) does not directly involve the physical transmission of paper, (ii) creates a record that may be retained, retrieved, and reviewed by the recipient, and (iii) may be directly reproduced in paper form by the recipient through an automated process. 
 Energy Year or EY means the period of SREC generation from June 1 st through May 31 st of the reporting year. 
 Environmental Laws means all Laws relating to pollution or protection of the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land, or surface or subsurface strata) including Laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of pollutants, contaminants, chemicals, petroleum, or industrial, toxic or hazardous substances or wastes into the environment and Laws relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of any of the foregoing including the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et. seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901 et. seq., and the rules and regulations promulgated under any of the foregoing, all as amended and supplemented from time to time, and together with any successors thereto. 
 Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Exchange Act Affiliates means affiliates as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. 
 Excluded Assets has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a)(i) . 
 Excluded Contracts has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b)(i) . 
 Excluded Liabilities has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(d) . 
 Excluded Taxes means any Liability for the following Taxes (i) any and all Taxes related to the Business or the Acquired Assets for any Pre-Closing Tax Period (determined in accordance with Section 5.4(e) with respect to a Straddle Period), (ii) any and all Taxes of Seller, including (a) Taxes of another Person other than the Seller for which Seller is liable under Treasury Regulations section 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local, or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, by Contract (other than Commercial Agreements) or otherwise by operation of Law for any taxable period, and (b) Taxes that becomes a liability of Buyer under any common law doctrine of transferee or successor liability, by Contract (other than Commercial Agreements) or otherwise by operation of Law, and (iii) Transfer Taxes for which Seller is responsible pursuant to Section 5.4(a) provided , however , that Excluded Taxes shall not include the Taxes that are the responsibility of Buyer pursuant to Section 5.4(a) or Section 5.4(e) of this Agreement or any Ancillary Documents. 
 Final Purchase Price True Up Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a) . 
 4 
 
 165530988v21 

Final Purchase Price Allocation has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5 . 
 Financial Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 5.11 . 
 Fraud with respect to any Person, means the common law fraud (and not a constructive fraud, equitable fraud, promissory fraud, negligent misrepresentation or omission, or any form of fraud premised on recklessness or negligence) by such Person with respect to the making of the representations and warranties set forth in ARTICLE 3 or ARTICLE 4 of this Agreement. 
 Fundamental Representations means, collectively, the representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Section 3.1 Organization and Qualification ), Section 3.2 Authority ), Section 3.13 Tax Matters ), Section 3.14 Brokers ), and Section 3.16 Transactions with Affiliates ). 
 GAAP means United States generally accepted accounting principles as in effect as of the Closing Date. 
 GATS means the Generation Attribute Tracking System administered by PJM Environmental Information Services. 
 GATS Account means the account established by a party that registers with GATS for purposes of transacting business through GATS. 
 Governing Documents means the legal document(s) by which any Person (other than an individual) establishes its legal existence or which govern its internal affairs. For example, the Governing Documents of a corporation are its certificate of incorporation and by-laws, the Governing Documents of a limited partnership are its limited partnership agreement and certificate of limited partnership and the Governing Documents of a limited liability company are its operating agreement and certificate of formation. 
 Governmental Entity means any United States or foreign (i) nation, state, commonwealth, province, territory, county, municipality, district or other jurisdiction of any nature, (ii) federal, state, local, municipal or other government, (iii) governmental or quasi-governmental entity of any nature (including any governmental agency, branch, division, department, authority, office, bureau, board, directorate, commission, instrumentality, official, or entity and any court or other tribunal) or (iv) body exercising or entitled to exercise any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory, or taxing authority or power of any nature, including any arbitrator or arbitral tribunal (private or public). 
 HSR Act shall mean the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Indemnitor has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6(a) . 
 Indemnitee has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6(a) . 
 Indemnification Claim means any claim in respect for indemnification pursuant to this Agreement in respect of which an Indemnitee has incurred, suffered or sustained Losses. 
 Installer has the meaning set forth in Section 5.10(b) . 
 Insurance Policies has the meaning set forth in Section 3.12(a) . 
 5 
 
 165530988v21 

Intellectual Property Registrations means issuances and registrations with a governmental authority or internet domain name registrar for Intellectual Property Rights. 
 Intellectual Property Rights means any intellectual property or similar proprietary rights in any jurisdiction throughout the world, including all (i) Patents (ii) Copyrights (iii) trade secrets and confidential know-how (iv) Trademarks, internet domain names and Social Media Accounts, and all registrations, applications and renewals thereof, and all goodwill associated with any of the foregoing and (v) Software. 
 Interests has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(b) . 
 ITC means the solar investment tax credit, as set forth and established under 26 U.S.C.A. 48. 
 Inventory means all inventories of the Business and Business Products wherever located, including inventory in transit, raw materials, works in process and finished goods, together with any packaging inventory and displays. 
 Knowledge or Seller s Knowledge means, with respect to a particular fact, that any of Garrett Lerner or Robert Pohlman (i) is actually aware of such fact or (ii) a prudent person, in the same position at a company and with the same responsibilities as such individual, would be expected to have knowledge of such fact after a reasonable inquiry of such individual s direct reports. 
 Law means any U.S. or foreign federal, national, state, municipal or local law (including common law), statute, ordinance, regulation, Order, rule, constitution, code or treaty, or similar requirement of any Governmental Entity. 
 Leaseback Project means each electric generating project that is being leased back to Seller, as listed on Section 2.7 of the Disclosure Schedules . 
 Liabilities means any obligation or liability of any kind, whether known or unknown, asserted or unasserted, absolute or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, secured or unsecured, liquidated or unliquidated or due or to become due. 
 Lien means any lien (statutory or otherwise), mortgage, pledge, charge, claim, security interest, encumbrance, option, title defect, encroachment, easement, right of occupation, assessment, restriction on transfer or other encumbrance of any nature whatsoever, whether consensual, statutory or otherwise, related to capital stock, property or assets. 
 Limited Guaranty has the meaning set forth in Section 3.23 . 
 Loss means all claims, losses, liabilities and damages whatsoever, interest, penalties and costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys , accountants and expert witnesses fees, and reasonable costs and expenses of investigation and amounts paid in settlement, court costs, and other expenses of litigation, including in respect of enforcement of its indemnity rights hereunder provided , however , that Loss shall exclude (i) punitive, speculative, or exemplary damages, except to the extent that such Losses have been awarded to a third party and are payable by the Indemnitee as a result of a breach of this Agreement by the Indemnitor, and (ii) consequential damages, except to the extent that such Losses were reasonably foreseeable. 
 6 
 
 165530988v21 

Maintenance Services Agreement means that certain Maintenance Services Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and between Seller and Spruce Power, in the form set forth on Exhibit G attached hereto. 
 Manufacturer Warranties means any warranty given by a manufacturer of any part or component of a PV System. 
 Material Adverse Effect means an event, occurrence, effect or change that, individually or in the aggregate, results in a material adverse effect upon (i) the Business, the Acquired Assets, the Assumed Liabilities, the financial condition or the results of operations of the Business, taken as a whole, or (ii) the ability of Seller to perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents or consummate the Transactions, except if it arises from or is related to any of the following (either alone or combination) (A) conditions affecting the United States economy or any foreign economy generally (B) any national or international political or social conditions, including the engagement or cessation by the United States in hostilities, whether or not pursuant to the declaration of a national emergency or war, or the occurrence of any military or terrorist attack upon the United States, or any of its territories, possessions, or diplomatic or consular offices or upon any military installation, equipment or personnel of the United States (C) changes to financial, banking, or securities markets (including any disruption thereof and any decline in the price of any security or any market index) (D) changes in GAAP (E) changes in any laws, rules, regulations, orders, or other binding directives issued by any Governmental Entity (F) any change that is generally applicable to the industries or markets in which Seller operates (G) the public announcement of the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including any communication by Buyer or any of its Affiliates regarding its plans or intentions with respect to the Business, and including the impact thereof on relationships with customers, suppliers, distributors, partners, employees, chairs, groups, members, licensees, or others having relationships with Seller) (H) any failure by Seller to meet any internal or published projections, forecasts, or revenue or earnings predictions for any period ending on or after the Closing Date provided that the facts or occurrences giving rise to or contributing to such failure may be taken into account in determining whether there has been a Material Adverse Effect) (I) the taking of any action contemplated by this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents, including the completion of the Transactions contemplated hereby and thereby or (J) any act of God, including weather, natural disasters, earthquakes, epidemics, pandemics and disease outbreaks (including COVID-19), or any material worsening of such conditions threatened or existing as of the Closing Date provided that the exceptions in the foregoing clauses (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), and (J) of this definition shall apply only to the extent that such event, occurrence, effect or change referred to in any such exception has a disproportionate impact on the Business in relation to other Persons in the businesses, markets, industries or the geographies in which the Business operates. 
 Material Contracts has the meaning set forth in Section 3.5(a) . 
 Most Recent Balance Sheet means the unaudited balance sheet of the Business as of September 30, 2024. 
 NJRC has the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement. 
 NJRES means NJR Energy Services Company, LLC, an Affiliate of Seller. 
 NJRES SA GATS Account has the meaning set forth in Section 5.9(d) . 
 Parties has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 7 
 
 165530988v21 

Patents means any domestic or foreign patents, registered design, utility models and applications, drafts and disclosures relating thereto (and any patents or utility models that issue as a result of such applications, drafts and disclosures) and any reissues, divisions, divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, provisionals, renewals, extensions, substitutions, reexaminations or invention registrations related to such patents, utility models and applications. 
 Permits has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8(a) . 
 Permitted Liens means (i) mechanic s, materialmen s, carriers , repairers and other Liens arising or incurred in the ordinary course of business for amounts that are not delinquent or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (ii) Liens for Taxes, assessments or other governmental charges or levies that are not yet delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which appropriate reserves have been set aside, the amount of which has been established in accordance with GAAP, (iii) Liens granted to any lender at the Closing in connection with any financing by Buyer of the transactions contemplated hereby, (iv) zoning, building codes and other land use laws regulating the use or occupancy of real property or the activities conducted thereon which are imposed by any Governmental Entity having jurisdiction over such real property and which are not violated by the current use or occupancy of such real property or the operation of the Business, (v) Liens described on Section 1.1(a) of the Disclosure Schedules , and (vi) pledges, deposits or other Liens made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice securing the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases or obligations or a like nature. 
 Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, joint stock company, unincorporated organization or association, trust, joint venture, association, entity, or other form of business organization or any Governmental Entity whatsoever. 
 Post-Closing Tax Period means any taxable period beginning on or after the day after the Closing Date and, for any Straddle Period, the portion of such Straddle Period beginning on or after the day after the Closing Date. 
 Pre-Closing Tax Period means any taxable period ending on or before the Closing Date and, for any Straddle Period, the portion of such Straddle Period up to and including the Closing Date. 
 Proceeding has the meaning set forth in Section 3.7 . 
 Project means each electric generating project, including the related Solar Assets and related rights and obligations of the applicable parties thereto, listed on Section 2.1(a) of the Disclosure Schedules . 
 Project Contracts means, with respect to each Project, the applicable Contract set forth on Section 3.10 of the Disclosure Schedules . 
 Project Leaseback Agreement means the Project Leaseback Agreement, by and between Buyer and Seller, substantially in the form set forth on Exhibit D attached hereto and by this reference made a part hereof as though fully set forth herein, which corresponds to the respective Leaseback Projects being leased back to Seller, as set forth on Section 2.7 of the Disclosure Schedules , and will have a lease end date based on each Leaseback Project s respective individual ITC recapture period. 
 PTO means, with respect to a PV System, the receipt of permission to operate from the related local utility in writing or in such other form as is customarily given by the related local utility. 
 8 
 
 165530988v21 

Public Counterparty has the meaning set forth in Section 5.7 . 
 Purchase Price means the Base Purchase Price as adjusted pursuant to Section 2.4 . 
 Purchase Price True Up means an amount, which may be positive or negative, equal to the Business Cash Inflows minus the Business Cash Outflows during the Purchase Price True Up Period. 
 Purchase Price True Up Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a)(i) . 
 Purchase Price True Up Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a)(i) . 
 PV System means, with respect to a Solar Asset, a photovoltaic system, including solar photovoltaic panels, inverters, racking systems, wiring and other electrical devices, as applicable, conduits, weatherproof housings, hardware, remote performance monitoring equipment, connectors, meters, disconnects and over current devices (including any replacement or additional parts included from time to time). 
 RECs means renewable energy certificates, including SRECs, TRECs, SREC-IIs and any credits, certificates, green tags, allowances, offsets, entitlements or similar environmental or green energy attributes (such as those for greenhouse gas reduction or the generation of power from renewable resources) created by a Governmental Entity, an independent certification board, or a group generally recognized in the electric power industry, and generated by or associated with a Project or the operation thereof. 
 Representatives has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a)(ii) . 
 Retained Interest has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(b) . 
 Review Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a)(ii) . 
 Schedule of Solar Assets has the meaning set forth in Section 3.20 . 
 Section 5.10 Schedule of Additional Projects has the meaning set forth in Section 5.10(a) . 
 Securities has the meaning set forth in Section 5.7 . 
 Seller has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 Seller Indemnitees has the meaning set forth in Section 7.3 . 
 Social Media Accounts means any and all accounts, profiles, pages, feeds, registrations and other presences on or in connection with any (a) social media or social networking website or online service, (b) blog or microblog, (c) mobile application, (d) photo, video or other content-sharing website, (e) virtual game world or virtual social world, (f) rating and review website, (g) wiki or similar collaborative content website or (h) message board, bulletin board, or similar forum. 
 Software means any and all (a) computer programs, firmware, software (whether in source code, object code or other form), models, algorithms, methodologies and implementations thereof, (b) development tools, descriptions and flow charts, (c) data, metadata, databases and compilations of data, whether machine readable or otherwise and (d) programmers annotations, notes, documentation, 
 9 
 
 165530988v21 

product user manuals, training materials and other work product used to design, plan, organize, maintain, support or develop any of the foregoing, irrespective of the media on which it is recorded. 
 Solar Assets means (i) each PV System installed on a residential property, (ii) all related real property rights, Permits, and Manufacturer Warranties (in each case, to the extent transferable), (iii) all rights and remedies of the Seller under the related Customer Agreement, and (iv) all documentation related to such PV System and the Customer Agreement. 
 Solar Asset Information means with respect to each Solar Asset (i) Seller Customer Agreement reference number, (ii) address, (iii) system size, (iv) total installation cost, (v) specific yield, (vi) LTM estimated production, (vii) panel, (viii) inverter, (ix) Customer Agreement form version number, (x) incentive type, (xi) channel partner, (xii) interconnection approval date, (xiii) term length, (xiv) Customer Agreement end date, (xv) monthly price, (xvi) utility company, and (xvii) percent of electric provided by solar. 
 Solar Renewable Energy Certificates or SREC means a New Jersey Solar Renewable Energy Certificate issued by the PJM EIS GATS for qualifying generation. 
 Solar Renewable Energy Certificates II or SREC-II or SREC 2 means a New Jersey Solar Renewable Energy Certificate II or 2 issued by the PJM EIS GATS for qualifying generation. 
 Solar Renewable Energy Certificates Agreement that certain Solar Renewable Energy Certificates Agreement dated as of the Closing Date, by and between Borrower and NJRES, in the form set forth on Exhibit E attached hereto. 
 Spruce Power means Solar Service Experts, LLC, d b a Spruce Power, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Straddle Period means a taxable period that begins on or prior to, and ends after the Closing Date. 
 Subsidiary shall mean, with respect to any Person, any corporation, entity or other organization whether incorporated or unincorporated, of which (a) such first Person directly or indirectly owns or controls at least a majority of the securities or other interests having by their terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or others performing similar functions or (b) such first Person is the general partner or managing member. 
 Sunlight Advantage has the meaning set forth in the recitals of this Agreement. 
 Surplus has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a)(i) . 
 Tangible Personal Property has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a)(iii) . 
 Tax means any federal, state, local, or non-U.S. income, gross receipts, license, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits, environmental, escheat or unclaimed property, customs, duties, capital stock, franchise, profits, withholding, social security (or similar), unemployment, disability, real property, personal property, sales, use, transfer, registration, value added, alternative or add-on minimum, estimated, or other tax of any kind whatsoever, whether computed on a separate or consolidated, unitary or combined basis or in any other manner, including any interest, penalty, or addition thereto, whether disputed or not. 
 10 
 
 165530988v21 

Tax Return means any return, report, information return, declaration, claim for refund or other document (including any schedule or related or supporting information) filed or required to be filed to any Governmental Entity (or furnished or required to be furnished to any Person) with respect to Taxes, including amendments thereto. 
 Terminated Solar Asset means a Solar Asset for which the related PV System has experienced an event of loss and has not been repaired, restored, replaced or rebuilt to substantially the same condition as it existed immediately prior to the event of loss within 180 days of such event of loss. 
 Third-Party Claim has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6(b) . 
 Trademarks means all unregistered and registered trademarks and service marks, trademark and service mark applications, common law trademarks and service marks, trade dress and logos, trade names, business names, corporate names, product names and other source or business identifiers and the goodwill associated with any of the foregoing and any renewals and extensions of any of the foregoing, as permitted in the jurisdiction where any such unregistered or registered trademarks are being used. 
 Transactions means the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents. 
 Transfer Taxes has the meaning set forth in Section 5.4(a) . 
 Transition Services Agreement means that certain Transition Services Agreement dated as of the Closing Date, by and between Spruce Power and Seller, in the form set forth on Exhibit F attached hereto. 
 Transition Renewable Energy Certificates or TREC means a New Jersey Transition Renewable Energy Certificate issued by the PJM EIS GATS for qualifying generation. 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in any applicable jurisdiction. 
 Use has the meaning set forth in Section 3.17 . 
 Warranty Rights has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a)(xii) . 
 ARTICLE 2 PURCHASE AND SALE 
 Section 2.1. Purchase and Sale of the Acquired Assets and Assumption of the Assumed Liabilities . 
 (a) Acquired Assets . Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing, Seller will sell, convey, assign, transfer and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase from Seller, all of Seller s right, title and interest in and to all of the assets set forth below, including all of the Projects (collectively, the Acquired Assets 
 (i) all trade and other notes and accounts receivable that are, with respect to each of the aforementioned items, specifically related to the Business, in each case only to the extent relating to the period after September 30, 2024, provided , however , that any such trade and 
 11 
 
 165530988v21 

other notes and accounts receivable that are, with respect to each of the aforementioned items, specifically related to the Business and received by Buyer after the termination of the Transition Services Agreement shall belong to Buyer 
 (ii) all Inventory and supplies that are, with respect to each of the aforementioned items, owned, used or held for use primarily in connection with the Business, including all inventory that is set forth on Section 2.1(a)(ii) of the Disclosure Schedules attached hereto 
 (iii) all equipment, machinery, tools, and other components of residential solar systems, including PV Systems, and other tangible personal property of Seller that are, with respect to each of the aforementioned items, used primarily in the Business, including the items set forth on Section 2.1(a)(iii) of the Disclosure Schedules (the Tangible Personal Property 
 (iv) all email accounts set forth on Section 2.1(a)(iv) of the Disclosure Schedules , including email address names that are used primarily in the Business and all email messages associated with such email accounts 
 (v) all Permits, to the extent transferable, which are held by Seller and required specifically for the conduct of the Business as currently conducted or for the ownership and use of the Acquired Assets and not required for Seller to conduct any of its operations that are being retained 
 (vi) all rights to any Proceeding of any nature available to or being pursued by Seller, to the extent related primarily to the Business, the other Acquired Assets or the Assumed Liabilities, whether arising by way of counterclaim or otherwise, in each case only to the extent relating to Assumed Liabilities or relating to the period after September 30, 2024 
 (vii) all prepaid items and expenses (other than prepaid insurance premiums), credits, advance payments, claims, security, refunds, rights of recovery, rights of set-off, rights of recoupment, deposits, charges, sums and fees that are, with respect to each of the aforementioned items, primarily related to the Business 
 (viii) all of Seller s rights under warranties (including installer warranties), indemnities and all similar rights against third parties to the extent, with respect to each of the aforementioned items, related primarily to any of the other Acquired Assets or the Assumed Liabilities 
 (ix) all lists, records and other information pertaining to suppliers and customers, all lists, records and other information pertaining to accounts, referral sources, all drawings, plats, specifications, reports, studies, plans, books, ledgers, files, documents, correspondence and business and accounting materials, all advertising, marketing and promotional materials, and all other printed or written materials, in each case owned, maintained or in the custody or control of Seller that, with respect to each of the aforementioned items, relate primarily to the Business, the Acquired Assets or the Assumed Liabilities, and in each case whether or not evidenced in writing, electronic data or otherwise (the Books and Records 
 (x) all Contracts existing or used primarily in connection with the Business to which Seller or any of its Subsidiaries is a party that are (1) Material Contracts, (2) Project Contracts, (3) set forth on Section 2.1(a)(x) of the Disclosure Schedules , (4) Customer 
 12 
 
 165530988v21 

Agreements, or (5) expressly referenced in other subsections of this Section 2.1(a) to the extent, with respect to each of the aforementioned items, used primarily in connection with the Business (collectively, the Assigned Contracts it being understood that Assigned Contracts shall in no event include Excluded Contracts) 
 (xi) all SRECs generated by the Projects on and after October 1, 2024 and all TRECs and SREC-IIs generated on and after October 1, 2024 and 
 (xii) all of Seller s right, title, benefit and interest in and to the warranties and indemnities under the Installer Agreement associated with each additional Project sold by Seller to Buyer under Section 5.10 Warranty Rights ), including Seller s right to receive the benefits of and to make claims under the Warranty Rights, subject, in each instance, to the limitations, conditions, exclusion of liabilities and disclaimers described in such Installer Agreement. 
 (b) Excluded Assets . Seller shall retain all assets other than the Acquired Assets, and, notwithstanding Section 2.1(a) , the Acquired Assets shall not include any of the following assets of Seller or its Affiliates, all of which shall remain the exclusive property of Seller and its Affiliates, free and clear of any claim of Buyer (collectively, the Excluded Assets 
 (i) all Cash of Seller 
 (ii) all bank accounts of Seller 
 (iii) all Contracts (the Excluded Contracts other than (A) the Assigned Contracts and (B) the Contracts set forth in Section 2.1(b)(i) of the Disclosure Schedules 
 (iv) the corporate charter, qualifications to conduct business as a foreign corporation, arrangements with registered agents relating to foreign qualifications, taxpayer and other identification numbers, seals, minute books, stock transfer books, blank stock certificates, books of account or other records having to do with the corporate organization, maintenance and existence of Seller and its Affiliates, including personal information of its employees and contractors 
 (v) all insurance policies and rights thereunder, including returns of charges or premiums under retrospective rating plans 
 (vi) the assets, properties and rights specifically set forth on Section 2.1(b)(vi) of the Disclosure Schedules 
 (vii) intercompany receivables, intercompany debts and other obligations due to Seller from any of its Affiliates (whether recorded or unrecorded) 
 (viii) those assets of Seller and Seller s Affiliates that may be used, but are not used primarily, in the operation of or in connection with, the Business, including (A) software and systems, including the email system but excluding the email assets specified in Section 2.1(a)(iv) , (B) Contracts to which any Affiliate of Seller is a party (other than the Assigned Contracts), and (C) administrative and financial services provided to the Business by Seller and its Affiliates, including financial, tax, accounting, legal, administrative, management, risk management, employee benefits and other human resources, information technology, paper purchasing, 
 13 
 
 165530988v21 

production, website hosting, digital apps and video distribution, advertising operations and programmatic support, consumer marketing and other support services 
 (ix) all Business Marks, Intellectual Property Registrations, and Intellectual Property Rights, including Software, Trademarks, Copyrights, and Social Media Accounts, of Seller or its Affiliates and all goodwill associated with any of the foregoing 
 (x) all interests of Seller and its Affiliates in and to (i) all furniture and leasehold improvements in any facility, including those used by the Business, (ii) all furniture, fixtures, vehicles, office equipment, and supplies, and (iii) all routers, hubs, switches, file servers and other network and telecommunications equipment and computer hardware 
 (xi) all interests of Seller and its Affiliates in and to their telephone numbers and facsimile numbers, including those used or held for use in connection with the Business, and all listings pertaining to Seller in all directories or similar publications relating to internet domain names 
 (xii) all interests of Seller and its Affiliates in and to post office boxes 
 (xiii) all claims, rights, benefits and interests arising under or resulting from any Excluded Asset or Excluded Liability 
 (xiv) without limiting Section 5.4(e) , any rights to Tax refunds, Tax credits or similar Tax benefits, including those related to the Business or the Acquired Assets for any Pre-Closing Tax Period 
 (xv) subject to Section 5.4(f) , any records (including accounting records and Tax Returns and related records and workpapers) related to Taxes paid or payable by Seller or any of its Affiliates, and all financial and Tax records and related workpapers relating to the Business that form part of Seller s or any of its Affiliates general ledger 
 (xvi) Seller s and each of Seller s Affiliates proprietary or confidential business information, records or policies, including those which relate generally to their businesses and are not used primarily in connection with the Business, such as strategic plans, marketing strategies and accounting procedures 
 (xvii) all capital stock or other equity interests in any Subsidiary of Seller or its Affiliates or in any other entity that are owned beneficially or of record by any of them 
 (xviii) all legal advice and related communications and records delivered to Seller or its Affiliates at any time regardless of whether such advice or communications concerned the Business 
 (xix) all records prepared in connection with the sale of the Business, including analyses relating to the Business 
 (xx) all communications with respect to, relating to, arising from or in connection with the Transactions among Greenberg Traurig, LLP, Seller and its Affiliates, and any of their respective Representatives, and the attorney-client privilege, the expectation of client 
 14 
 
 165530988v21 

confidence, and all other rights to any evidentiary privilege belong to such Persons with respect to such communications 
 (xxi) all goodwill and all other intangible property not specifically identified in Section 2.1(a) 
 (xxii) all rights and privileges of Seller and its Affiliates set forth in or otherwise implied by this Agreement, each Ancillary Document and any agreement, certificate, instrument or other document executed and delivered by Seller or Buyer in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and 
 (xxiii) all SRECs generated by the Projects before October 1, 2024 and all TRECs and SREC-IIs generated before October 1, 2024. 
 (c) Assumed Liabilities . From and after the Closing, without any further responsibility or liability of, or recourse to, Seller, any of its Affiliates, or any of their respective directors, shareholders, officers, employees, agents, consultants, representatives, successors or assigns, Buyer shall absolutely and irrevocably assume and be liable and solely responsible for only the following Liabilities of Seller, solely to the extent that they relate exclusively to the Business or the Acquired Assets (collectively, the Assumed Liabilities 
 (i) all ordinary course accounts payable specifically related to the Business, only to the extent relating to the period after September 30, 2024, and excluding milestone payments under installer Contracts 
 (ii) all Liabilities in respect of the Assigned Contracts arising after the Closing Date, other than Liabilities relating to performance of a warranty or other obligation under such Assigned Contract that arose prior to the Closing and is set forth on Section 2.1(c)(ii) of the Disclosure Schedules 
 (iii) all Liabilities for (A) Taxes that relate to the Business or ownership of the Acquired Assets for a Post-Closing Tax Period (determined in accordance with Section 5.4(e) with respect to a Straddle Period) and (B) the share of Transfer Taxes for which Buyer is responsible pursuant to Section 5.4(a) and 
 (iv) those Liabilities of Seller set forth on Section 2.1(c)(iv) of the Disclosure Schedules . 
 (d) Excluded Liabilities . Buyer is not assuming, shall not assume, shall not be deemed to have assumed and shall not be responsible to pay, perform or discharge, and Seller shall pay, perform and otherwise discharge, any and all Liabilities of Seller or its Affiliates other than the Assumed Liabilities (the Excluded Liabilities ). Without limiting the foregoing, the Excluded Liabilities shall include the following 
 (i) all Liabilities of Seller arising or incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, investigation and performance of this Agreement, the Ancillary Documents and the Transactions including fees and expenses of counsel, accountants, consultants, advisers and others 
 (ii) all Liabilities for Excluded Taxes 
 15 
 
 165530988v21 

(iii) all Liabilities relating to or arising from the Excluded Assets 
 (iv) all Liabilities in respect of any Proceeding that is pending on the Closing Date or any Proceeding outside of the ordinary course of business that is commenced after the Closing Date, which arises out of, relates to, or is otherwise in respect of the operation of the Business or the Acquired Assets on or prior to the Closing Date 
 (v) all Liabilities of Seller for any present or former employees (including all Liabilities associated with any severance for such employees), officers, directors, retirees, independent contractors or consultants of Seller, including any Liabilities associated with any claims for wages or other benefits, bonuses, accrued vacation, workers compensation, severance, retention, termination or other payments, harassment, discrimination, or wrongful discharge 
 (vi) all Liabilities of Seller under this Agreement or any other Ancillary Document, including any obligation or liability arising out of a breach of any representation, warranty or covenant made by Seller under or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Ancillary Document 
 (vii) all milestone payments under installer Contracts and 
 (viii) all Liabilities for indebtedness of Seller other than indebtedness owed or arising after the Closing pursuant to Assumed Liabilities, subject, however, to the application of Section 2.1(d)(vi) . 
 Section 2.2. Closing of the Transactions . The closing of the purchase and sale of the Acquired Assets hereunder (the Closing will occur via the electronic transmittal of executed documents on the Closing Date. The Parties shall use their reasonable efforts to complete the Closing remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures and electronic means of communication to avoid the need for a physical Closing. If a physical Closing is necessary, the Closing will be considered to take place at the offices of offices of Greenberg Traurig, LLP, 500 Campus Drive, Suite 400, Florham Park, NJ 07932. 
 Section 2.3. Payment of Purchase Price at the Closing . At the Closing, Buyer will pay the Base Purchase Price to Seller by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account specified by Seller in writing at least three Business Days prior to the Closing. 
 Section 2.4. Post-Closing Purchase Price True-Up . 
 (a) Purchase Price True Up . 
 (i) Within 60 days following the Closing Date, Seller shall prepare and deliver (or cause to be prepared and delivered) to Buyer a statement with reasonable detail and supporting documentation (the Purchase Price True Up Statement setting forth (A) the aggregate amount of cash and outstanding deposits received by Seller derived from the ordinary-course operations of the Business consistent with Seller s past practice, including the revenue generated from the Acquired Assets, TRECs and SREC-IIs Business Cash Inflows during the period beginning on October 1, 2024 and continuing through the Closing Date (such period, the Purchase Price True Up Period ), (B) the aggregate amount of cash paid by Seller in respect of operating expenses of the Business from the arising from the ordinary-course operations of the Business consistent with Seller s past practice, but excluding any milestone payments made under 
 16 
 
 165530988v21 

installer Contracts Business Cash Outflows ), during the Purchase Price True Up Period, and (C) the Purchase Price True Up. If the Purchase Price True Up is negative i.e. , the amount of Business Cash Outflows exceeds the amount of Business Cash Inflows during the Purchase Price True Up Period), then there is a deficit (a Deficit ). If the Purchase Price True Up is positive i.e. , the amount of Business Cash Inflows exceeds the amount of Business Cash Outflows during the Purchase Price True Up Period), then there is a surplus (a Surplus ). 
 (ii) Within 30 days after receipt by Seller of the Purchase Price True Up Statement (the Review Period ), Buyer may deliver to Seller a written notice (the Dispute Notice either (i) advising Seller that Buyer agrees with and accepts Seller s calculation of the Purchase Price True Up or (ii) setting forth, with reasonable supporting documentation, what Buyer believes is the correct calculation of the Purchase Price True Up. During the Review Period (A) Buyer and its consultants, advisors, and other representatives Representatives shall be granted access during business hours to the books, records, and accounting work papers of Seller to conduct Buyer s review, and Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to respond promptly, in good faith, and as fully and accurately as is reasonably possible to inquiries from Buyer and Buyer s Representatives related to such review and (B) Buyer and Buyer s Representatives shall have the right to request and obtain any and all additional supporting documentation from Seller or a meeting or meetings with Representatives of Seller to discuss its calculations and determinations as set forth in the Purchase Price True Up Statement, and Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to comply promptly with any and all such requests. 
 (iii) In the event of that Buyer delivers a Dispute Notice, the Parties agree to negotiate in good faith to resolve any such dispute within 30 days after delivery of the Dispute Notice. If Buyer has submitted a Dispute Notice, and the Parties cannot resolve such dispute regarding the calculation of the Purchase Price True Up within 30 days after delivery of the Dispute Notice, such dispute shall be submitted for resolution to the Dispute Resolution Firm. The Dispute Resolution Firm shall act as an expert and not an arbitrator and shall be instructed to make its determination within 30 days after its engagement as to the determination of the Purchase Price True Up. In resolving any disputed items, the Dispute Resolution Firm may not assign a value greater than the greatest value for such item claimed by either Party in the Purchase Price True Up Statement or the Dispute Notice, as applicable, or less than the smallest value for such item claimed by either Party in the Purchase Price True Up Statement or the Dispute Notice, as applicable. Each of Buyer and Seller shall have the opportunity to present its claimed value and related reasoning and calculations to the Dispute Resolution Firm, but neither Party shall engage in any substantive ex parte communications with the Dispute Resolution Firm. The Dispute Resolution Firm s determination shall be based solely on presentations by Buyer and Seller i.e. , not an independent review) and on the defined terms in this Agreement that are relevant to the calculation of the disputed item. The determination of the Dispute Resolution Firm shall be binding on all Parties (and not reviewable by any court or through arbitration or otherwise), absent manifest error. The fees for the Dispute Resolution Firm shall be borne by Seller and Buyer respectively in relative proportion based upon the determination of the Dispute Resolution Firm. Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in this Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, ARTICLE 7 ), the process outlined in this Section 2.4(a) shall be the sole and exclusive means of resolving any disputes or claims concerning the calculation of the Purchase Price True Up. 
 (b) Purchase Price True Up Payment . Within 15 days following the finalization of the calculation of the Purchase Price True Up, if any, in accordance with Section 2.4(a) 
 17 
 
 165530988v21 

(i) if there is a Surplus, then Seller shall deliver to Buyer, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated in writing by Buyer, an amount equal to the Surplus or 
 (ii) if there is a Deficit, then Buyer shall deliver to Seller, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated in writing by Seller, an amount equal to the absolute value of the Deficit. 
 Section 2.5. Allocation of Final Purchase Price . No later than 120 days after the Closing Date, Buyer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Seller a proposed allocation of the Purchase Price (and other amounts treated, for U.S. federal income Tax purposes and applicable state, local, and foreign Tax purposes, as consideration paid by Buyer to Seller pursuant to this Agreement) among the Acquired Assets, which allocation shall be determined in a manner consistent with Section 1060 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder and the methodologies provided in Section 2.5 of the Disclosure Schedules (the Allocation Methodology ). The Parties shall cooperate in good faith to resolve any disputed items with respect to such proposed allocation and, if the Parties cannot resolve such disputed items following such cooperation, the Parties shall engage the Dispute Resolution Firm to determine the final resolution with respect to such disputed items. The Dispute Resolution Firm shall act as an expert and not an arbitrator and shall promptly resolved the disputed items in a manner consistent with the principles set forth in the Allocation Methodology. All fees and expenses of the Dispute Resolution Firm shall be borne equally by the Parties. The allocation as agreed by the Parties or as determined by the Dispute Resolution Firm, as the case may be (the Final Purchase Price Allocation ), shall be conclusive and binding on the Parties hereto for U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. Tax purposes as provided herein, and all Parties and their respective Affiliates agree to file all Tax Returns, including IRS Form 8594 and any reports required to be filed under Section 1060 of the Code consistent with the Final Purchase Price Allocation, and none of the Parties or their respective Affiliates will take any Tax position (whether in Tax Returns, before any Governmental Entity charged with the collection of income Tax, or in any judicial proceeding) that is inconsistent with the Final Purchase Price Allocation, unless required to do so by applicable Law. 
 Section 2.6. Assignment of Acquired Assets . 
 (a) Seller and Buyer shall each use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain (and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with each other in obtaining) any consents or approvals required from third parties to assign, convey or transfer the Acquired Assets in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and release Seller from any guarantees or similar obligations. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent that any sale, transfer, conveyance or assignment or attempted sale, transfer, conveyance or assignment of any Assigned Contract or other Acquired Asset to be sold, transferred, conveyed or assigned to Buyer, or any claim, right or benefit arising thereunder or resulting therefrom (collectively, the Interests ), would constitute a breach thereunder or with respect thereto, or such Interest is not capable of being sold, transferred, conveyed or assigned without any action, approval, consent or authorization Consent which has not been obtained by (or does not remain in full force and effect at) the Closing, this Agreement shall not constitute a sale, transfer, conveyance or assignment thereof, or an attempted sale, transfer, conveyance or assignment thereof, unless and until such Interest (a Retained Interest can be sold, transferred, conveyed and assigned without such a breach or such Consent is obtained, at which time such Retained Interest shall be deemed to be sold, transferred, conveyed and assigned for no additional 
 18 
 
 165530988v21 

consideration and without any further action on the part of Buyer or Seller and shall cease to be a Retained Interest provided , however , that the representations contained in this Agreement applicable to such Interest shall apply to such Interest as if such Interest was transferred at the Closing. 
 (c) To the extent any of the Consents necessary to sell, transfer, convey or assign any Interest has not been obtained (or does not remain in full force and effect) as of the Closing, Seller shall be responsible for obtaining any such Consents and Seller and Buyer shall, while such Interest remains a Retained Interest, use their reasonable efforts to (i) cooperate in any reasonable and lawful arrangements designed to provide the benefits of such Retained Interest to Buyer and (ii) continue to hold and operate such Retained Interest in all material respects in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and taking into account the Transactions. To the extent that Buyer is provided all of the material benefits of any Retained Interest pursuant to this Section 2.6 , Buyer shall, if so permitted with respect to such Retained Interest, as agent or subcontractor for Seller, pay, perform and discharge for the benefit of Seller and the other Persons that are parties thereto all of the Liabilities of Seller thereunder that, but for the lack of the Consent needed to assign such Liabilities to Buyer, would be Assumed Liabilities from and after the Closing Date. To the extent permitted under applicable Law, Seller shall, at Buyer s expense, hold in trust for and pay to Buyer, promptly upon receipt thereof, all income, proceeds and other monies received by Seller to the extent related to any Retained Interest in connection with the arrangements under this Section 2.6 . 
 Section 2.7. Leaseback . As a material part of the consideration to the Parties for entering into this Agreement, the Parties have agreed that Seller and Buyer will, at the Closing, enter into the Project Leaseback Agreement for each of the Leaseback Projects that are being leased back to Seller, as listed on Section 2.7 of the Disclosure Schedules . 
 Section 2.8. Withholding . Buyer shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any cash amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as Buyer may be required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under United States federal, state or local Tax Laws provided , however , that if Seller timely delivers valid documentation which obviates the need for such withholding (including a duly executed IRS Form W-9 with respect to backup withholding or withholding under Section 1445 of the Code), then Buyer shall not be entitled to deduct and withhold any corresponding amounts otherwise payable to Seller hereunder. Buyer shall provide Seller with written notice as soon as reasonably practicable upon becoming aware that any such deduction or withholding is required (but such notice shall be at least five Business Days prior to any such withholding or deduction), and the Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to reduce or eliminate such withholding or deduction. To the extent that such amounts are withheld and paid over to the appropriate Tax authority by Buyer, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the person in respect of which such deduction and withholding were made. 
 ARTICLE 3 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER 
 Except as set forth in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, Seller hereby represents and warrants to Buyer as of the Closing Date (except with respect to representations and warranties expressly stated to relate to a specific date, in which case such representations and warranties are, were or will be true and correct as of such date) 
 19 
 
 165530988v21 

Section 3.1. Organization and Qualification . 
 (a) Seller is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation. Seller has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties, rights and assets and to carry on the Business as conducted immediately prior to the Closing. 
 (b) Seller is duly qualified or licensed to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the property, rights and assets owned, leased or operated by it, or the nature of the Business conducted by it, makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except in such jurisdictions where the failure to be so duly qualified or licensed and in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.2. Authority . Seller has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which it is a party and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Seller and the performance of its obligations hereunder have been (and the execution and delivery of each of the Ancillary Documents to which Seller is a party and the performance of its obligations thereunder will be) duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of Seller. This Agreement has been (and the execution and delivery of each of the Ancillary Documents to which Seller is a party will be) duly executed and delivered by Seller, and constitute valid, legal and binding agreements of Seller (assuming that this Agreement has been and such Ancillary Documents will be duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by each of the other parties thereto), enforceable against Seller in accordance with their terms, except (i) to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) that the availability of equitable remedies, including, specific performance, is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding thereof may be brought. 
 Section 3.3. No Undisclosed Liabilities . Seller has no material Liabilities with respect to the Business which would be required to be disclosed on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP or in the notes thereto and would be Assumed Liabilities other than (i) Liabilities which have arisen prior to the date of the Most Recent Balance Sheet in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and are reflected on the Financial Statements, (ii) Liabilities which have arisen after the date of the Most Recent Balance Sheet in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or which are related to the future performance of any Assigned Contract (none of which results from or arises out of any breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort, infringement or violation of Law) and (iii) Liabilities set forth on Section 3.3 of the Disclosure Schedules . 
 Section 3.4. Consents and Approvals No Violations . 
 (a) Except as set forth on Section 3.4 of the Disclosure Schedules , assuming the truth and accuracy of the representations and warranties of Buyer set forth in ARTICLE 4 , no notices to, filings with, or authorizations, consents or approvals of any Person or Governmental Entity are required to be obtained by Seller in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by Seller of this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents to which Seller is a party or the consummation by Seller of the Transactions applicable to it. 
 (b) Neither the execution, delivery or performance by Seller of this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents to which Seller is a party nor the consummation by Seller of the Transactions 
 20 
 
 165530988v21 

applicable to it (i) conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of Seller s Governing Documents, (ii) except as set forth on Section 3.4 of the Disclosure Schedules , result in a violation or breach of, conflict with, give rise to or create any right or obligation under or constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of termination, cancellation, acceleration or modification) or the loss of a benefit under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any Material Contract or Permit included in the Acquired Assets to which Seller is a party or by which the Business or any Acquired Asset is bound, (iii) violate in any material respect any Order or Law to which Seller, the Business or the Acquired Assets are subject, or (iv) except as contemplated by this Agreement or with respect to Permitted Liens, result in the creation of any material Lien upon any of the Acquired Assets. 
 Section 3.5. Material Contracts . 
 (a) Section 3.5(a) of the Disclosure Schedules sets forth each of the following Contracts in effect as of the Closing Date (x) by which any of the Acquired Assets are bound or (y) to which Seller is a party (including as an assignee) or which it is bound, in each case in connection with the Business or the Acquired Assets (collectively, the Material Contracts 
 (i) all agreements (or group of related agreements with respect to a single transaction or series of related transactions) that involve future payments, performance of services or delivery of goods or materials of any amount or value reasonably expected to exceed 75,000 in any future 12-month period 
 (ii) all security agreements, purchase money agreements, conditional sales contracts, capital leases or other similar agreements created or assumed by, or permitted to be created by written document made or accepted by, Seller and any other Contract, in each case granting a Lien on any Acquired Asset 
 (iii) all written agreements with a Governmental Entity (excluding routine correspondence and exchanges), including any Contracts that are settlements, conciliations, or similar agreements, that impose any monetary or other obligations upon Seller after the Closing Date 
 (iv) all franchise, distributorship, partnership or joint venture agreements or other agreements involving a sharing of profits and losses by Seller with any other Person 
 (v) all agreements for the acquisition or sale of substantially all of the assets or any of the outstanding voting equity securities of any Person or any business and each agreement relating to a merger or consolidation with any Person (other than this Agreement) 
 (vi) all agreements under which Seller is a lessee of or holds or operates tangible property owned by any other Person, except for any agreement under which the aggregate rental payments would not reasonably be expected to exceed 75,000 in any future 12-month period 
 (vii) all agreements under which Seller is a lessor of or permits any Person to hold or operate any tangible property owned or controlled by Seller, except for any agreement under which the aggregate rental payments would not reasonably be expected to exceed 25,000 in any future 12-month period, including Customer Agreements 
 (viii) all Customer Agreements 
 21 
 
 165530988v21 

(ix) all Assigned Contracts that contain material, express, contractual restrictions on the right of Seller to compete in any material line of the Business and 
 (x) all agreements that relate to a settlement, release, compromise or waiver of any material rights, claims, obligations, duties or Liabilities that relate primarily to the Business. 
 (b) Each Material Contract that is an Acquired Asset (i) is in full force and effect and (ii) is the valid and binding obligation of Seller, enforceable in accordance with its terms against Seller and, to Seller s Knowledge, against the other parties thereto (in each case, subject to proper authorization and execution of such Material Contract by the other party thereto and any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other Laws affecting generally the enforcement of creditors rights and subject to general principles of equity). Except as set forth on Section 3.5(b) of the Disclosure Schedules , (A) neither Seller, nor to Seller s Knowledge, any other party thereto is in material breach of or material default under any Material Contract that is an Acquired Asset, and to Seller s Knowledge, no party thereto has given to any other party thereto written notice alleging that such a material breach or material default occurred, (B) no event has occurred that (with or without the passage of time or giving of notice) would constitute a material breach or material default of, or permit any early termination, modification, acceleration or cancellation of, a Material Contract that is an Acquired Asset or of any material right or obligation thereunder, (C) Seller has not waived any material right under any Material Contract that is an Acquired Asset and (D) no party to a Material Contract that is an Acquired Asset has terminated or canceled such Material Contract or any material right or obligation thereunder or communicated to Seller in writing such party s intent to do so. Except as set forth on Section 3.5(b) of the Disclosure Schedules , correct and complete copies of the Material Contracts that are Acquired Assets, including all material amendments thereto, in the possession of Seller have been made available to Buyer. 
 Section 3.6. Absence of Changes . Except as set forth on Section 3.6 of the Disclosure Schedules , since January 1, 2024, through the Closing Date, Seller and its Affiliates have operated the Business in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and in connection with the Business 
 (a) neither Seller nor any Affiliate of Seller has sold, leased, transferred, licensed or assigned any Acquired Asset, excluding any Inventory sold in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice 
 (b) neither Seller nor any Affiliate of Seller has experienced any damage, destruction or loss (whether or not covered by insurance) to any Acquired Assets, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of 150,000 
 (c) neither Seller nor any Affiliate of Seller has canceled, compromised, waived or released any rights constituting Acquired Assets or claim or any payment owed to it, in any case, involving more than 50,000 in the aggregate 
 (d) neither Seller nor any Affiliate of Seller has modified, changed or terminated any Material Contract 
 (e) neither Seller nor any Affiliate of Seller has adopted a plan or agreement of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization, or other material reorganization 
 22 
 
 165530988v21 

(f) neither Seller nor any Affiliate of Seller has made any material capital expenditures that would constitute an Assumed Liability 
 (g) neither Seller nor any Affiliate of Seller has (i) changed any of its practices or procedures with respect to the collection of accounts receivable or the payment of accounts payable (ii) delayed or postponed the payment of any material accounts payable or other material liabilities of Seller with respect to the Business or (iii) accelerated the collection of material notes or material accounts receivable of Seller with respect to the Business in advance of the dates when the same would have been collected in the ordinary course of business and 
 (h) neither Seller nor any Affiliate of Seller has agreed or committed to any of the foregoing. 
 Section 3.7. Litigation . Except as set forth on Section 3.7 of the Disclosure Schedules , there are no judgments, decrees, lawsuits, actions, claims, arbitrations, injunctions or other legal proceedings (excluding routine correspondence with regulators) (each, a Proceeding pending or, to Seller s Knowledge, threatened, against Seller or any of its Affiliates, whether at law or in equity, whether civil, administrative or criminal in nature or by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Entity, relating to the Business, the Acquired Assets or the Assumed Liabilities. Except as set forth on Section 3.7 of the Disclosure Schedules , neither Seller nor any of its Affiliates is identified as a party that is subject to any restriction or limitation on its operation of the Business under any judgment, order, decree, settlement or injunction of any Governmental Entity. 
 Section 3.8. Permits Compliance with Applicable Law . 
 (a) Seller and its Affiliates have all permits, licenses, approvals, certificates and other authorizations of and from, and have made all declarations and filings with, all Governmental Entities (collectively, the Permits required to be held by it under existing Laws for the operation and ownership of the Projects and the Business as they are currently constructed and operated and for the sale of electric energy therefrom (collectively, the Business Permits ), except to the extent that failure to obtain any Business Permit would not reasonably be expected to be material to the applicable Project (or the Business), and all Business Permits are in full force and effect provided that no representation is made with respect to Permits that may be required to be obtained by Buyer with respect to its ownership of the Acquired Assets. All Business Permits are listed in Section 3.8(a) of the Disclosure Schedules and copies of all Business Permits have been provided to Buyer except, in each case, for any Business Permit the absence of which would not reasonably be expected to be material to Seller, its Affiliates, or a Project. To Seller s Knowledge, no event has occurred that would reasonably be expected to result in any material adverse modification, revocation or termination of any Business Permit. Section 3.8(a) of the Disclosure Schedules lists all (i) Business Permits that cannot be transferred pursuant to applicable Law and (ii) all notices and consents required to be obtained for the valid and effective transfer or continuation of all Permits included in the Acquired Assets pursuant to Section 2.1(a)(v) . 
 (b) Except as set forth on Section 3.8(b) of the Disclosure Schedules , (i) Seller and its Affiliates are in compliance in all material respects with all Laws applicable to the conduct of the Business as currently conducted or the ownership and use of the Acquired Assets, including those relating to maintaining Permits required of Seller and its Affiliates to conduct the Business as currently conducted and, to Seller s Knowledge, no facts or circumstances exist which will cause Seller or any of its Affiliates to violate or fail to comply in any material respect with any such Laws, as in effect as of the Closing Date, in the future (as Seller currently operates) and (ii) no notice has been received by Seller or any of its 
 23 
 
 165530988v21 

Affiliates from any Governmental Entity, alleging that Seller or any of its Affiliates is not in compliance in any material respect with any Law applicable to the conduct of the Business as currently conducted or the ownership and use of the Acquired Assets. Except as listed in Section 3.8(b) of the Disclosure Schedules , neither Seller nor any of its Affiliates is subject to any investigation or other proceeding by a Governmental Entity with respect to violations of any Laws applicable to the Business or the ownership and use of the Acquired Assets nor is there, to Seller s Knowledge, any basis for any such investigation or proceeding. 
 Section 3.9. Regulatory Status . Each Project listed in Section 2.1(a) of the Disclosure Schedules is interconnected directly to the Customer under the Project s respective Customer Agreement. 
 Section 3.10. Projects . 
 (a) Section 3.10 of the Disclosure Schedules contains a true, complete and correct list of the following Contracts relating to the Projects to which Seller or any of its Affiliates is a party or any of the Acquired Assets are bound, in each case, only to the extent that such Contract is in effect or, if not in effect, has any obligations following the Closing, except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to Seller or its Affiliates (collectively the Project Contracts 
 (i) any Contract for the design, engineering, construction, installation or procurement of a Project (or any material portion or equipment thereof) and all associated warranties (including equipment warranties) 
 (ii) any operation and maintenance agreement, asset management agreement, data acquisition systems services agreement, or similar agreement or Contract relating to Seller, its Affiliates, or a Project 
 (iii) all Contracts for the interconnection of a Project with the local electric distribution system 
 (iv) all Customer Agreements and 
 (v) any Contract for the sale or transfer of energy or RECs produced by a Project (whether in the form of electricity sales, sale or transfer of bill credits, or otherwise). 
 (b) Except as set forth on Section 3.10 of the Disclosure Schedules , each of the Project Contracts is, to Seller s Knowledge, binding on the parties thereto and is in full force and effect. Except as set forth on Section 3.10 of the Disclosure Schedules , neither Seller, nor any of Seller s Affiliates, nor (to Seller s Knowledge) any counterparty thereto, is in material breach of such Project Contract and no event or circumstance has occurred and is continuing that with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would be reasonably expected to give rise to a material breach. 
 Section 3.11. Environmental Matters . Seller s and its Affiliates operation of the Business and the Acquired Assets is and has been in compliance in all material respects with all Environmental Laws, including with respect to all permits, licenses and other authorizations required pursuant to Environmental Laws. Neither Seller nor any Affiliate of Seller has received, with respect to the Business or the Acquired Assets, any notice of any violation of, or Liability under, any Environmental Law, nor does Seller or any Affiliate of Seller have any unresolved Liability under any Environmental Law, except for such notices or Liabilities that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Seller has furnished to Buyer copies of all environmental audits, assessments and reports and all other 
 24 
 
 165530988v21 

material environmental documents relating to the Business or the Acquired Assets, in each case which are in the possession, custody or control of Seller or any Affiliate of Seller. 
 Section 3.12. Insurance . 
 (a) Section 3.12(a) of the Disclosure Schedules contains a list of (i) all policies of fire, liability, workers compensation, director & officer liability, property, casualty and other forms of insurance owned or held by Seller or its Affiliates covering the Business or the Acquired Assets as of the Closing Date (collectively, the Insurance Policies ), including the insurer, policy name, the scope (including an indication of whether the coverage is a claims made, occurrence or other basis) and the date through which coverage is scheduled to continue pursuant to the terms thereof, and (ii) with respect to the Business, the Acquired Assets and the Assumed Liabilities, all pending claims under the Insurance Policies. All of the Insurance Policies will remain in the name of Seller or its Affiliates after Closing, and neither Seller nor any of its Affiliates shall have any obligation to transfer, maintain, own or hold any of the Insurance Policies. 
 (b) Except as set forth on Section 3.12(b) of the Disclosure Schedules , (i) neither Seller nor any Affiliate of Seller has made any claim related to the Business, the Acquired Assets or the Assumed Liabilities under any of the Insurance Policies during the two-year period prior to the Closing Date with respect to which an insurer has, in a written notice to Seller or an Affiliate of Seller, questioned, denied or disputed or otherwise reserved its rights with respect to coverage, and (ii) no insurer has threatened to cancel any of the Insurance Policies or provided any written notice of any material increase of premiums with respect to, or cancellation or non-renewal of, any of the Insurance Policies. 
 Section 3.13. Tax Matters. 
 (a) Except as set forth on Section 3.13(a) of the Disclosure Schedules , Seller represents with respect to the Business and the Acquired Assets 
 (i) Seller and its Affiliates have filed all Tax Returns required to be filed by it or with respect to the Business and the Acquired Assets and all such Tax Returns are true, correct and complete in all material respects and were prepared in substantial compliance with applicable Law 
 (ii) Seller and its Affiliates have paid in full all Taxes due and payable by it or with respect to the Business or the Acquired Assets (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) to the appropriate Tax authority 
 (iii) Neither Seller nor its Affiliates have consented to extend the time, and are not the beneficiary of any extension of time, in which any Tax may be assessed or collected by any taxing authority with respect to the Business and the Acquired Assets other than automatic extensions of time to file Tax Returns obtained in the ordinary course of business 
 (iv) no claim has ever been made by an authority in a jurisdiction where Seller or any of its Affiliates does not file Tax Returns that it is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction with respect to the Business and the Acquired Assets 
 (v) with respect to sales made with respect to the Business and the Acquired Assets, Seller and its Affiliates (i) have properly collected and remitted sales, use, gross receipts, and other excise Taxes or (ii) have properly received and retained any appropriate Tax exemption 
 25 
 
 165530988v21 

certificates and other documentation for such sales that qualify such sales as exempt from such Taxes 
 (vi) there is no dispute, audit, investigation, written request for information, assessment, deficiency, examination, claim or other similar proceeding concerning any Tax liability of Seller or any of Seller s Affiliates with respect to the Business and the Acquired Assets either claimed by any authority in writing that has not been resolved or finally settled 
 (vii) the Acquired Assets do not include any stock or other ownership interests in any corporations, partnerships, joint ventures, limited liability companies, business trusts, or other entities 
 (viii) there are no Liens for Taxes (other than Permitted Liens) upon the Business or the Acquired Assets 
 (ix) Seller is not a foreign person as that term is used in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1445-2 
 (x) Neither Seller nor any of its Affiliates has any Liability for the Taxes of any Person (other than Seller, or any of its Affiliates, as the case may be) as a transferee or successor, by Contract (other than Commercial Agreements) or otherwise by operation of Law and 
 (xi) Seller and its Affiliates have deducted and withheld and paid all Taxes to the appropriate Governmental Entity that were required to have been deducted or withheld and paid in connection with amounts paid or owing to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, equityholder, or other third party or its activities, properties or employees, and all Forms W-2 and 1099 (or other applicable information reporting forms) required with respect thereto have been properly completed and timely filed. 
 (b) Nothing in this Section 3.13 or otherwise in this Agreement shall be construed (i) as a representation or warranty with respect to the amount, availability and or utilization of any net operating loss, capital loss, Tax credits, Tax basis or other Tax asset or attribute of the Acquired Assets, Business, or Seller or any of its Affiliates or (ii) other than with respect to Section 3.13(a)(x) ,to apply to any in any taxable period (or portion thereof) beginning after the Closing Date or any Tax position that Buyer or its Affiliates may take in respect of any taxable period (or portion thereof). 
 Section 3.14. Brokers . Except as set forth on Section 3.14 of the Disclosure Schedules , no broker, finder, financial advisor or investment banker is entitled to any broker s, finder s, financial advisors, investment banker s fee or commission or similar payment in connection with the Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Seller or its Affiliates. 
 Section 3.15. Real and Personal Property Title to and Sufficiency of Acquired Assets . 
 (a) Neither Seller nor any Affiliate of Seller has real property or leased real property related to the Business, in each case, included in the Acquired Assets 
 (b) Except as disclosed on Section 3.15(b) of the Disclosure Schedules , 
 26 
 
 165530988v21 

(i) Seller has good and valid title to all Tangible Personal Property and to the Trademarks, in each case to the extent included in the Acquired Assets 
 (ii) Seller has good and valid title to, or a valid and enforceable license or other right to use, all of the other Acquired Assets and 
 (iii) the Acquired Assets are owned by Seller free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens). 
 (c) Except for the Excluded Assets or as disclosed on Section 3.15(c) of the Disclosure Schedules , the Acquired Assets constitute all of the properties, assets and rights necessary to operate the Business in substantially the same manner as conducted on the Closing Date, except for those services and assets offered or to be provided pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement and other Ancillary Documents and other arrangements between Buyer, on the one hand, and Seller and its Affiliates, on the other hand. 
 (d) The Tangible Personal Property is in good operating condition and repair (ordinary wear and tear excepted) and is adequate for the uses to which it is being put immediately prior to the Closing. 
 Section 3.16. Transactions with Affiliates . Except as set forth on Section 3.16 of the Disclosure Schedules and except for amounts due under normal arrangements applicable to all employees generally as to compensation or reimbursement of ordinary business expenses, to Seller s Knowledge, no director, officer, employee or Affiliate of Seller (i) owns, leases, licenses or has an interest in, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, any Acquired Asset or (ii) is a party to any Assigned Contract, in either circumstance, other than as a Customer pursuant to a Customer Agreement that is substantially in the form of a Customer Agreement attached to Section 3.20(l) of the Disclosure Schedules . 
 Section 3.17. Third Party Use of Databases . Except as set forth on Section 3.17 of the Disclosure Schedules , neither Seller nor any Affiliate of Seller has sold, assigned, leased or otherwise transferred to, or permitted the use by, or disclosed to (or authorized, permitted or suffered to incur any such sale, assignment, lease, transfer, use or disclosure) (a Use any third party, any list of past or present customers of the Business except in the ordinary course of business and on terms consistent with prior practice. 
 Section 3.18. Business Accounts Receivable . Except as set forth on Section 3.18 of the Disclosure Schedules , all of the Business Accounts Receivable of Seller (a) represent bona fide arm s length sales in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (b) to Seller s Knowledge are valid and genuine for the aggregate amount thereof, subject to normal and customary trade discounts, less any reserves for doubtful accounts and newsstand return reserves recorded on the Financial Statements, (c) to Seller s Knowledge constitute valid claims of Seller, free and clear of all Liens, and (d) are not subject to any valid claims of set-off or other defense or counterclaims. Except as set forth on Section 3.18 of the Disclosure Schedules , since the date of the Most Recent Balance Sheet, there have not been any write-offs as uncollectible of any Business Accounts Receivable of Seller. 
 Section 3.19. Inventory . Except as set forth on Section 3.19 of the Disclosure Schedules , all Inventory reflected in the Most Recent Balance Sheet is the property of Seller, free and clear of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens), has not been pledged as collateral, is not held on consignment from others and conforms in all material respects to all standards applicable to each item of Inventory or its use or sale imposed by Governmental Entities. 
 27 
 
 165530988v21 

Section 3.20. Solar Assets . 
 (a) Section 3.20(a) of the Disclosure Schedules Schedule of Solar Assets is a complete and correct list of all Solar Asset Information. 
 (b) Except as set forth on Section 3.20(b) of the Disclosure Schedules , the terms of the related Customer Agreement have not been amended, waived, extended, or modified in any respect, other than in writing that has been provided to Buyer. 
 (c) Except as set forth on Section 3.20(c) of the Disclosure Schedules , the related Customer Agreement is not, to Seller s Knowledge, a Defaulted Solar Asset or a Terminated Solar Asset. To Seller s Knowledge, the Customer associated with such Customer Agreement is not a Customer for any other Customer Agreement that was originated, acquired and or serviced by Seller or any Affiliate that would meet the definition of Defaulted Solar Asset. 
 (d) Except as set forth on Section 3.20(d) of the Disclosure Schedules , a minimum of one payment due under the related Customer Agreement has been made prior to the Closing Date. 
 (e) Except as set forth on Section 3.20(e) of the Disclosure Schedules , the related PV System has not been turned off, and remains off as of the Closing Date, due to a Customer delinquency under the Customer Agreement. 
 (f) Except as set forth on Section 3.20(f) of the Disclosure Schedules , no Customer has notified Seller of any Affiliate thereof of any material existing defects in such Customer s PV System which have an adverse impact on the operation of such PV System and are not in the process of being investigated, addressed or repaired by Seller or any Affiliate thereof. 
 (g) Except as set forth on Section 3.20(g) of the Disclosure Schedules , the related Customer Agreement has not been satisfied, subordinated, or rescinded and no lawsuit is pending with respect to such related Customer Agreement. 
 (h) Except as set forth on Section 3.20(h) of the Disclosure Schedules , there are, to Seller s Knowledge, no unpaid fees owed to third parties relating to the origination of the related Customer Agreement and installation of the related PV System. 
 (i) Except as set forth on Section 3.20(i) of the Disclosure Schedules , the related PV System has achieved PTO. 
 (j) Except as set forth on Section 3.20(j) of the Disclosure Schedules , the Customer is not, to Seller s Knowledge, a debtor in a bankruptcy case. To Seller s Knowledge, Customer has not commenced any litigation or asserted any claim in writing challenging the validity or enforceability of the related Customer Agreement. 
 (k) Except as set forth on Section 3.20(k) of the Disclosure Schedules , Seller has legal and equitable title to the related PV Systems free and clear of all liens and encumbrances, except for Permitted Liens. 
 (l) Except as set forth on Section 3.20(l) of the Disclosure Schedules , the related Customer Agreement is substantially in the form of a Customer Agreement attached to Section 3.20(l) of the Disclosure Schedules . 
 28 
 
 165530988v21 

(m) Except as set forth on Section 3.20(m) of the Disclosure Schedules , all Manufacturer Warranties relating to the related Customer Agreement and the related PV System are in full force and effect and can be enforced by the owner of the PV System in accordance with their terms, except with respect to those Manufacturer Warranties that are no longer being honored by the relevant manufacturer with respect to all customers generally, and except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or other laws affecting creditors rights generally, now or hereafter in effect and except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity (whether considered at law or in equity). 
 (n) Except as set forth on Section 3.20(n) of the Disclosure Schedules , the related Customer Agreement and any amendments or modifications were created in paper form or an electronic form and Seller has possession and control of the authoritative copy (as contemplated by Section 9-105 of the UCC), of such Customer Agreement. 
 (o) Neither Seller nor any Affiliate thereof has filed a protective UCC fixture filing in respect of the related PV System. 
 (p) Seller has obtained each consent necessary to assign the related Customer Agreement, if and to the extent required thereby. 
 (q) The origination of the related Customer Agreement and installation of the related PV Systems was in compliance in all material respects with the applicable Laws, including applicable consumer protection Laws, at the time such Customer Agreement was originated and such PV System was installed, as applicable. 
 (r) The related PV System was installed on a residential home or building located in the State of New Jersey and, to the Seller s Knowledge, one or more of the Consumers under the related Customer Agreement was the owner of the real property on which the PV System is installed at the time such Customer Agreement became effective. 
 (s) For all related Customer Agreements with an origination date of January 1, 2014 or after, as of the origination date of the related Customer Agreement, the related Customer had a FICO score of at least 625. 
 (t) The related PV System was installed for the related Customer by an installer in compliance with the written design installation procedures of Seller or its Affiliates. 
 (u) The related Customer has accepted the related PV System. 
 (v) The Solar Photovoltaic Panels and Inverters with respect to the related PV System were manufactured or assembled by a vendor set forth on the approved vendor list of Seller or its Affiliates at the time of installation thereof. 
 Section 3.21. Certain Payments . Except as set forth on Section 3.21 of the Disclosure Schedules , neither Seller nor any director, officer, agent, employee or Affiliate thereof, or any other Person associated with or acting for or on behalf of Seller, any of Seller s Affiliates, or the Business, has directly or indirectly (a) made any contribution, gift, bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other payment to any Person, private or public (i) to obtain favorable treatment in securing business, (ii) to pay for favorable treatment for securing business or favorable disposition of a Governmental Entity, (iii) to obtain special concessions or for special concessions already obtained, for or in respect of Seller or 
 29 
 
 165530988v21 

any Affiliate of Seller, (b) violated (i) the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or (ii) any applicable state or local anti-bribery statutes or ordinance or (c) established or maintained any fund or asset that has not been recorded in the Books and Records. Except as set forth on Section 3.21 of the Disclosure Schedules , no proceeding is pending, or to Seller s Knowledge, threatened alleging factors or circumstances that, if found to be true, would constitute a breach of this Section 3.21 . 
 Section 3.22. No Other Representations . Seller acknowledges that, other than as set forth in ARTICLE 4 of this Agreement, neither Buyer nor any of its directors, officers, employees, Affiliates, stockholders, agents or representatives makes or has made any representation or warranty, either express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information provided to Seller or any of its agents, representatives, lenders or Affiliates and, other than to the extent included or reflected in the specific representations and warranties expressly set forth in ARTICLE 4 of this Agreement, the Ancillary Documents and the certificates and other instruments delivered pursuant hereto, no statement contained in any materials provided to Seller relating to the matters described above other than as set forth in ARTICLE 4 of this Agreement shall be deemed to be relied upon by Seller in executing, delivering and performing this Agreement. In entering into this Agreement, except as expressly provided herein, Seller has relied solely upon its independent investigation and analysis of Buyer and Seller acknowledges and agrees that it has not been induced by and has not relied upon any representations, warranties or statements, whether express or implied, made by Buyer or any other Person that are not expressly set forth in ARTICLE 4 of this Agreement, whether or not such representations, warranties or statements were made in writing or orally. 
 Section 3.23. Limited Guaranty . Attached hereto as Exhibit C is a true, correct and complete copy of the limited guaranty (the Limited Guaranty delivered by NJRC to Buyer concurrently with the execution of this Agreement with respect to certain obligations of Seller under this Agreement as specified therein. The Limited Guaranty is in full force and effect, has not been amended or modified, and constitutes a valid, binding and enforceable obligation of NJRC in favor of Buyer in accordance with its terms, except (i) to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) that the availability of equitable remedies, including, specific performance, is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding thereof may be brought. There is no breach or default under the Limited Guaranty by NJRC, and no event has occurred, which, with or without notice, lapse of time or both, would constitute a default on the part of NJRC under such Limited Guaranty. 
 Section 3.24. EXCLUSIVITY OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES . NOTWITHSTANDING THE DELIVERY OR DISCLOSURE TO BUYER OR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES OF ANY DOCUMENTATION OR OTHER INFORMATION (INCLUDING ANY FINANCIAL PROJECTIONS OR OTHER SUPPLEMENTAL DATA), EXCEPT FOR THE REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE 3 , SELLER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY OTHER REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE BUSINESS OR THE ACQUIRED ASSETS AND BUYER SHALL SOLELY RELY ON THE REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER SET FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE 3 . 
 30 
 
 165530988v21 

ARTICLE 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER 
 Buyer hereby represents and warrants to Seller as of the Closing Date (except with respect to representations and warranties expressly stated to relate to a specific date, in which case such representations and warranties are, were or will be true and correct as of such date) 
 Section 4.1. Organization . Buyer is a limited liability company, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has all requisite power and authority to carry on its businesses as now being conducted, except where the failure to have such power or authority would not prevent or materially delay the consummation of the Transactions. Buyer has delivered to Seller copies of its respective Governing Documents as amended and as in effect as of the Closing Date. 
 Section 4.2. Authority . Buyer has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and each Ancillary Document to which Buyer is a party and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder have been (and the execution and delivery of each of the Ancillary Document to which Buyer is a party and the performance of its obligations thereunder will be) duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of Buyer and no other proceeding (including by its equityholders) on the part of Buyer is necessary to authorize this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents to which Buyer is a party or to consummate the Transactions. No vote of Buyer s equityholders is required to approve this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents to which Buyer is a party, or for Buyer to consummate the Transactions. This Agreement has been (and the Ancillary Documents to which Buyer is a party will be) duly executed and delivered by Buyer, and constitute a valid, legal and binding agreements of Buyer (assuming that this Agreement has been and the Ancillary Documents to which Buyer is a party will be duly authorized, executed and delivered by each of the other parties thereto), enforceable against Buyer in accordance with their terms, except (i) to the extent that enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) that the availability of equitable remedies, including specific performance, is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding thereof may be brought. 
 Section 4.3. Consents and Approvals No Violations . 
 (a) Assuming the truth and accuracy of Seller s representations and warranties contained in Section 3.4 , other than any authorizations, notices or filings required under the HSR Act, no notices to, filings with, or authorizations, consents or approvals of any Person or Governmental Entity are required to be obtained by Buyer in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by Buyer of this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents to which Buyer is a party or the consummation by Buyer of the Transactions. 
 (b) Neither the execution, delivery or performance by Buyer of this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents to which Buyer is a party nor the consummation by Buyer of the Transactions will (i) conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of Buyer s Governing Documents, (ii) result in a violation or breach of, conflict with, give rise to or create any right or obligation under or constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of termination, cancellation, acceleration or modification) or the loss of a benefit under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any material agreement to which Buyer is a party or by which any asset of Buyer is bound, 
 31 
 
 165530988v21 

or (iii) violate, in any material respect, any Order or Law applicable to Buyer or any of Buyer s Affiliates or any of their respective properties or assets. 
 Section 4.4. Litigation . There are no Proceedings pending or threatened against Buyer or any of its Affiliates that challenge, or may have the effect of preventing, delaying, making illegal, or otherwise interfering with, the ability of Buyer to enter into this Agreement or any Ancillary Document or consummate the Transactions. None of Buyer or any of its Affiliates is subject to any Order that challenges, or may have the effect of preventing, delaying, making illegal, or otherwise interfering with, the ability of Buyer to enter into this Agreement or any Ancillary Document or consummate the Transactions. 
 Section 4.5. Brokers . No broker, finder, financial advisor or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder s, financial advisor s or investment banker s fee or commission or similar payment in connection with the Transactions based upon arrangements made by and on behalf of Buyer or any of its Affiliates. 
 Section 4.6. Solvency . Immediately after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, Buyer will not (a) be insolvent (either because its financial condition is such that the sum of its debts is greater than the fair value of its assets or because the fair salable value of its assets is less than the amount required to pay its probable liability on its existing debts as they mature), (b) have unreasonably small capital with which to engage in its business or (c) have incurred debts beyond its ability to pay as they become due. 
 Section 4.7. No Other Representations . Buyer acknowledges that, other than as set forth in ARTICLE 3 of this Agreement, neither Seller nor any of its directors, officers, employees, Affiliates, stockholders, agents or representatives makes or has made any representation or warranty, either express or implied, (x) as to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information provided to Buyer or any of its agents, representatives, lenders or Affiliates or (y) with respect to any projections, forecasts, estimates, plans or budgets of future revenues, expenses or expenditures, future results of operations, future cash flows or future financial condition of the Business provided to Buyer or any of its agents, representatives, lenders or Affiliates, and, other than to the extent included or reflected in the specific representations and warranties expressly set forth in ARTICLE 3 of this Agreement, the Ancillary Documents and the certificates and other instruments delivered pursuant hereto, no statement contained in any materials provided to Buyer relating to the matters described in clause (x) and (y) above other than as set forth in ARTICLE 3 of this Agreement shall be deemed to be relied upon by Buyer in executing, delivering and performing this Agreement. In entering into this Agreement, except as expressly provided herein, Buyer has relied solely upon its independent investigation and analysis of the Business and Buyer acknowledges and agrees that it has not been induced by and has not relied upon any representations, warranties or statements, whether express or implied, made by Seller or any other Person that are not expressly set forth in ARTICLE 3 of this Agreement, whether or not such representations, warranties or statements were made in writing or orally. 
 Section 4.8. Investigation . Seller has provided Buyer with such access to the facilities, books, records and personnel of the Company as Buyer has deemed necessary and appropriate in order for Buyer to investigate to its satisfaction the Business, the Acquired Assets, and the Assumed Liabilities sufficiently to make an informed investment decision to purchase the Acquired Assets, assume the Assumed Liabilities, and enter into this Agreement. Buyer agrees to purchase the Acquired Assets and assume the Assumed Liabilities on the Closing Date based upon its own investigation, examination and determination with respect thereto as to all matters and without reliance upon any express or implied 
 32 
 
 165530988v21 

representations or warranties of any nature made by or on behalf of or imputed to Seller, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents. In connection with Buyer s investigation of the Business, Buyer may have received, or may receive, from Seller and or their representatives or Affiliates certain estimates, projections and other forecasts for the Business, and certain business plans and budget information. Buyer acknowledges that (a) there are uncertainties inherent in attempting to make such estimates, projections, forecasts, plans and budgets, (b) Buyer is familiar with such uncertainties, (c) Buyer is taking full responsibility for making its own evaluation of the adequacy and accuracy of all estimates, projections, forecasts, plans and budgets so furnished to it (including the reasonableness of the assumptions underlying such estimates, projections, forecasts, plans and budgets), (d) Buyer shall have no claim against any Person with respect to such estimates, projections, forecasts, business plans and budget information, and (e) Buyer will not assert any claim against Seller or any of its representatives or Affiliates, or hold Seller or any such representatives or Affiliates liable, with respect to such estimates, projections, forecasts, business plans and budget information, except with respect to the representations and warranties expressly set forth in ARTICLE 3 of this Agreement. 
 Section 4.9. EXCLUSIVITY OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES . NOTWITHSTANDING THE DELIVERY OR DISCLOSURE TO SELLER OR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES OF ANY DOCUMENTATION OR OTHER INFORMATION (INCLUDING ANY FINANCIAL PROJECTIONS OR OTHER SUPPLEMENTAL DATA), EXCEPT FOR THE REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE 4 , BUYER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY OTHER REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED AND SELLER SHALL SOLELY RELY ON THE REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER SET FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE 4 . 
 ARTICLE 5 COVENANTS 
 Section 5.1. Public Announcements . Buyer and Seller shall consult with each other and seek one another s prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld delayed or conditioned) before issuing any press release, or otherwise making any public statements, with respect to the Transactions, and shall not issue any such press release or make any such public statement prior to such consultation and consent provided , however , that each Party may make, without the other Party s consent, (a) any such announcement which it in good faith believes, based on advice of counsel, is necessary or advisable in connection with any requirement of Law, it being understood and agreed that each Party shall provide the other Party with copies of any such announcement in advance of such issuance and an opportunity to comment (the content of which such Party making such announcement will in good faith attempt to incorporate), (b) internal announcements to its respective employees, and (c) announcements to direct and indirect owners and investors provided , further , that Buyer and its Affiliates may disclose the Transactions to its or their actual and potential financing sources, in each case, in Buyer s or such Affiliate s ordinary course of business and to the extent such information is subject to customary confidentiality obligations not less restrictive than those set forth in the Confidentiality Agreement. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, (i) Seller and Buyer (and their respective Affiliates) may make any disclosures required for financial reporting purposes and to the extent included in public releases or announcements made by Seller, Buyer or their respective Affiliates in accordance with the public filing practices of Seller, Buyer or their respective Affiliates or otherwise as required by any listing agreement with any applicable national or regional securities exchange or market, securities Laws (including the Exchange Act), or any other applicable Law (ii) nothing contained or implied herein shall preclude any Party from releasing any information in connection with enforcing its 
 33 
 
 165530988v21 

rights under this Agreement or the Ancillary Documents or in connection with the preparation and filing such Party s Tax Returns and (iii) a Party and its representatives may make customary tombstone or similar announcements concerning the Transactions that do not include the amount of consideration involved hereunder (or any other financial metric such as proceeds, rate of return, or return multiples). 
 Section 5.2. Post-Closing Access to Records Retention of Records. 
 (a) For a period of three years after the Closing Date, during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice, Buyer will promptly provide Seller and its Affiliates and agents reasonable access, at the sole cost and expense of Seller, to its properties, books, records, information, data, employees, and auditors with respect to the Business or the Acquired Assets to the extent relating to (i) any period ending on or before the Closing Date or any matter occurring before the Closing or (ii) the preparation of insurance claims, financial statements, or regulatory or reporting requirements of Seller, or any of its Affiliates, or the defense of any Third-Party Claim, but specifically excluding any Proceeding in which Buyer, any of its Affiliates, or any of their respective successors, on the one hand, and Seller, any of its Affiliates, or any of their respective successors or heirs, on the other hand, are adverse provided that, except as required by Law, legal process or any listing agreement with or the listing rules of a national securities exchange or trading market, Seller will hold, and will direct its agents to hold, in confidence all confidential or proprietary information to which it has had access to pursuant to this Section 5.2 provided , further , that such access shall not unreasonably interfere with Buyer s business or operations and Buyer shall not be required to disclose information subject to any attorney-client privilege, work-product doctrine or other applicable privilege or conflict with any confidentiality obligations to which Buyer is bound or any Law applicable to Buyer. 
 (b) Following the Closing, to the extent included in the Acquired Assets, for a period of three years after the Closing Date (or such longer period as may be required by Law), Buyer shall retain complete and correct originals or copies of the books and records and other information and data of the Business and related operations with respect to pre-Closing periods. If Buyer or any of its Affiliates shall desire to dispose of any of such books and records prior to the expiration of such three-year period in accordance with the record retention policies of Buyer or such Affiliate then in effect, Buyer shall, prior to such disposal, give Seller reasonable prior notice to enable Seller, at Seller s expense, to segregate and remove such books and records as Seller may select, subject to destruction of correspondence and other similar documents in the ordinary course, in accordance with customary retention policies and applicable Law. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, for a period of three years after the Closing Date (or such longer period as may be required by Law), Seller shall maintain and provide Buyer and its representatives reasonable access to, those records of Seller and its respective Affiliates insofar as they relate to the Acquired Assets that relate to periods prior to the consummation of the Closing, during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice. If Seller or any of its Affiliates shall desire to dispose of any of such books and records prior to the expiration of such three-year period in accordance with the record retention policies of Seller or such Affiliate then in effect, Seller shall, prior to such disposal, give Buyer reasonable prior notice to enable Buyer, at Buyer s expense, to segregate and remove such books and records as Buyer may select, subject to destruction of correspondence and other similar documents in the ordinary course, in accordance with customary retention policies and applicable Law. 
 34 
 
 165530988v21 

Section 5.3. Use of Names . 
 (a) Except as may be needed by Seller with respect to the post-Closing sale of additional Projects under Section 5.10 , as soon as reasonably practicable after the Closing, but no later than 120 days after the Closing, Seller shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, immediately cease all use of any Business Marks or any Trademarks that are specific to the Business and the continued use of which would be reasonably likely to cause consumers to believe Seller and its Affiliates own and operate the Business after the Closing accordingly, Seller shall take any commercially reasonable steps necessary to ensure any links between the Business and Seller and its Affiliates are removed, except (i) as permitted by the Transition Services Agreement or any other Ancillary Document or where Buyer has otherwise granted its prior written consent to such use, (ii) to the extent necessary in the good faith performance of any Ancillary Document, including the Transition Services Agreement, or (iii) where included in public releases or announcements made by Seller or its Affiliates in accordance with the public filing practices of Seller or its Affiliates or otherwise as required by any listing agreement with any applicable national or regional securities exchange or market, securities Laws or any other applicable Law. 
 (b) As soon as reasonably practicable after the Closing, but no later than 120 days after the Closing, Buyer shall cease all use of all of Seller s and its Affiliates Trademarks and all Trademarks that are specific to Seller or any of its Affiliates and the continued use of which would be reasonably likely to cause consumers to believe Seller or its Affiliates are involved in the ownership or operation the Business after the Closing accordingly, Buyer shall take any commercially reasonable steps necessary to ensure any links between the Business and Seller and its Affiliates are removed, except (i) as permitted by the Transition Services Agreement or any other Ancillary Document or where Seller and its respective Affiliates have otherwise granted prior written consent to such use, (ii) to the extent necessary in the good faith performance of any Ancillary Document, including the Transition Services Agreement, or (iii) where included in public releases or announcements made by Buyer or its Affiliates in accordance with the public filing practices of Buyer or its Affiliates or otherwise as required by any listing agreement with any applicable national or regional securities exchange or market, securities Laws or any other applicable Law. 
 Section 5.4. Tax Matters. 
 (a) Transfer Taxes . All property transfer or gains tax, stamp tax, stock transfer tax, bulk sales or other similar Tax imposed with respect to the purchase and sale of the Acquired Assets and assumption of the Assumed Liabilities pursuant to this Agreement (collectively, Transfer Taxes ), and any penalties or interest or tax return preparation or filing expenses with respect to the Transfer Taxes, will be borne 50 by Buyer and 50 by Seller. The Party required to do so under applicable Law shall prepare and file all Tax Returns for any Transfer Tax and shall remit the Transfer Tax shown as due on each such Tax Return (subject to reimbursement from the other Party for its share of such Transfer Taxes). Such filing Party shall permit the other Party a reasonable amount of time to review and comment on each such Tax Return before filing and shall make such revisions as are reasonably requested by Buyer. Buyer shall otherwise cooperate with Seller in filing all necessary Tax Returns and other documentation with respect to Transfer Taxes. 
 (b) Tax Contests. 
 (i) If any Governmental Entity or third-party notifies Buyer or Seller of the existence of (i) any audit, litigation or other proceeding relating to Taxes with respect to the Business or the Acquired Assets for any taxable period ending on or before the Closing Date or 
 35 
 
 165530988v21 

Straddle Period or (ii) a deficiency in the payment of any Taxes with respect to the Business or the Acquired Assets for any taxable period ending on or before the Closing Date or Straddle Period (each, a Tax Claim ), or (iii) any pending or threatened Tax audit or assessment challenging the Final Purchase Price Allocation, the Buyer or Seller, as applicable, shall give notice to the other party within fifteen (15) days after receipt of written notice of the Tax Claim or challenge to the Final Purchase Price Allocation. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Seller and its Affiliates shall have sole control over any audit, litigation or other proceeding relating to Taxes or Tax Returns of Seller or any of its Affiliates which would not reasonably be expected to result in an indemnification obligation of Seller pursuant to ARTICLE 7 (a Seller Tax Claim ). The conduct of any audit, litigation, other Proceeding or response to a deficiency notice relating to the ITC shall be governed solely by the terms of the Project Leaseback Agreement. 
 (iii) For Tax Claims which are not Seller Tax Claims 
 (A) Seller, at its sole cost and expense, shall control any such Tax Claim (including the settlement or resolution thereof) relating to taxable periods ending on or before the Closing Date. Seller shall (i) control the conduct of such Tax Claim in good faith (ii) keep Buyer reasonably informed regarding the status of such Tax Claim (iii) promptly deliver to Buyer, for Buyer s review and comment, any correspondence to be filed with the Governmental Entity with respect to such Tax Claim (iv) promptly deliver to Buyer copies of any correspondence received by Seller from a Governmental Entity with respect to such Tax Claim (v) allow Buyer, at Buyer s sole cost and expense, to participate in such Tax Claim and (vi) obtain the prior written consent of Buyer (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) before entering into any settlement of such Tax Claim or ceasing to defend such Tax Claim if the resolution of such Tax Claim reasonably could be expected to increase the Tax liability of the Buyer for Tax periods ending on or after the Closing Date. If Buyer elects to participate in such Tax Claim at its own expense, Seller shall take such commercially reasonable actions as are requested in writing by Buyer and reasonably necessary for Buyer to participate in such Tax Claim, provided, however, that such actions shall not require Seller to incur any additional third-party costs or expenses. 
 (B) Buyer, at its sole cost and expense, shall control any such Tax Claim relating to a Straddle Period. Buyer shall (i) control the conduct of such Tax Claim in good faith (ii) keep Seller reasonably informed regarding the status of such Tax Claim (including any requests to extend any applicable statutes of limitations) (iii) promptly deliver to Seller, for Seller s review and comment, any correspondence to be filed with the Governmental Entity with respect to such Tax Claim (iv) promptly deliver to Seller copies of any correspondence received by Buyer from a Governmental Entity with respect to such Tax Claim (v) allow Seller, at Seller s sole cost and expense, to participate in such Tax Claim and (vi) obtain the prior written consent of Seller (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed) before entering into any settlement of such Tax Claim or ceasing to defend such Tax Claim to the extent the resolution of such Tax Claim reasonably could be expected to increase the Tax liability of Seller or its Affiliates or to be the subject of an indemnification obligation of Seller under this Agreement. If Seller elects to participate in such Tax Claim at its own expense, Buyer shall take such commercially reasonable actions as are requested in writing by Seller and reasonably necessary for Seller to participate in such Tax Claim, provided, however, that such actions shall not require Buyer to incur any additional third-party costs or expenses. 
 36 
 
 165530988v21 

(iv) To the extent of any conflict between Section 7.6 and this Section 5.4(b) , the provisions of this Section 5.4(b) shall control. 
 (c) Cooperation. Each of Buyer and Seller shall cooperate fully, as and to the extent reasonably requested by the other, in connection with the filing of tax returns and any proceeding with respect to Taxes. Such cooperation shall include the retention and (upon request therefor) the provision of records and information reasonably relevant to any such proceeding and making employees available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of any material provided hereunder. Buyer and Seller agree to (i) retain all books and records with respect to Tax matters pertinent to the Business and the Acquired Assets relating to any taxable period beginning on or before the Closing Date until expiration of the statute of limitations of the respective taxable periods plus 90 days, and to abide by all record retention agreements entered into with any Tax authority, and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to give the other Party reasonable written notice prior to destroying or discarding any such books and records. 
 (d) Bulk Sales Laws . Each Party hereto waives compliance by the other Parties with the provisions of any bulk sales, bulk transfer or similar laws of any jurisdiction that may otherwise be applicable with respect to the sale of any or all of the Acquired Assets provided , however , that any Losses or Taxes relating to such noncompliance shall be treated as an Excluded Tax. 
 (e) Apportionment of Taxes . For all purposes under this Agreement, (i) all real property Taxes, personal property Taxes and other ad valorem Taxes and similar ad valorem obligations levied with respect to the Businesses or the Acquired Assets for a Straddle Period shall be apportioned between Seller and Buyer as of the Closing based on the number of days of such taxable period ending on and including the Closing Date and the number of days of such taxable period after the Closing Date and (ii) all other Taxes levied with respect to the Businesses or the Acquired Assets for a Straddle Period shall be apportioned between Seller and Buyer as though the taxable year terminated, and based on a closing of the books, at the end of the Closing Date. Seller shall be liable for the proportionate amount of such Taxes that is attributable to the Pre-Closing Tax Period, and Buyer shall be liable for the proportionate amount of such Taxes that is attributable to the Post-Closing Tax Period. Upon receipt after Closing of any bill for real or personal property and other ad valorem Taxes and similar ad valorem obligations relating to the Businesses or the Acquired Assets for a Straddle Period, Seller and Buyer, as applicable, shall present a statement to the other setting forth the amount of reimbursement to which each is entitled under this Section 5.4(e) together with such supporting evidence as is reasonably necessary to calculate the proration amount. The proration amount shall be paid by the Party owing it to the other Party within 20 days after delivery of such statement. In the event that either Seller or Buyer shall make any other payment for which it is entitled to reimbursement under this Section 5.4(e) , the other Party shall make such reimbursement promptly but in no event later than 20 days after the presentation of a statement setting forth the amount of reimbursement to which the presenting Party is entitled along with such supporting evidence as is reasonably necessary to calculate the amount of reimbursement. If any amount of such Straddle Period real or personal property and other ad valorem Taxes and similar ad valorem obligations relating to the Businesses or the Acquired Assets are refunded, such refund shall be shared by Buyer and Seller in the manner described above in clause (i). 
 (f) Seller Consolidated Group . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, neither Buyer nor any Affiliate thereof shall have any right to access or review any income Tax Return or income Tax work papers of Seller or any Affiliate of Seller (including any income Tax Return of any consolidated, combined, affiliated or unitary group that includes Seller, and any pro forma income Tax Return used to create any such Tax Return). 
 37 
 
 165530988v21 

Section 5.5. Further Assurances . From time to time following the Closing, the Parties shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates, officers, directors, agents, employees and other representatives to, execute, acknowledge and deliver all such further conveyances, notices, assumptions, releases and acquittances and such other instruments, and shall take such further actions, as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to assure fully to Buyer and its successors or assigns, all of the properties, rights, titles, interests, estates, remedies, powers and privileges intended to be conveyed to Buyer under this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents and to assure fully to Seller and its respective successors and assigns, the assumption of the Liabilities intended to be assumed by Buyer under this Agreement and the Ancillary Documents, and to otherwise make effective the Transactions. 
 Section 5.6. Cooperation in Litigation . Buyer and Seller shall (and shall cause their respective Affiliates to) reasonably cooperate with each other at the requesting Party s expense in the prosecution or defense of any Proceeding arising from or related to the operation of the Business and involving one or more third parties. The Party requesting such cooperation shall pay the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (excluding internal costs) incurred in providing such cooperation (including reasonable legal fees and disbursements) by the Party providing such cooperation and by its Affiliates and its and their officers, members, directors, employees and agents. 
 Section 5.7. Standstill . Without Buyer s or Seller s consent, as applicable, Seller and Buyer, respectively, shall not, and shall cause their respective Exchange Act Affiliates not to, for a period of two years from the date of this Agreement (a) purchase or otherwise acquire, or offer, seek, propose, or agree to acquire, ownership (including beneficial ownership as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of any (i) securities of the other Party or any of its Exchange Act Affiliates, as applicable (a Public Counterparty ), or (ii) direct or indirect rights or options to acquire any such securities described in Section 5.7(a)(i) or any securities convertible into any such securities described in Section 5.7(a)(i) (collectively, the securities described in Section 5.7(a)(i) and Section 5.7(a)(ii) are Securities (b) seek or propose, alone or in concert with others, to control or influence in any manner the management, the board of directors or the policies of the Public Counterparty, including a proposal pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (c) make, or in any way participate, directly or indirectly, in any solicitation of proxies (as such terms are used in the proxy rules under the Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder) to vote, or seek to advise or influence any Person with respect to the voting of any voting securities of a Public Counterparty (d) make any proposal or any statement regarding any proposal, whether written or oral, to the board of directors of a Public Counterparty or any director or officer of a Public Counterparty or otherwise make any public announcement or proposal whatsoever with respect to any other transaction or proposed transaction between the Parties, any of a Public Counterparty s security holders, or any of their respective Exchange Act Affiliates, including any acquisition, tender or exchange offer, merger, sale of assets or securities, or other business combination, unless (i) the Public Counterparty s board of directors or its designated representatives have requested in advance the submission of such a proposal, (ii) such proposal is directed to the Public Counterparty s board of directors or its designated representatives, and (iii) any public announcement with respect to such proposal is approved in advance by the Public Counterparty s board of directors or (e) providing financing (including guarantees), in whole or in part, to any Person with respect to the matters in clauses (a)-(d) above of this Section 5.7 . 
 Section 5.8. Post-Closing Payments . From and after the Closing Date, but subject to the terms of applicable Ancillary Documents, in the event that any payments with respect to the Business are made to a bank account included in the Excluded Assets or otherwise received by Seller or any of its Affiliates, Seller agrees that any such payments received by Seller will be received by Seller in trust for the benefit of Buyer, and Seller will transfer or deliver, or cause to be transferred and delivered to Buyer, 
 38 
 
 165530988v21 

promptly after the receipt thereof, in accordance with the instructions provided by Buyer, any such payment with respect to the Business. 
 Section 5.9. Post-Closing Purchase and Sale of SRECs . From and after Closing, but subject to the terms of the Solar Renewable Energy Certificates Agreement (and in case of any conflict, the terms of the Solar Renewable Energy Certificates Agreement shall govern) 
 (a) Seller shall (or shall cause NJRES to) promptly transfer back to Buyer (or its assignee) any SRECs generated by the Projects in EY2025 and delivered to NJRES SA GATS Account in excess of the 45,000 SRECs sold under the Solar Renewable Energy Certificates Agreement. 
 (b) Seller shall (or shall cause NJRES to) promptly transfer back to Buyer (or its assignee) any SRECs generated by the Projects in EY2026 and delivered to NJRES SA GATS Account in excess of the 60,000 SRECs sold under the Solar Renewable Energy Certificates Agreement. 
 (c) While the Projects are associated with NJRES SA GATS Account, Seller shall (and shall cause NJRES to) grant Buyer (and its assignee) the necessary permissions with PJM EIS to view the activity in NJRES SA GATS Account. 
 (d) NJRES shall establish a new GATS Account, or designate an existing NJRES GATS Account and transfer to another GATS Account any generating units in addition to the Projects that are currently associated with the designated GATS Account (in either case, such new or designated GATS Account shall be referred to as NJRES SA GATS Account ), such that the Projects are the only generating units associated with the NJRES SA GATS Account. 
 Section 5.10. Post-Closing Sale of Additional Projects . From and after Closing, Seller shall sell, convey, assign, transfer and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase and accept from Seller, all of Seller s right, title and interest in certain additional electric generating projects, as follows 
 (a) At and after Closing, Seller will send and deliver to Buyer a list of Customer Agreements between Seller and additional Customers with respect to which the related electric generating unit (i) was not listed as a Project on Section 2.1(a) of the Disclosure Schedules because it had not achieved PTO by October 28, 2024, but has since achieved PTO or (ii) has not achieved PTO. Seller may amend the list up until and including forty-five (45) days after the Closing Date, at which time the list shall be deemed final (the Section 5.10 Schedule of Additional Projects ). 
 (b) The Section 5.10 Schedule of Additional Projects may not include any Customer Agreements presented by Seller s installation channel partners (each an Installer in partially executed form by the Customer, to Seller for countersignature, more than thirty (30) days after the Closing Date. 
 (c) Seller shall promptly notify Buyer in writing after an electric generating unit associated with a Customer Agreement listed on the Section 5.10 Schedule of Additional Projects achieves PTO and upon such notice such electric generating unit shall be deemed in all respects a PV System , Project and Solar Asset under this Agreement, sold, conveyed, assigned, transferred and delivered to Buyer as of the PTO date, and the Schedule of Solar Assets and Section 2.1(a) of the Disclosure Schedules (with respect to Projects) shall be deemed amended to include such additional Project(s). 
 (d) With respect to each additional Project that is sold and transferred under this Section 5.10 , except as set forth in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, Seller hereby 
 39 
 
 165530988v21 

repeats mutatis mutandis to Buyer as of the PTO date those representations and warranties contained in this Agreement that are applicable to a Customer , Customer Agreement , Project , Solar Asset , and PV System . 
 (e) Each additional Project sold under this Section 5.10 shall be in all respects a Leaseback Project , included under the Project Leaseback Agreement, and Section 2.7 of the Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed amended to include such additional Leaseback Project. 
 (f) Buyer shall pay to Seller 2,410 per kW or portion thereof of the installed capacity of each additional Project sold and delivered to Buyer in excess of 210 kW under this Section 5.10 . Seller shall invoice Buyer for payments no more than once monthly. For the avoidance of doubt, Buyer shall not pay Seller any additional amounts for the first 210 kW of incremental capacity sold and delivered to Buyer by Seller. 
 (g) In the event that Seller sells less than 210kW of installed capacity of additional Projects to Buyer pursuant to this Section 5.10 , Seller shall pay to Buyer an amount in cash, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account specified by Buyer, equal to (i) (A) 210kW minus (B) the actual amount of installed capacity of additional Projects sold to Buyer pursuant to this Section 5.10 multiplied by (ii) 2,410. 
 (h) For avoidance of doubt, prior to Seller s sale and delivery of a completed additional Project to Buyer under this Section 5.10 , Seller shall be responsible for all costs and expenses related to the development and construction of the Project, including paying its Installers. 
 Section 5.11. Delivery of Abbreviated Audited Financial Statements . No later than seventy (70) days following the Closing Date, Seller shall deliver to Buyer (a) the abbreviated audited financial statements of operations of the Business, subject to adjustments, for the twelve-month periods ending on September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2024, and (ii) the abbreviated audited financial balance sheets, subject to adjustments, for the Business as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2024 (collectively, the Financial Statements ). The Financial Statements will (i) have been prepared in accordance with Seller s accounting policies in effect from time to time and (ii) fairly present, in all material respects, the financial position of the Business as of the dates thereof and the results of operations for the periods then ended. The Books and Records will form the basis for the Financial Statements. 
 ARTICLE 6 CLOSING DELIVERABLES 
 Section 6.1. Seller Closing Deliverables . At the Closing, Seller shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Buyer the following 
 (a) a certified copy of the resolutions of the board of directors, managers or other governing body of Seller authorizing the execution and delivery of the Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions 
 (b) a duly completed and executed IRS Form W-9 from Seller (or, if Seller is a disregarded entity, the entity that is treated as owning Seller s assets for federal income Tax purposes) 
 (c) a copy of the Assignment and Assumption Agreement duly executed by Seller 
 (d) a copy of the Bill of Sale duly executed by Seller 
 40 
 
 165530988v21 

(e) a copy of the Project Leaseback Agreement duly executed by Seller 
 (f) a copy of the Solar Renewable Energy Certificates Agreement duly executed by NJRES 
 (g) a copy of the Transition Services Agreement duly executed by Seller 
 (h) evidence reasonably satisfactory to Buyer that (i) all lease agreements, and all security interests, indebtedness or Liens (other than Permitted Liens) created or granted on any Acquired Asset shall have been irrevocably discharged, released or terminated (including by the filing of uniform commercial code termination statements), (ii) all of the Acquired Assets owned by Seller as lessor have been irrevocably transferred to Seller, as of the Closing Date, free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens and (iii) any and all intercompany loans have been irrevocably discharged in full 
 (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory to Buyer that the Project Contracts to which Seller or an Affiliate thereof is a party have been terminated or assigned to Buyer or a Subsidiary, as applicable 
 (j) the Limited Guaranty duly executed by NJRC 
 (k) documentation reasonably satisfactory to Buyer that all Acquired Assets have been assigned to Seller by NJR Clean Energy Ventures Corporation, an Affiliate of Seller 
 (l) a duly completed and executed New Jersey Division of Taxation Form ST-4 Sales Tax Exempt Use Certificate and 
 (m) such other documents, instruments and certificates as Buyer may reasonably request and are reasonably necessary to consummate the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 Section 6.2. Buyer Closing Deliverables . At the Closing, Buyer shall 
 (a) pay to Seller the Base Purchase Price pursuant to Section 2.3 
 (b) deliver to Seller 
 (i) a certified copy of the resolutions of the board of directors, managers or other governing body of Buyer authorizing the execution and delivery of the Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions 
 (ii) a copy of the Assignment and Assumption Agreement duly executed by Buyer 
 (iii) a copy of the Bill of Sale duly executed by Buyer 
 (iv) a copy of the Project Leaseback Agreement duly executed by Buyer 
 (v) a copy of the Solar Renewable Energy Certificates Agreement duly executed by Borrower 
 41 
 
 165530988v21 

(vi) a copy of the Transition Services Agreement duly executed by Spruce Power 
 (vii) a duly completed and executed (A) New Jersey Division of Taxation Form ST-3 Sales Tax Resale Certificate and (B) New Jersey Division of Taxation Form ST-4 Sales Tax Exempt Use Certificate and 
 (viii) such other documents, instruments and certificates as Seller may reasonably request and are reasonably necessary to consummate the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 ARTICLE 7 SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS INDEMNIFICATION 
 Section 7.1. Survival. 
 (a) The Fundamental Representations shall survive the Closing and continue in full force and effect thereafter until 6 00 p.m., New York City time, on the date that is 60 days after the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations (as extended). 
 (b) Except as provided in Section 7.1(a) above, the representations and warranties contained in ARTICLE 3 and ARTICLE 4 of this Agreement shall survive the Closing and continue in full force and effect thereafter until the date that is 18 months following the Closing Date. 
 (c) Indemnification Claims pursuant to Section 7.2(c) or Section 7.3(c) shall survive the Closing and continue in full force and effect thereafter until 6 00 p.m., New York City time, on the date that is the six years following the Closing Date. 
 (d) All covenants and agreements contained herein will survive the Closing until fully performed in accordance with their terms or for their stated term, as applicable. 
 (e) No Indemnification Claim may be asserted against any Party under Section 7.2 or Section 7.3 unless written notice describing such Indemnification Claim has been given to such Party in accordance with Section 7.6 on or prior to the date on which the representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on which such Indemnification Claim is based ceases to survive as set forth in this Section 7.1 . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if written notice of an Indemnification Claim has been given to the Indemnitor in accordance with Section 7.6 prior to the expiration of the applicable survival period set forth in this Section 7.1 for the representation, warranty, covenant or agreement, then the applicable Indemnification Claim shall not thereafter be barred by the expiration of the relevant representation, warranty, covenant or agreement and such Indemnification Claim shall survive until finally resolved. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Indemnification Claims based on Fraud shall survive the Closing hereunder and continue in full force and effect until 6 00 p.m., New York City time, on the date that is the six years following the Closing Date. 
 Section 7.2. Indemnification by Seller . From and after the Closing and subject to the limitations set forth in Section 7.4 , Seller (and with respect to the Solar Renewable Energy Certificates Agreement, NJRES) shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Buyer and its Affiliates and their respective successors and permitted assigns, officers, employees, directors, equityholders, members, 
 42 
 
 165530988v21 

managers and partners (collectively, the Buyer Indemnitees against Losses, incurred by the Buyer Indemnitees as a result of, arising out of, in connection with or relating to any and all of the following 
 (a) any breach of any representation or warranty of Seller contained in this Agreement or of NJRES contained in the Solar Renewable Energy Certificates Agreement 
 (b) any breach of any covenant or agreement of Seller contained in this Agreement or of NJRES contained in the Solar Renewable Energy Certificates Agreement and 
 (c) any Excluded Liability, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Excluded Taxes. 
 Section 7.3. Indemnification by Buyer . From and after the Closing and subject to the limitations set forth in Section 7.4 , Buyer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Seller, its Affiliates and their respective successors and permitted assigns, officers, employees, directors, equityholders, members, managers and partners (collectively, the Seller Indemnitees against all Losses incurred by the Seller Indemnitees as a result of, arising out of, in connection with or relating to any and all of the following 
 (a) any breach of any representation or warranty of Buyer contained in this Agreement or the Solar Renewable Energy Certificates Agreement 
 (b) any breach of any covenant or agreement of Buyer contained in this Agreement or the Solar Renewable Energy Certificates Agreement and 
 (c) the Assumed Liabilities. 
 Section 7.4. Limitations on Rights of Indemnification. 
 (a) Seller shall not be required to indemnify the Buyer Indemnitees pursuant to Section 7.2(a) unless and until the aggregate amount of Losses incurred by the Buyer Indemnitees thereunder exceeds 750,000 (the Basket Amount ), in which event the Buyer Indemnitees shall be entitled to recover only Losses in excess of the Basket Amount (subject to the other applicable provisions of this Agreement) provided , however , that the Basket Amount shall not apply to Indemnification Claims for Losses incurred, suffered or sustained by any Buyer Indemnitee as a result of, arising out of, in connection with or relating to any breach or inaccuracy of the Fundamental Representations. 
 (b) The maximum liability of Seller to the Buyer Indemnitees pursuant to Section 7.2(a) shall not exceed 15,000,000 (the Basic Cap ), except with respect to Indemnification Claims for Losses incurred, suffered or sustained by any Buyer Indemnitee as a result of, arising out of, in connection with or relating to any breach or inaccuracy of the Fundamental Representations. 
 (c) The maximum liability of Seller to the Buyer Indemnitees pursuant to Section 7.2 shall not exceed an amount equal to the Purchase Price, except with respect to Indemnification Claims for Losses incurred, suffered or sustained by any Buyer Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7.2(c) . 
 (d) Buyer shall not be required to indemnify the Seller Indemnitees under Section 7.3(a) unless and until the aggregate amount of all such Losses incurred by the Seller Indemnitees thereunder exceeds the Basket Amount, in which event the Seller Indemnitees shall be entitled to recover all Losses from the first dollar of Loss. 
 43 
 
 165530988v21 

(e) The maximum liability of Buyer to the Seller Indemnitees pursuant to Section 7.3(a) shall not exceed the Basic Cap. 
 (f) The maximum liability of Buyer to the Seller Indemnitees pursuant to Section 7.3 shall not exceed an amount equal to the Purchase Price, except with respect to Indemnification Claims for Losses incurred, suffered or sustained by any Seller Indemnitee based on Section 7.3(c) . 
 (g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, there shall be no maximum liability with respect to (i) Indemnification Claims brought by Buyer Indemnitees pursuant to Section 7.2(c) or (ii) Indemnification Claims brought by Seller Indemnitees pursuant to Section 7.3(c) . 
 (h) Solely for calculating the amount of any Losses arising out of or resulting from any breach of any representation or warranty of Seller contained in this Agreement, but not for the purpose of determining whether such breach has occurred, the references to material, in all material respects, Material Adverse Effect or other materiality qualifications (or correlative terms), including as expressed in accounting concepts, shall be disregarded provided that, for all purposes under this Agreement, the representations and warranties of the parties contained in this Agreement shall be read to include such terms and phrases as used in that portion of any representation or warranty that requires Seller to provide lists in the Disclosure Schedules. 
 (i) No right of indemnification under this ARTICLE 7 shall be limited by reason of any investigation or audit conducted before or after the Closing or the knowledge of any Party of any breach of representation, warranty, covenant or agreement by another Party at any time, or the decision of any Party to complete the Closing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Buyer shall have the right, irrespective of any knowledge or investigation of Buyer, its Affiliates, agents or representatives, to rely fully on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of Seller contained herein. 
 Section 7.5. No Limitation on Claims for Fraud . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing contained in this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any Indemnification Claim based on Fraud, and, except as set forth in Section 7.1(f) , any Indemnification Claims based on Fraud shall not be subject to any limitations contained in this Agreement. 
 Section 7.6. Indemnification Procedures. 
 (a) Any Party entitled to indemnification under this Agreement (each, an Indemnitee shall promptly (i) notify or cause to be notified the Party required to provide indemnification under this Agreement (the Indemnitor and (ii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Indemnitor a written notice describing in reasonable detail (to the extent known but, at a minimum, with sufficient detail so as to provide the Indemnitor with actual notice of the underlying issue) the nature of the Indemnification Claim and, if available, a reasonable estimate of the amount of Losses reasonably expected to arise from such Indemnification Claim. Failure to notify the Indemnitor in accordance with this Section 7.6(a) shall not relieve the Indemnitor of any liability that it may have to the Indemnitee, except to the extent the defense of such Indemnification Claim is materially prejudiced by the Indemnitee s failure to give or cause to be given such notice. With respect to an Indemnification Claim that is not a Third-Party Claim, the Indemnitor shall notify the Indemnitee within 30 days following its receipt of such notice if the Indemnitor disputes its liability to the Indemnitee under this ARTICLE 7 , and if the Indemnitor does not so notify the Indemnitee, the Indemnitor shall be deemed to have rejected such claim, in which case the Indemnitee shall have the right to seek any and all available remedies in respect thereof on the terms and subject to the provisions of this Agreement. 
 44 
 
 165530988v21 

(b) If any third party notifies a Party of a matter (a Third-Party Claim which may give rise to an Indemnification Claim, then the Indemnitee shall (i) notify or cause to be notified the Indemnitor and (ii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Indemnitor a written notice describing in reasonable detail (to the extent known) the nature of the Third-Party Claim and, if available, a reasonable estimate of the amount of Losses reasonably expected to arise from such Third-Party Claim. Failure to notify the Indemnitor in accordance with this Section 7.6(b) shall not relieve the Indemnitor of any liability that it may have to the Indemnitee, except to the extent the defense of such Third-Party Claim is materially prejudiced by the Indemnitee s failure to give or cause to be given such notice. 
 (c) Each Indemnitor shall have the right to participate in, or by giving written notice to each Indemnitee, to assume the defense of any Third-Party Claim at each Indemnitor s expense and by each Indemnitor s own counsel reasonably acceptable to the Indemnitees, and the Indemnitees shall cooperate in good faith in such defense provided that the following conditions must be satisfied (i) the Indemnitors shall have confirmed in writing, within 30 days after receiving notice of such Third-Party Claim, that they are assuming such defense and the Indemnitors will irrevocably and unconditionally indemnify (subject to Section 7.4 each Indemnitee against any Losses that may result from the Third-Party Claim (ii) the Indemnitees shall not have given the Indemnitors written notice that they have determined, in the exercise of their reasonable discretion based on advice of counsel, that a conflict of interest between the Indemnitees and the Indemnitors exists and such conflict of interest cannot be waived (iii) the Third-Party Claim does not involve claims for injunctive or equitable relief, relate to or arise in connection with a criminal proceeding, allege violations of Law, or allege fraud and (iv) the Indemnitors demonstrate to the Indemnitees reasonable satisfaction that, as of such time, the Indemnitors have sufficient financial resources to defend such Third-Party Claim. 
 (d) If the Indemnitors elect to assume the defense of a Third-Party Claim in accordance with Section 7.6(c) , then (i) the Indemnitees may retain separate co-counsel of their choice and otherwise participate in such contest or defense of the Third-Party Claim, which, subject to clause (ii) of this Section 7.6(d) , shall be at the Indemnitees sole cost and expense (ii) the Indemnitees shall be entitled to participate with counsel of its own choice, at such Indemnitors cost and expense, if the Indemnitees legal counsel reasonably determines that representation of both Parties by the same counsel creates an actual conflict of interest, or that such a conflict of interest is likely to arise, under applicable Law or applicable standards of professional conduct for attorneys (iii) the Indemnitees will not consent to the entry of any judgment on or enter into any settlement with respect to the Third-Party Claim without such Indemnitors prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and (iv) such Indemnitors will not consent to the entry of any judgment on or enter into any settlement with respect to the Third-Party Claim without the Indemnitees prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Indemnitees may withhold their consent if the settlement of the Third-Party Claim (1) is not entirely indemnifiable by the Indemnitor pursuant to this ARTICLE 7 (2) does not include as an unconditional term thereof a full release of the Indemnitees (3) imposes any injunctive relief or other restrictions of any kind or nature on any Indemnitee or any admission of wrongdoing by any Indemnitee or (4) is, in the Indemnitees good faith judgment, likely to establish a precedential custom or practice adverse to any Indemnitee or their businesses. 
 (e) If any condition in Section 7.6(c) is or becomes unsatisfied, then the Indemnitees shall provide prompt written notice to such Indemnitors setting forth in reasonable detail the unsatisfied condition. If such condition is curable and has not been cured by such Indemnitor within 30 days, or if such condition is not capable of being cured, then the Indemnitees may, in good faith and with the advice of legal counsel, assume the defense of and consent to the entry of any judgment on or enter into any 
 45 
 
 165530988v21 

settlement with respect to the Third-Party Claim with such Indemnitors prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). In the event the Indemnitors previously agreed in writing to indemnify the Indemnitees for the Losses associated with such Third-Party Claim, then such Indemnitors will reimburse the Indemnitees promptly and periodically for all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) of contesting, defending against and settling the Third-Party Claim. In the event that any Indemnitor elects to not assume the defense of a Third-Party Claim in accordance with Section 7.6(c) , such Indemnitor will nevertheless remain responsible for indemnifying the Indemnitees, in accordance with and subject to this ARTICLE 7 , for Losses that the Indemnitees suffer resulting from or relating to such Third-Party Claim. 
 (f) Each Indemnitor shall make available to the applicable Indemnitee any documents and materials in its possession or control that may be necessary to the defense of a Third-Party Claim. 
 (g) To the extent of any conflict between Section 5.4(b) and this Section 7.6 , the provisions of Section 5.4(b) shall control. 
 Section 7.7. Insurance Proceeds . 
 (a) The amount of an Indemnitee s indemnified Losses will be offset by the amount of any insurance proceeds actually recovered from insurers with respect to such Losses provided that the amount of any such offset will be reduced by the costs of such Indemnitee in pursuing such insurance proceeds (including any deductible) and the amount of any increase to the insurance premiums of such Indemnitee to the extent resulting from such recovery. 
 (b) If an Indemnitee receives mitigating insurance proceeds for any indemnified Losses after an indemnification payment is made in respect of such Losses, then the Indemnitee will promptly pay to the Indemnitors an amount equal to the mitigating portion of such insurance proceeds, in each case when and to the extent that such insurance proceeds are actually received, less the reasonable costs of such Indemnitee in pursuing such insurance proceeds (including any deductible) and the amount of any increase to the insurance premiums of such Indemnitee to the extent resulting from such recovery. In no event will an Indemnitee be obligated to remit to any Indemnitor any offsetting payment under this Section 7.7(b) in excess of the amount previously paid by such Indemnitor to the Indemnitee in respect of the underlying indemnified Losses. 
 (c) This Section 7.7 notwithstanding, an Indemnitee may submit and pursue indemnity claims in accordance with this ARTICLE 7 , and the Indemnitors will be obligated to indemnify an Indemnitee, before such Indemnitee has realized any available recovery from insurers. 
 Section 7.8. No Duplication . Any Loss for which indemnification is sought pursuant to this ARTICLE 7 shall be determined without duplication of recovery by reason of the same set of facts giving rise to such Loss constituting a breach of more than one representation, warranty, covenant or agreement. 
 Section 7.9. Exclusivity of Remedy . Subject to Section 2.4 and Section 8.12 , the Parties acknowledge and agree that their sole and exclusive remedy with respect to any and all claims for any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or obligation set forth herein or otherwise relating to the subject matter of this Agreement (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, any claims based on Fraud) shall be pursuant to the indemnification provisions set forth in this ARTICLE 7 . 
 46 
 
 165530988v21 

Section 7.10. Adjustments to Purchase Price . All indemnification payments under this ARTICLE 7 shall be treated as adjustments to the Purchase Price for Tax purposes, except as otherwise provided by Law. 
 ARTICLE 8 MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 8.1. Fees and Expenses . Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions, including the fees and disbursements of counsel, financial advisors and accountants, shall be paid by the Party incurring such fees or expenses provided , however , that each of Buyer and Seller shall be responsible for 50 of the filing fees with respect to the filing made pursuant to the HSR Act. 
 Section 8.2. Entire Agreement Assignment . This Agreement and the Ancillary Documents (a) constitute the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and (b) shall not be assigned by any Party (whether by operation of law or otherwise), without the prior written consent of the other Party provided , however , that (i) Buyer may assign its rights hereunder to any Affiliate so long as the assigning party remains liable for such Affiliate s obligations hereunder, to a lender for collateral purposes or to a future owner of Buyer without requiring the consent of any other Party hereto, and (ii) Seller may, without the prior written consent of any other Party, assign all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to any Affiliate, except that no such assignment shall relieve the assigning party from the performance of its obligations hereunder. Any attempted assignment of this Agreement not in accordance with the terms of this Section 8.2 shall be void. 
 Section 8.3. Amendment Waiver . This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written agreement executed and delivered by each of the Parties. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except as provided in the immediately preceding sentence and any purported amendment by any Party or Parties effected in a manner which does not comply with this Section 8.3 shall be void. No waiver by any Party of any provision of this Agreement or any default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder, whether intentional or not, shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Party making such waiver, nor shall such waiver be deemed to extend to any prior or subsequent default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any such prior or subsequent default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant. No failure on the part of any Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. 
 Section 8.4. Notices . All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given (and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt) by delivery in person, by email (to the Email address provided by the relevant Party), by overnight courier, or by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) to the other Parties as follows 
 47 
 
 165530988v21 

To Seller 
 NJR Clean Energy Ventures II Corporation 
 1415 Wyckoff Road 
 Wall Township, NJ 07719 
 Attention Bill Scharfenberg & John A. Soltesz III 
 Email WScharfenberg NJResources.com & JSoltesz NJResources.com 
 
 with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to 
 
 Greenberg Traurig, LLP 
 500 Campus Drive, Suite 400 
 Florham Park, NJ 07932 
 Attention Seth E. Zuckerman & Steven E. Bartz 
 Email zuckermans gtlaw.com & bartzs gtlaw.com 
 To Buyer 
 Spruce Power 
 2000 S. Colorado Blvd., Suite 2-825 
 Denver, CO 80222 
 Attention Jon Norling 
 Email legal sprucepower.com 
 with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to 
 Troutman Pepper Hamilton Sanders LLP 
 Two California Plaza 250 South Grand Avenue, Suite 3400 Los Angeles, CA 90071 Attention John J. Leonti, James M. Hipolit & Andrew S. Thurmond 
 Email john.leonti troutman.com james.hipolit troutman.com & 
 andrew.thurmond troutman.com 
 or to such other address as the Party to whom notice is given may have previously furnished to the others in writing in the manner set forth above. 
 Section 8.5. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New Jersey or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the law of any jurisdiction other than the State of New Jersey. 
 Section 8.6. Construction Interpretation . The term this Agreement means this Asset Purchase Agreement together with the schedules and exhibits hereto (including the Disclosure Schedules), as the same may from time to time be amended, modified, supplemented or restated in accordance with the terms hereof. The headings contained in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated to the contrary herein by the context or use thereof (a) the words, herein, hereto, hereof and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole, including the schedules and exhibits (including the Disclosure Schedules), and not to any particular section, subsection, paragraph, 
 48 
 
 165530988v21 

subparagraph or clause contained in this Agreement (b) masculine gender shall also include the feminine and neutral genders, and vice versa (c) words importing the singular shall also include the plural, and vice versa (d) the words include, includes or including shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation (e) references to or dollar or US shall be references to United States dollars and (f) the word or has the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase and or. Unless the context otherwise requires, references herein (x) to Articles, Sections, Disclosure Schedules, and Exhibits mean the Articles and Sections of, and Disclosure Schedules and Exhibits attached to, this Agreement (y) to an agreement, instrument, or other document means such agreement, instrument, or other document as amended, supplemented, and modified from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof and (z) to a statute means such statute as amended from time to time and includes any successor legislation thereto and any regulations promulgated thereunder. When calculating the period of time before which, within which, or following which any act is to be done or step taken pursuant to this Agreement, the date that is the reference date in calculating such period shall be excluded. If the last day of such period is a non-Business Day, the period in question shall end on the next succeeding Business Day. The Exhibits and Schedules (including the Disclosure Schedules) to this Agreement are hereby incorporated and made a part hereof and are an integral part of this Agreement. Matters reflected in the Disclosure Schedules are not necessarily limited to matters required by this Agreement to be reflected in this Disclosure Schedules and such disclosure does not imply that such information is material (or establish or set any standard of materiality) or that such information is responsive to the representations or warranties, and no such information will otherwise broaden the scope of any representation, warranty, or covenant of any Party contained in this Agreement. Any matter set forth in any section of the Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed to be referred to and incorporated in any other section of the Disclosure Schedules to which it is specifically referenced or cross-referenced, and also in all other sections of the Disclosure Schedules to which such matter s application or relevance is reasonably apparent on its face from the text of the disclosure in the Disclosure Schedules. All references in the Disclosure Schedules to the enforceability of agreements with third parties, the existence or non-existence of third-party rights, the existence or absence of breaches or defaults by third parties or similar matters or statements are intended only to allocate rights and risks between Buyer and Seller and are not intended to be admissions against interests, give rise to any inference or proof of accuracy, be admissible against any Party to this Agreement by any Person who is not a party to this Agreement or give rise to any claim or benefit to any Person who is not a party to this Agreement. In addition, the disclosure of any matter in the Disclosure Schedules is not to be deemed an admission that such matter actually constitutes non-compliance with or a violation of any Law, Permit or Contract or other topic to which such disclosure is applicable. Any capitalized terms used in any Schedule (including the Disclosure Schedules) or Exhibit to this Agreement but not otherwise defined therein shall be defined as set forth in this Agreement. The Parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement and, in the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as jointly drafted by the Parties hereto, no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement, and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed according to their fair meaning and not strictly for or against any Party. 
 Section 8.7. Parties in Interest . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each Party and such Party s heirs, executors, personal representatives, trustees, beneficiaries, successors and permitted assigns and, except as provided in ARTICLE 7 , nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any rights, benefits or remedies of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 Section 8.8. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under present or future Laws effective during the term hereof, such provision shall be fully 
 49 
 
 165530988v21 

severable and this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision never comprised a part hereof and the remaining provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected by the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision or by its severance herefrom. Furthermore, in lieu of such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision, there shall be added automatically as part of this Agreement, a provision as similar in its terms to such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be legal, valid and enforceable. 
 Section 8.9. Counterparts Electronic Transmission . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by email or other means of Electronic Transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signature of this Agreement. 
 Section 8.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION, OR CAUSE OF ACTION (I) ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR (II) IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES IN RESPECT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO, IN EACH CASE, WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, EQUITY, OR OTHERWISE. EACH PARTY HEREBY FURTHER AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION, OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY AND THAT THE PARTIES MAY FILE A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE PARTIES TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 
 Section 8.11. Jurisdiction and Venue . Each of the Parties (a) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Superior Court of the State of New Jersey and any federal court located in the State of New Jersey, or, if neither of such courts has jurisdiction, any state court of the State of New Jersey having jurisdiction, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, (b) agrees that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in any such court and (c) agrees not to bring any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any other court. Each of the Parties waives any defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any action or proceeding so brought and waives any bond, surety or other security that might be required of any other Party with respect thereto. Each Party agrees that service of summons and complaint or any other process that might be served in any action or proceeding may be made on such Party by sending or delivering a copy of the process to the Party to be served at the address of the Party and in the manner provided for the giving of notices in Section 8.4 . Nothing in this Section 8.11 , however, shall affect the right of any Party to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by Law. Each Party agrees that a final, non-appealable judgment in any action or proceeding so brought shall be conclusive and may be enforced by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law. 
 Section 8.12. Specific Performance Remedies . The Parties agree that irreparable damage for which monetary damages or other legal remedies would not be an adequate remedy would occur in the event that the Parties do not perform their respective obligations under the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with their specific terms or otherwise breach such provisions. Accordingly, the Parties acknowledge and hereby agree that in the event of any breach or threatened breach by any Party of its covenants or obligations set forth in this Agreement, the other Parties will be entitled to seek an injunction or injunctions to prevent or restrain breaches or threatened breaches of this Agreement by such Party, and 
 50 
 
 165530988v21 

to seek to specifically enforce the terms and provisions of this Agreement to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of, or to enforce compliance with, the covenants and obligations of such Party under this Agreement, in addition to any other remedy to which the other Parties are entitled at Law or in equity. Subject to the limitations set forth in this Section 8.12 , each Party hereby agrees not to raise any objections to the availability of the ability to seek the equitable remedy of specific performance or injunctive relief to prevent or restrain breaches or threatened breaches of this Agreement by such Party. Each Party hereby waives (a) any defenses in any Proceeding for specific performance, including the defense that a remedy at Law would be adequate, and (b) any requirement under any Law to post a bond or other security as a prerequisite to obtaining equitable relief. In the event that a Party prevails in any Proceeding commenced to enforce the terms of this Section 8.12 , all fees, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees and court costs, incurred by such Party in such Proceeding will be reimbursed by the Party for whom enforcement was sought. 
 Section 8.13. Waiver of Conflicts . Recognizing that Greenberg Traurig, LLP has acted as legal counsel to Seller and its Affiliates prior to the Closing, and that Greenberg Traurig, LLP may act as legal counsel to Seller and its Affiliates after the Closing, Buyer hereby waives, on its own behalf and on behalf of its Affiliates (and agrees to cause its Affiliates to waive), any conflicts that may arise in connection with Greenberg Traurig, LLP representing Seller and its Affiliates after the Closing as such representation may relate to the Transactions. In addition, all communications involving attorney-client confidences between Seller or any of its Affiliates and Greenberg Traurig, LLP in the course of the negotiation, documentation and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to be attorney-client confidences that belong solely to Seller and its Affiliates and shall not be Books and Records. Accordingly, Buyer shall not have access to any such communications, or to the files of Greenberg Traurig, LLP relating to such engagement, whether or not the Closing shall have occurred. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, upon and after the Closing, (a) Seller and its Affiliates shall be the sole holders of the attorney-client privilege with respect to such engagement and (b) to the extent that files of Greenberg Traurig, LLP in respect of such engagement constitute property of the client, only Seller and its Affiliates shall hold such property rights. 
 Section 8.14. Time of Essence . With regard to all dates and time periods set forth or referred to in this Agreement, time is of the essence. 
 Section 8.15. No Successor Liability . It is expressly understood that the Parties intend that Buyer shall not be considered a successor to Seller or any Affiliate of Seller by reason of any theory of Law or equity, and that Buyer shall have no liability for any liability of Seller or any Affiliate of Seller except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. 
 
 51 
 
 165530988v21 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned have caused this Asset Purchase Agreement to be duly executed on its behalf as of the Closing Date. 
 SELLER 
 NJR CLEAN ENERGY VENTURES II CORPORATION 
 By s Robert Pohlman 
 Name Robert Pohlman 
 Title Vice President 
 BUYER 
 SPRUCE POWER 5, LLC 
 By s Joel Pettit 
 Name Joel Pettit 
 Title Vice President, Corporate Development 
 
 Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement 
 
 165530988v21 

Schedule I 
 Disclosure Schedules 

Schedule I 
 
 165530988v21 

Exhibit A 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement 
 (See attached.) 
 
 Exhibit A 
 
 165530988v21 

Exhibit B 
 Bill of Sale 
 (See attached.) 
 
 Exhibit B 
 
 165530988v21 

Exhibit C 
 Limited Guaranty 
 (See attached.) 
 
 Exhibit C 
 
 165530988v21 

Exhibit D 
 Project Leaseback Agreement 
 (See attached.) 

Exhibit D 
 
 165530988v21 

Exhibit E 
 Solar Renewable Energy Certificates Agreement 
 (See attached.) 
 
 Exhibit E 
 
 165530988v21 

Exhibit F 
 Transition Services Agreement 
 (See attached.) 
 
 Exhibit F 
 
 165530988v21 

Exhibit G 
 Maintenance Services Agreement 
 (See attached.) 

Exhibit G 
 
 165530988v21 

</EX-10.45>

<EX-19.1>
 4
 njrex191sep2024.htm
 EX-19.1 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

Document 
 Exhibit 19.1 

 NEW JERSEY RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 POLICY REGARDING THE PURCHASE AND SALE OF NEW JERSEY RESOURCES CORPORATION SECURITIES 
 Revision Date May 10, 2017 
 In order to assure that directors, officers and employees of NJR and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Company do not violate legal prohibitions on insider trading of NJR securities, this policy has been established. 
 In accordance with the following requirements, it is the policy of the Company that no director, officer or employee should unlawfully use or profit from non-public information about the Company. 
 A. General Requirements 
 1. Federal and state securities laws generally impose upon insiders corporate officers, directors and employees and other fiduciaries possessing material non-public information a disclose or abstain rule. This means that the insider must abstain from trading in the Company s securities unless the information has been publicly disclosed and sufficient time has elapsed for the information to be absorbed by the investing public. 
 Since insiders are not generally in a position to act on their own to disclose material non-public information without violating their fiduciary duty of confidentiality to the Company and causing the Company substantial harm, the disclose or abstain rule should be regarded as imposing an obligation not to trade in Company securities at any time when one is in possession of material non-public information. 
 2. Material non-public information is generally considered to be information, positive or negative, not available to the general public that would be expected to affect the decision of a reasonable investor contemplating whether to purchase, sell or hold Company securities. Information is also material if it could reasonably be expected to have a substantial effect on the market price of the Company s securities. Information may be material for this purpose even if it would not alone determine the investor s decision. Whether particular information is material at a particular time may involve complex factual and legal analysis, and an. individual should consider as material any information that would be important enough to affect a decision to buy or sell Company securities. 
 Examples of non-public information which is normally considered to be material includes information related to stock splits and other actions relating to capital structure, possible acquisitions, business combinations or asset sales, major management changes, dividend rate changes, the proposed issue or repurchase of Company securities, information concerning earnings or similar financial information, new major contracts and the commencement of or significant developments in litigation or ratemaking proceedings, as well as other important corporate developments. Such information continues to be non-public information until disclosed to the general public. 

3. Any director, officer or employee who is in possession of material non-public information is an insider. This includes not only directors and officers, but also non-management employees and persons outside the Company, such as spouses, friends, brokers, etc., who may have acquired the inside information directly or through tips. 
 4. In order to assure that directors, officers, employees and other insiders do not violate the legal prohibition on insider trading, the following procedures have been established. These procedures should not, however, be viewed as exhaustive, and anyone who is uncertain as to whether a proposed transaction in Company securities would violate these insider trading procedures should consult with the General Counsel before engaging in it. All directors, officers and all others who have regular contact with the Board of Directors of the Company should consult with the General Counsel before engaging in any transactions in Company securities. 
 B. Specific Requirements 
 1. Directors, officers and employees shall maintain as confidential and shall not disclose material non-public information to any third party (including members of their families), except as part of an official Company disclosure such as a news release or a required filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission or other federal or state governmental agency. 
 2. In order to ensure adequate dissemination of financial information to the general public prior to trading, directors, officers, members of the Reporting Committee (the RC and other insiders, in addition to being subject to all of the other limitations in this policy, may only engage in transactions in Company securities during the period commencing on the third business day after public release of annual or quarterly financial information of NJR and ending on the fifth business day before the end of the fiscal quarter (the Trading Window ). The General Counsel may also require persons in addition to directors, officers and the RC to comply with the restrictions of this paragraph and may determine that no transactions shall take place during all of or a part of the Trading Window. Affected persons shall be notified of any such requirement or determination by the General Counsel. 
 3. Insiders shall not engage in transactions of NJR securities while in possession of material non-public information. If, at any time during the open Trading Window, a director, officer, member of the RC or other employee of the Company becomes aware of material non-public information, he or she shall immediately notify the General Counsel and further shall refrain from engaging in transaction in Company securities. Such persons may resume transactions in Company securities 48 business hours after the inside information has been publicly disclosed unless they are otherwise prohibited from doing so under this Policy. 
 4. This Policy shall not prohibit directors, officers or members of the RC (or others who may be subject to restrictions under this Policy) from engaging in the following transactions outside of the Trading Window Permissible Transactions 
 Transactions made under a trading plan adopted pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 10b-5(-1)(c) (17 C.F.R. 240.10b5-1(c)) and approved in advance and in writing by the Company s Legal Department 10b5-1 Plan ). 
 Granting Bona fide gifts of Company stock. 

Exercising options and holding all the shares, (i.e., other than a cashless exercise or any other market sale for the purpose of generating cash needed to pay the exercise price of an option). 
 Acquiring shares of Company stock through the dividend reinvestment features of the Company s Automatic Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP), including purchases of shares resulting from a periodic contribution of money to the DRP pursuant to the election made at the time of enrollment in the DRP (voluntary purchases of Company stock resulting from optional cash payments to the DRP and new elections to participate in the plan or increase the amount of cash contributed by payroll deduction to the DRP are not Permissible Transactions). 
 Acquiring shares of Company stock through other similar non-discretionary, regular investment programs of the Company such as the Directors Deferral Plan or Executive Compensation Deferral Plan. 
 Acquiring shares through the Employees Retirement Savings Plan 401(k) Plan as a result of periodic contributions to the 401k Plan pursuant to a payroll deduction election. However, the following are not permissible transactions when the Trading Window is closed Elections made under the 401(k) Plan to (a) increase or decrease the percentage of periodic contributions that will be allocated to the Company stock fund, (b) make an intra-plan transfer of an existing account balance into or out of the Company stock fund, (c) to borrow money against a 401(k) Plan account if the loan will result in a liquidation of some or all of the Company stock fund balance or (d) to pre-pay a plan loan if the prepayment will result in allocation of loan proceeds to the Company stock fund. 
 A director, officer or employee who has entered into a 10b5-1 Plan must report to the General Counsel (i) all transactions made pursuant to the 10b5-1 Plan and (ii) the completion or termination of the 10b5-1 Plan. 
 5. No director, officer or member of or subject matter expert to the Benefits Administration Committee of the Company may engage in transactions in any Company securities during any period when all employees are prohibited from engaging in transactions in the 401(k) Plan. Each person subject to this prohibition will be advised in writing prior to the start of any prohibited period. 
 6. Any questions concerning the interpretation of the foregoing rules, including whether particular information is material or has been publicly disclosed, should be referred to the General Counsel prior to engaging in a transaction in Company securities. 
 C. Hedging and Other Prohibited Insider Transactions 
 Directors, officers and employees of NJR and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in short-term and other speculative transactions in NJR s securities. Specifically, directors, officers and other employees shall not engage in any of the following transactions 1 
 
 1 The list of prohibited transactions below is illustrative only and does not include every kind of short-term or other speculative transaction that violates this policy. 

1. Short Sales . Short sales of NJR securities demonstrate an expectation on the part of the seller that the securities will decline in value and therefore signal to the market that the seller has no confidence in the Company or its short-term prospects. In addition, short sales may reduce the seller s incentive to improve the Company s performance. For these reasons, short sales of NJR securities are prohibited. In addition, Section 16(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 prohibits officers and directors from engaging in short sales involving their company s stock. 
 2. Publicly Traded Options . Publicly traded options generally are instruments in the form of options (puts, calls, etc.) used for hedging and similar transactions that are publicly traded, and do not include the options to buy NJR stock issued by NJR to its directors, officers and employees. A transaction in publicly traded options is, in effect, a bet on the short-term movement of a company s stock and therefore creates the appearance that the director or employee is trading based on inside information. Transactions in these options also may focus the director s, officer s or employee s attention on short-term performance at the expense of the Company s long-term objectives. Accordingly, transactions in puts, calls or other derivative securities involving NJR securities, on an exchange or in any other organized market, are prohibited. 
 3. Hedging Transactions . Certain forms of hedging or monetization transactions (such as zero-cost collars, forward-sale contracts, equity swaps and exchange funds) allow a holder to lock in much of the value of his or her stock holdings, often in exchange for all or part of the potential for upside appreciation in the stock. These transactions allow the director, officer or employee to continue to own the covered securities, but without the full risks and rewards of ownership. When that occurs, the director, officer or employee may no longer have the same objectives as NJR s other stockholders. For these reasons, hedging or monetization transactions involving NJR securities are prohibited. 
 4. Margin Accounts . Securities held in a margin account may be sold by the broker without the customer s consent if the customer fails to meet a margin call. Because a margin sale may occur at a time when the customer is aware of material, non-public information or otherwise is not permitted to trade in NJR securities (based on Section 16 of the Exchange Act that prohibits short-swing trading by insiders or otherwise), directors, officers and other employees are prohibited from holding NJR securities in a margin account. 
 D. Pledges 
 Directors, officers and certain employees, as designated by the General Counsel, are prohibited from pledging Company securities. If an employee (other than an officer) is prohibited from pledging NJR securities, the General Counsel shall inform the employee accordingly. 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 njrex211sep2024.htm
 EX-21.1 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

Document 

NEW JERSEY RESOURCES CORPORATION 
 
 EXHIBIT 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 SUBSIDIARY STATE OF INCORPORATION New Jersey Natural Gas Company New Jersey NJR Service Corporation New Jersey NJR Clean Energy Ventures Corporation New Jersey Subsidiary NJR Energy Services Company, LLC New Jersey NJR Clean Energy Ventures II Corporation New Jersey Subsidiaries Bernards Solar, LLC (Limited Liability Company) New Jersey NJR Clean Energy Ventures III Corporation New Jersey Subsidiaries AR Solar, LLC (Limited Liability Company) New York Canal Road Solar Partners, LLC (Limited Liability Company) Delaware Canoe Brook Solar Partners, LLC (Limited Liability Company) Delaware CleanLight Energy, LLC (Limited Liability Company) Delaware CP East Hampton Solar I, LLC (Limited Liability Company) Connecticut CP East Hampton Solar II, LLC (Limited Liability Company) Connecticut Greenville Road Solar, LLC (Limited Liability Company) Rhode Island Howard Lane Solar, LLC (Limited Liability Company) Rhode Island Kokomo Solar 1, LLC (Limited Liability Company) Delaware LSE Hercules, LLC (Limited Liability Company) Connecticut LSE Pyxis, LLC (Limited Liability Company) Connecticut Maybrook Solar, LLC (Limited Liability Company) New York NHV Solar, LLC (Limited Liability Company) New Jersey NJ Oak Solar, LLC (Limited Liability Company) Delaware Spartan PV 1, LLC (Limited Liability Company) Delaware NJR Energy Investments Corporation New Jersey Subsidiary NJR Midstream Holdings Corporation New Jersey Subsidiaries NJR Midstream Company (formerly NJR Pipeline Company) New Jersey Subsidiaries Adelphia Gateway, LLC (Limited Liability Company) Delaware Leaf River Energy Center LLC (Limited Liability Company) Delaware Subsidiary LR Finance LLC (Limited Liability Company) Delaware NJR Storage Holdings Company Delaware Subsidiary NJR Steckman Ridge Storage Company Delaware NJR Retail Holdings Corporation New Jersey Subsidiaries Commercial Realty and Resources Corp New Jersey Phoenix Fuel Management Company New Jersey NJR Home Services Company New Jersey Subsidiary NJR Plumbing Services, Inc New Jersey NJR Retail Company New Jersey 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 njrex231sep2024.htm
 EX-23.1 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-268606 and 333-282327 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-164572 and 333-215728 on Form S-8 of our reports dated November 26, 2024, relating to the consolidated financial statements of New Jersey Resources Corporation and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of New Jersey Resources Corporation and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024. 

s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Morristown, New Jersey 
 
 November 26, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 njrex311sep2024.htm
 EX-31.1 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Stephen D. Westhoven, certify that 
 
 1) I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4) The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5) The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 26, 2024 By s Stephen D. Westhoven Stephen D. Westhoven President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 njrex312sep2024.htm
 EX-31.2 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Roberto F. Bel, certify that 
 
 1) I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of New Jersey Resources Corporation 
 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4) The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5) The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 26, 2024 By s Roberto F. Bel Roberto F. Bel Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 njrex321sep2024.htm
 EX-32.1 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 The undersigned, Stephen D. Westhoven hereby certifies as follows 
 (a) I am the Chief Executive Officer of New Jersey Resources Corporation (the Company 
 (b) To the best of my knowledge, this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (c) To the best of my knowledge, based upon a review of this report, the information contained in this periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 26, 2024 By s Stephen D. Westhoven Stephen D. Westhoven President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 njrex322sep2024.htm
 EX-32.2 SEPTEMBER 30, 2024

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 The undersigned, Roberto F. Bel hereby certifies as follows 
 (a) I am the Chief Financial Officer of New Jersey Resources Corporation (the Company 
 (b) To the best of my knowledge, this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (c) To the best of my knowledge, based upon a review of this report, the information contained in this periodic report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 26, 2024 By s Roberto F. Bel Roberto F. Bel Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 njr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 njr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 njr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 njr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 njr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

