<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241021_10-K_edgar_data_1468639_0001493152-24-041809.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5183084</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>250670</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1130682</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1374770</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1096705</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1222098</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-041809.hdr.sgml : 20241021
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241021172015
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-041809
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241021
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241021

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vicapsys Life Sciences, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001468639
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				621153426
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56145
		FILM NUMBER:		241384207

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1735 BUFORD HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		STE. 215-113
		CITY:			CUMMING
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30041
		BUSINESS PHONE:		470-514-4013

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1735 BUFORD HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		STE. 215-113
		CITY:			CUMMING
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30041

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vicapsys Life Sciences, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SSGI, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090717

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-041809.txt : 20241021

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

2834 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 
 (Primary
 Standard Industrial 
 Classification
 Number) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

,

(Address
of registrant s principal executive offices) (Zip code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.001 par value 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the issuer (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or has for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 USC. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to
the price at which the common equity was last sold as of June 30, 2024, the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter 0.25) was . 

The
number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value per share, as of September 24, 2024, was 
shares. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference 

Table
of Contents 

Page 

PART
 I 

Item
 1 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 26 
 
 Item
 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 
 Item
 2 
 Properties 
 26 
 
 Item
 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 2 6 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 

PART
 II 

Item
 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 
 Item
 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 29 
 
 Item
 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 
 Item
 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 
 
 Item
 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 36 
 
 Item
 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 36 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 
 Item
 9B 
 Other Information 
 38 
 
 Item
 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 38 

PART
 III 

Item
 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 38 
 
 Item
 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 42 
 
 Item
 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 44 
 
 Item
 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 45 
 
 Item
 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 47 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 48 
 
 Item
 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 48 

Signatures 
 49 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. The Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC encourages
companies to disclose forward-looking information so that investors can better understand a company s future prospects and make
informed investment decisions. This annual report on Form 10-K and other written and oral statements that we make from time to time contain
such forward-looking statements that set out anticipated results based on management s plans and assumptions regarding future events
or performance. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as project , believe ,
 anticipate , plan , expect , estimate , intend , should ,
 would , could , or may , or other such words, verbs in the future tense and words and phrases
that convey similar meaning and uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward looking statements. There are
a number of important factors beyond our control that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated by
these forward looking statements. While we make these forward looking statements based on various factors and using numerous
assumptions, there is no assurance the factors and assumptions will prove to be materially accurate when the events they anticipate actually
occur in the future. Factors that could cause our actual results of operations and financial condition to differ materially are discussed
in greater detail under Item 1A, Risk Factors of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

The
forward looking statements are based upon our beliefs and assumptions using information available at the time we make these statements.
We caution you not to place undue reliance on our forward looking statements as (i) these statements are neither predictions nor
guaranties of future events or circumstances, and (ii) the assumptions, beliefs, expectations, forecasts and projections about future
events may differ materially from actual results. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward looking statement to
reflect developments occurring after the date of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

ORGANIZATION 

Vicapsys
Life Sciences, Inc. VLS or the Company was incorporated in the State of Florida on July 8, 1997 under the
name All Product Distribution Corp. On August 19, 1998, the Company changed its name to Phage Therapeutics International, Inc. On November
13, 2007, the Company changed its name to SSGI, Inc. On September 13, 2017, the Company changed its name to Vicapsys Life Sciences, Inc.,
effected a 1-for-100 reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock, increased the Company s authorized capital stock to 300,000,000
shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, and 20,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock, par value 0.001
per share. On December 22, 2017, pursuant to a Share Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement by and among VLS, Michael
W. Yurkowsky, ViCapsys, Inc. VI and the shareholders of VI, VI became a wholly owned subsidiary of VLS. We refer to VLS
and VI together as the Company . VLS serves as the holding company for VI. Other than its interest in VI, VLS does not have
any material assets or operations. 

The
Company s strategy is to develop and commercialize, on a worldwide basis, various intellectual property rights (patents, patent
applications, know how, etc.) relating to a series of encapsulated product candidates that incorporate proprietary derivatives of the
chemokine CXCL12 for creating a zone of immunoprotection around cells, tissues, organs and devices for therapeutic purposes. The product
name VICAPSYN is the Company s line of proprietary product candidates that is applied to transplantation therapies and related
stem-cell applications in the transplantation field. The lead product candidate embodiment in transplantation therapy to treat Type 1
Diabetes T1D is an encapsulated human islet cell cluster that is intended to restore normal glucose control when implanted
into the peritoneal cavity of a patient. During the research and development process in transplantation, the Company and its related
academic researchers had a novel and unexpected finding. The transplanted islet clusters were absolutely free of any signs of fibrotic
encapsulation. This anti-fibrotic effect was reconfirmed in additional research studies and the Company has now moved into the development
of another product candidate line based on CXCL12 with the trade name of VYBRIN . The clinical applications of VYBRIN are
being explored in several areas including (1) prevention of post-surgical adhesions in abdominal surgery, (2) coating of implantable
medical devices and other implants to eliminate fibrosis and (3) wound healing with a focus on diabetic ulcers. 

MGH
License Agreement 

On
May 8, 2013, VI and MGH, a principal stockholder (see Note 7), entered into the License Agreement, pursuant to which MGH granted to the
Company, in the field of coating and transplanting cells, tissues and devices for therapeutic purposes, on a worldwide basis: (i) an
exclusive, royalty-bearing license under its rights in Patent Rights (as defined in the License Agreement) to make, use, sell, lease,
import and transfer Products and Processes (each as defined in the License Agreement); (ii) a non-exclusive, sub-licensable (solely in
the License Field and License Territory (each as defined in the License Agreement)) royalty-bearing license to Materials (as defined
in the License Agreement) and to make, have made, use, have used, Materials for only the purpose of creating Products, the transfer of
Products and to use, have used and transfer processes; (iii) the right to grant sublicenses subject to and in accordance with the terms
of the License Agreement, and (iv) the nonexclusive right to use technological information (as defined in the License Agreement) disclosed
by MGH to the Company under the License Agreement, all subject to and in accordance with the License Agreement (the License ). 

4 

As
amended by the Eighth Amendment to the License Agreement on March 14, 2022 Effective Date ), which replaces the prior pre-sales
due diligence requirements in their entirety, the License Agreement requires that the Company satisfy the following requirements prior
to the first sale of Products MGH License Milestones ), by certain dates. 

Pre-Sales
Diligence Requirement: 

(x) 
 The
 Company shall provide a detailed business plan and development plan by June 1 st , 2022. As of the date of this filing the
 Company has yet to submit the business and development plan and is negotiating the extension of this requirement with MGH. 

(xi) 
 The
 Company shall raise 2 million in financing by December 1 st , 2022. As of the date of this filing the Company has yet to
 raise 2 million and is negotiating the extension of this requirement with MGH. 

(xii) 
 The
 Company shall raise an additional 8 million in financing by December 1 st , 2023. As of the date of this filing the Company
 has yet to raise 8 million and is negotiating the extension of this requirement with MGH. 

(xiii) 
 The
 Company shall initiate research regarding the role of CXCL12 in beta cell function and differentiation by January 1 st ,
 2023. 

(xiv) 
 The
 Company shall initiate diabetic non-human primate studies using cadaveric islets encapsulated in the CXCL12 technology by March 1 st ,
 2023. 

(xv) 
 The
 Company shall initiate research regarding other applications of the CXCL12 platform by June 1 st , 2023. 

(xvi) 
 The
 Company shall initiate a Phase I clinical trial of a Product or Process by March 1 st , 2024. 

(xvii) 
 The
 Company shall initiate a Phase II clinical trial of a Product or Process within thirteen (13) years from Effective Date. 

(xviii) 
 The
 Company shall initiate Phase III clinical trial of a Product or Process within sixteen (16) years from Effective Date. 

Additionally,
as amended by the Eighth Amendment to the License Agreement on March 14, 2022, which replaces the prior post-sales due diligence requirements
in their entirety, the License Agreement requires that the Company satisfy the following requirements post-sales of Products MGH
License Milestones ), by certain dates. 

Post-Sales
Diligence Requirements: 

(i) 
 The
 Company shall itself or through an Affiliate or Sublicensee make a First Commercial Sale within the following countries and regions
 in the License Territory within eighteen (18) years after the Effective Date of this Agreement: US and Europe and China or Japan.

(ii)
 
 Following
 the First Commercial Sale in any country in the License Territory, Company shall itself or through its Affiliates and/or Sublicensees
 use commercially reasonable efforts to continue to make Sales in such country without any elapsed time period of one (1) year or
 more in which such Sales do not occur due to lack such efforts by Company. 

In
consideration of the update to the diligence milestones, the Company shall pay the following Annual Minimum Royalty payments: 

(i) 
 Prior
 to the First Commercial Sale, the Company shall pay to MGH a non-refundable annual license fee of ten thousand dollars 10,000)
 by June 30, 2022, and on each subsequent anniversary of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date thereafter. The non-refundable annual
 license fee was paid on July 1, 2022. 

(ii)
 
 Following
 the First Commercial Sale, Company shall pay MGH a non-refundable annual minimum royalty in the amount of one hundred thousand dollars
 United States Dollars 100,000) per year within sixty (60) days after each annual anniversary of the Effective Date. The annual
 minimum royalty shall be credited against royalties subsequently due on Net Sales made during the same calendar year, if any, but
 shall not be credited against royalties due on Net Sales made in any other year. 

5 

The
License Agreement also requires VI to pay to MGH a 1 royalty rate on net sales related to the first license sub-field, which is the
treatment of Type 1 Diabetes T1D ). Future sub-fields shall carry a reasonable royalty rate, consistent with industry standards,
to be negotiated at the time the first such royalty payment shall become due with respect to the applicable Products and Processes (as
defined in the License Agreement). 

The
License Agreement additionally requires VI to pay to MGH a 1.0 million success payment within 60 days after the first
achievement of total net sales of Product or Process equal to or to exceed 100,000,000 in any calendar year and 4,000,000 within 60
days after the first achievement of total net sales of Product or Process equal or exceed 250,000,000 in any calendar year. The Company
is also required to reimburse MGH s expenses in connection with the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of all Patent
Rights. 

The
License Agreement expires on the later of (i) the date on which all issued patents and filed patent applications within the Patent Rights
have expired (November 2033) or have been abandoned, and (ii) one year after the last sale for which a royalty is due under the License
Agreement. 

The
License Agreement also grants MGH the right to terminate the License Agreement if VI fails to make any payment due under the License
Agreement or defaults in the performance of any of its other obligations under the License Agreement, subject to certain notice and rights
to cure set forth therein. MGH may also terminate the License Agreement immediately upon written notice to VI if VI: (i) shall make an
assignment for the benefit of creditors; or (ii) or shall have a petition in bankruptcy filed for or against it that is not dismissed
within 60 days of filing. As of the date of this filing, this License Agreement remains active and the Company has not received any termination
notice from MGH. 

VI
may terminate the License Agreement prior to its expiration by giving 90 days advance written notice to MGH, and upon such termination
shall, subject to the terms of the License Agreement, immediately cease all use and sales of Products and Processes. 

As
of the date hereof, there have not been any sales of product or process under this License Agreement. 

Manufacturing 

We
intend to contract primarily with small and medium-sized manufacturers that are subject to FDA compliance and approval standards. These
manufacturers are highly innovative and cost effective because of their streamlined sales infrastructures. All of our manufacturing partners
will be qualified to manufacture under the FDA s Quality System Regulations/ISO 13485 standards. The Company intends to retain
in-house the quality assurance function so that we can approve all products prior to their release to market. We also intend to utilize
high quality software in an effort to assure that our products remain compliant throughout all operations. The Company believes that
there are no significant issues with availability of needed materials that would prevent us from meeting the projected market demand
for our initial products in a timely manner. Packaging design and manufacturing will be outsourced to one or more experienced medical
device packaging companies. The Company believes that this will allow for accelerated time to market and optimizing the shelf life of
those products that are pre-packaged sterile. 

Our
Market 

We
intend to develop therapeutic products for treatment of T1D. A 2020 report from Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (the CDC shows a nearly 30 increase in T1D diagnoses in the United States, with youth cases growing most sharply among diverse populations. The
CDC s 2020 National Diabetes Statistics Report cites that in the United States, T1D diagnoses included 1.4 million adults, 20 years
and older, and 187,000 children younger than 20. 

That
totals nearly 1.6 million Americans with T1D up from 1.25 million people or nearly 30 from 2017. 

A
separate CDC report, focused on T1D in youth, showed that T1D is growing most sharply in African American and Hispanic youth populations.
As the reason is unknown, the CDC is advocating for continued surveillance of T1D in today s youth populations. 

6 

According
to the report, between 2002 and 2015: 

T1D
 cases among African American children increased by 20 with 20.8 children diagnosed per 100,000 

T1D
 cases among Hispanic children increased nearly 20 with 16.3 per 100,000 

T1D
 cases among Asian / Pacific Island children increased 19 with 9.4 per 100,000 

White
 children are the slowest growing demographic with a 14 increase, yet remain the most impacted group with 27.3 T1D cases per 100,000 

The
report also showed that diagnoses occurred most frequently between the ages of 5 and 14. 

33.5 
 were ages 10-14 

27 
 were 5-9 

The
latest CDC data further demonstrates that despite all the progress in managing the disease, our community s needs are growing and
the need to respond is even more urgent today. 

Competition 

We
are engaged in rapidly evolving industries. Competition from other pharmaceutical companies and from other research and academic institutions
is intense and expected to increase. Many of these companies have substantially greater financial and other resources and development
capabilities than we do, have substantially greater experience in undertaking pre-clinical and clinical testing of products, and are
commonly regarded in the pharmaceutical industries as very aggressive competitors. In addition to competing with universities and other
research institutions in the development of products, technologies and processes, we compete with other companies in acquiring rights
to products or technologies from universities. There can be no assurance that we can develop products that are more effective or achieve
greater market acceptance than competitive products, that we can convince physicians, hospitals and patients of the benefits of our technology,
or that our competitors will not succeed in developing products and technologies that are more effective than those being developed by
us and that would therefore render our products and technologies less competitive or even obsolete . 

Several
companies are developing therapies to treat T1D. The companies listed below are select competitors that are specifically developing competitively
or potentially competitive transplant technologies for treatment of T1D. 

ViaCyte
 Inc. develops human embryonic stem cells that differentiate into pancreatic progenitor cells. We believe they are one of our most
 significant and advanced competitors, as they announced on August 1, 2017 that the first patients have been implanted with the PEC-Direct 
 product candidate, an islet cell replacement therapy in development as a functional cure for patients with T1D who are at high risk
 for acute life-threatening complications. ViaCyte has established a collaboration with W.L. Gore Associates, the makers of
 Goretex to created devices for implantation and protection of transplanted islets. ViacCte is currently recruiting for a Phase 1/II
 clinical trial (NCT03163511). 

Sernova
 Corp. is a microcap company trading on the Toronto, Canada exchange that has developed a macro-cell pouch system for encapsulating
 cadaveric (allo-) islets that is currently in a Phase 1/II clinical trial. In July 2019, Sernova reported interim analysis demonstrating
 the cell pouch transplanted with islet cells showed initial safety as well as key efficacy measures. 

Beta
 O2 Technologies Ltd. (Rosh-Haayin, Israel). A biomedical company developing an implantable device, the BetaAir, to encapsulate islet
 cells for the treatment of T1D. They are in the process of changing from a device that requires external infusion of oxygen into
 their encapsulation device containing islet cells. Last public information was in 2015. The current status of Beta O2 Technologies
 Ltd. is unclear. 

DefyMed
 (Strasbourg, France): Defymed was founded in 2011 to develop implantable bio-artificial medical devices for diverse therapeutic applications,
 with a first focus on T1D. The diabetes product, named MAILPAN (Macro- encapsulation of PANcreatic Islets), is a result of work
 done by the Centre European d etude du Diabete (CeeD), STATICE and the Centre de Transfert de Technologies du Mans (CTTM). 
 
 The
 Mailpan system which is still in preclinical development uses non-biodegradable, biocompatible membranes for selective diffusion
 of insulin and glucose while protecting implanted stem-cell derived beta cells. 

7 

Sigilon
 Therapeutics is a discovery-based platform combines cell engineering and its proprietary Afibromer technology, a new class
 of implantable biomaterials that do not trigger fibrosis. The company will develop products that emerge from its discovery platform
 to treat serious hematologic, enzyme deficiency and endocrine disorders including T1D. Sigilon partnered with Lilly on the
 T1D indication in April 2018 but no recent information is available on the status of the partnership. 

Novo
 Nordisk has a stem cell line that differentiates into beta cells and one of the largest diabetes franchises in the world. In collaboration
 with Cornell researchers they have developed a hydrogel-based nanofiber encapsulation device with macroscopic dimensions. Currently
 appears to be in pre-clinical development. 

Sanofi
 and Evotec formed a partnership to jointly develop a beta cell replacement therapy for the treatment of diabetes in a deal that could
 reach more than 300 million Euros in potential milestone payments. Evotec achieved a milestone in 2018 for a manufacturing process
 for generation of iPSC-derived beta cells including scale-up. Collaboration is still in the pre-clinical phase. 

Several
companies have developed and are continuing to develop products and treatments to treat scar formation and/or internal adhesions resulting
from the fibrosis process, which may compete with the products and treatments that we develop. 

The
following selected companies are developing products to treat scar formation and/or internal adhesions: 

Baxter
 Healthcare has been marketing Adept , a liquid solution for adhesion reduction, for gynecologic laparoscopic adhesiolysis indications
 since 2006. Baxter s Adept solution has been extensively studied and its ability to prevent adhesions is controversial. Baxter
 Healthcare also markets COSEAL , a synthetic hydrogel used in patients undergoing cardiac or abdomino-pelvic surgery to prevent
 or reduce the incidence, severity and extent of postsurgical adhesion formation. In February 2020, Baxter acquired the Sanofi franchise
 for Seprafilm Adhesion Barrier, a mechanical bioresorbable adhesion barrier that is indicated for the reduction in the incidence,
 extent, and severity of postoperative adhesions in patients undergoing abdominal or pelvic laparotomy. While Seprafilm is regarded
 as an effective barrier, challenges with respect to placement remain and limit its widespread use. 

Gynecare
 Worldwide, a division of Ethicon, Inc., a Johnson Johnson company, markets Interceed , a sheet adhesion barrier similar
 in intended use to Seprafilm but is indicated only for selected open gynecological indications. 

FzioMed,
 Inc. has received CE Mark approval in the European Union for Oxiplex /AP Gel, an adhesion barrier for abdominal/pelvic surgery,
 and is conducting a clinical trial in the U.S., which is expected to be completed by December 2020. Fziomed has announced a global
 distribution agreement with Ethicon for distribution of Oxiplex/AP Gel. 

Covidien
 introduced SprayShield , an adhesion barrier used in abdominopelvic procedures, that is approved for sale in Europe. In 2013,
 Covidien sold the SprayShield product line to Integra Life Sciences. 

8 

Research
and Development 

The
Company is primarily engaged in preclinical testing of CXCL12 and delivery systems associated with the treatment of T1D. Costs and expenses
that can be clearly identified as research and development are charged to expense as incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2023,
and 2022, the Company recorded 15,267 and 13,097, respectively, of research and development expenses to a related party. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
strive to protect and enhance the proprietary technology, inventions and improvements that we believe are commercially important to our
business by seeking, maintaining, and defending patent rights, whether developed internally or licensed from third parties existing and
planned therapeutic programs. We also rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect our proprietary technologies
and know-how to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection,
as well as continuing technological innovation and in-licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen and maintain our proprietary position
in the field of cellular therapies. 

We
will additionally rely on trademark protection, copyright protection and regulatory protection available via orphan drug designations,
data exclusivity, market exclusivity, and patent term extensions. Our success will depend significantly on our ability to defend and
enforce our intellectual property rights and our ability to operate without infringing any valid and enforceable patents and proprietary
rights of third parties. 

Patents
and Copyrights 

We
do not currently own any patents or copyrights. Pursuant to our License Agreement with MGH, MGH granted us, in the field of coating and
transplanting cells, tissues and devices for therapeutic purposes, on a worldwide basis: (i) an exclusive, royalty-bearing license under
its rights in Patent Rights (as defined in the License Agreement) to make, use, sell, lease, import and transfer Products and Processes
(each as defined in the License Agreement); (ii) a non-exclusive, sub-licensable (solely in the License Field and License Territory (each
as defined in the License Agreement)) royalty- bearing license to Materials (as defined in the License Agreement) and to make, have made,
use, have used, Materials for only the purpose of creating Products, the transfer of Products and to use, have used and transfer Processes;
(iii) the right to grant sublicenses subject to and in accordance with the terms of the License Agreement, and (iv) the nonexclusive
right to use Technological Information (as defined in the License Agreement) disclosed by MGH to the Company under the License Agreement,
all subject to and in accordance with the License Agreement. 

Trademarks 

The
table below sets forth information about our two trademarks: 

Trademark: 
 
 Serial
 No: 
 
 Status: 
 
 Owner: 
 
 Issue
 Date: 
 
 Filing
 Date: 
 
 Published
 for Opposition: 
 
 Goods
 and Services: 
 
 VICAPSYN

87608595

731
 - Second Extension - Granted 
 
 Vicapsys,
 Inc. 
 
 4/10/2019

9/14/2017

2/23/2018

Cells
 for medical or clinical use, namely, implantable and insulin producing pancreatic cells 
 
 VYBRIN

87657573

First
 Extension - Granted 7/15/2019 
 
 Vicapsys,
 Inc. 

10/24/2017

7/31/2018

Pharmaceutical
 preparations, namely, liquid compositions for application to human tissue for reducing fibrosis, scarring and keloid formation for
 use by medical professionals, namely, surgeons 

9 

Government
Regulation 

Government
authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries and jurisdictions, including the European
Union, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, packaging,
storage, recordkeeping, labeling, advertising, promotion, distribution, marketing, post-approval monitoring and reporting, and import
and export of pharmaceutical products, including biological products. Some jurisdictions outside of the United States also regulate the
pricing of such products. The processes for obtaining marketing approvals in the United States and in other countries and jurisdictions,
along with subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations and other regulatory authorities, require the expenditure of
substantial time and financial resources. 

Licensure
and Regulation of Biologics in the United States 

In
the United States, our product candidates are regulated as biological products, or biologics, under the Public Health Service Act or
PHSA, and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and their implementing regulations. The failure to comply with the applicable
U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, including nonclinical testing, clinical testing, the approval process
or post-approval process, may subject an applicant to delays in the conduct of a study, regulatory review and approval, and/or administrative
or judicial sanctions. 

These
sanctions may include, but are not limited to, the FDA s refusal to allow an applicant to proceed with clinical testing, refusal
to approve pending applications, license suspension or revocation, withdrawal of an approval, untitled or warning letters, adverse publicity,
product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, and civil or criminal
investigations and penalties brought by the FDA or the Department of Justice, or DOJ, or other governmental entities. An applicant seeking
approval to market and distribute a new biologic in the United States generally must satisfactorily complete each of the following steps: 

preclinical
 laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies all performed in accordance with the FDA s Good Laboratory Practice,
 or GLP, regulations; 

submission
 to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug, or IND, application for human clinical testing, which must become effective before human
 clinical trials may begin; 

approval
 by an independent institutional review board, or IRB, representing each clinical site before each clinical trial may be initiated,
 or by a central IRB if appropriate; 

performance
 of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety, potency, and purity of the product candidate for each
 proposed indication, in accordance with the FDA s Good Clinical Practice, or GCP, regulations; 

preparation
 and submission to the FDA of a Biologics License Application, or BLA, for a biologic product requesting marketing for one or more
 proposed indications, including submission of detailed information on the manufacture and composition of the product and proposed
 labeling; 

review
 of the product by an FDA advisory committee, where appropriate or if applicable; 

satisfactory
 completion of one or more FDA inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities, including those of third parties, at which
 the product, or components thereof, are produced to assess compliance with cGMP requirements and to assure that the facilities, methods,
 and controls are adequate to preserve the product s identity, strength, quality, and purity, and, if applicable, the FDA s
 current good tissue practice, or CGTP, for the use of human cellular and tissue products; 

satisfactory
 completion of any FDA audits of the nonclinical study and clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GLPs and GCPs, respectively,
 and the integrity of clinical data in support of the BLA; 

payment
 of user fees and securing FDA approval of the BLA; 

compliance
 with any post-approval requirements, including the potential requirement to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy,
 or REMS, adverse event reporting, and compliance with any post-approval studies required by the FDA; and 

Preclinical
 Studies and Investigational New Drug Application. 

10 

Before
testing any biologic product candidate in humans, including a gene therapy product candidate, the product candidate must undergo preclinical
testing. Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluations of product chemistry, formulation and stability, as well as studies to evaluate
the potential for efficacy and toxicity in animals. The conduct of the preclinical tests and formulation of the compounds for testing
must comply with federal regulations and requirements. The results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information
and analytical data, are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND application. 

The
IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time the FDA imposes a clinical hold based on
concerns or questions about the product or conduct of the proposed clinical trial, including concerns that human research subjects would
be exposed to unreasonable and significant health risks. In that case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding FDA concerns
before the clinical trials can begin. 

As
a result, submission of the IND may result in the FDA not allowing the trials to commence or allowing the trial to commence on the terms
originally specified by the sponsor in the IND. If the FDA raises concerns or questions either during this initial 30-day period, or
at any time during the conduct of the IND study, including safety concerns or concerns due to non-compliance, it may impose a partial
or complete clinical hold. This order issued by the FDA would delay either a proposed clinical study or cause suspension of an ongoing
study, until all outstanding concerns have been adequately addressed and the FDA has notified the company that investigations may proceed
or recommence but only under terms authorized by the FDA. This could cause significant delays or difficulties in completing planned clinical
studies in a timely manner. 

Human
Clinical Trials in Support of a BLA 

Clinical
trials involve the administration of the investigational product candidate to healthy volunteers or patients with the disease to be treated
under the supervision of a qualified principal investigator in accordance with GCP requirements. Clinical trials are conducted under
study protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, inclusion and exclusion criteria, the parameters to be used
in monitoring safety, and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. A protocol for each clinical trial and subsequent protocol amendments
must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. 

A
sponsor who wishes to conduct a clinical trial outside the United States may, but need not, obtain FDA authorization to conduct the clinical
trial under an IND. If a non-U.S. clinical trial is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor may submit data from a well-designed and
well-conducted clinical trial to the FDA in support of the BLA so long as the clinical trial is conducted in compliance with GCP and
the FDA is able to validate the data from the study through an onsite inspection if the FDA deems it necessary. 

Further,
each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an independent institutional review board, or IRB, either centrally or individually
at each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted. The IRB will consider, among other things, clinical trial design,
subject informed consent, ethical factors, and the safety of human subjects. An IRB must operate in compliance with FDA regulations.
The FDA or the clinical trial sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time for various reasons, including a finding
that the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or the subjects or patients are being exposed to an
unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical
trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious
harm to patients. Clinical testing also must satisfy extensive GCP rules and the requirements for informed consent. Additionally, some
clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety
monitoring board or committee. This group may recommend continuation of the study as planned, changes in study conduct, or cessation
of the study at designated check points based on access to certain data from the study. Finally, research activities involving infectious
agents, hazardous chemicals, recombinant DNA, and genetically altered organisms and agents may be subject to review and approval of an
Institutional Biosafety Committee, or IBC, a local institutional committee that reviews and oversees basic and clinical research conducted
at that institution established under the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, Guidelines for Research Involving Recombinant or Synthetic
Nucleic Acid Molecules, or NIH Guidelines. The IBC assess the safety of the research and identifies any potential risk to public health
or the environment. 

11 

Clinical
trials typically are conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap or be combined. Additional studies may be required
after approval. 

Phase
 1 clinical trials are initially conducted in a limited population to test the product candidate for safety, including adverse
 effects, dose tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution, excretion, and pharmacodynamics in healthy humans or, on occasion,
 in patients, such as cancer patients. 

Phase
 2 clinical trials are generally conducted in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety
 risks, evaluate the efficacy of the product candidate for specific targeted indications and determine dose tolerance and optimal
 dosage. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted by the sponsor to obtain information prior to beginning larger and costlier
 Phase 3 clinical trials. 

Phase
 3 clinical trials are undertaken within an expanded patient population to further evaluate dosage and gather the additional
 information about effectiveness and safety that is needed to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the drug and to provide
 an adequate basis for physician labeling. 

Progress
reports detailing the results, if known, of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA. Written IND safety reports
must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators within 15 calendar days after determining that the information qualifies for reporting.
IND safety reports are required for serious and unexpected suspected adverse events, findings from other studies or animal or in vitro
 testing that suggest a significant risk to humans exposed to the drug, and any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious
suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. Additionally, a sponsor must notify FDA within
7 calendar days after receiving information concerning any unexpected fatal or life-threatening suspected adverse reaction. 

In
some cases, the FDA may approve a BLA for a product candidate but require the sponsor to conduct additional clinical trials to further
assess the product candidate s safety and effectiveness after approval. Such post-approval trials are typically referred to as
Phase 4 clinical trials. These studies are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic
indication and to document a clinical benefit in the case of biologics approved under accelerated approval regulations. Failure to exhibit
due diligence with regard to conducting Phase 4 clinical trials could result in withdrawal of approval for products. 

Compliance
with cGMP and CGTP Requirements 

Before
approving a BLA, the FDA typically will inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve
an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in full compliance with cGMP requirements and
adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. The PHSA emphasizes the importance of manufacturing
control for products like biologics whose attributes cannot be precisely defined. 

For
a gene therapy product, the FDA also will not approve the product if the manufacturer is not in compliance with CGTP. These requirements
are found in FDA regulations that govern the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the manufacture of human cells,
tissues, and cellular and tissue-based products, or HCT/Ps, which are human cells or tissue intended for implantation, transplant, infusion,
or transfer into a human recipient. The primary intent of the CGTP requirements is to ensure that cell and tissue-based products are
manufactured in a manner designed to prevent the introduction, transmission, and spread of communicable disease. FDA regulations also
require tissue establishments to register and list their HCT/Ps with the FDA and, when applicable, to evaluate donors through screening
and testing 

Manufacturers
and others involved in the manufacture and distribution of products must also register their establishments with the FDA and certain
state agencies for products intended for the U.S. market, and with analogous health regulatory agencies for products intended for other
markets globally. Both U.S. and non-U.S. manufacturing establishments must register and provide additional information to the FDA and/or
other health regulatory agencies upon their initial participation in the manufacturing process. 

12 

Any
product manufactured by or imported from a facility that has not registered, whether U.S. or non-U.S., is deemed misbranded under the
FDCA, and could be affected by similar as well as additional compliance issues in other jurisdictions. Establishments may be subject
to periodic unannounced inspections by government authorities to ensure compliance with cGMPs and other laws. Manufacturers may also
have to provide, on request, electronic or physical records regarding their establishments. 

Delaying,
denying, limiting, or refusing inspection by the FDA or other governing health regulatory agency may lead to a product being deemed to
be adulterated. 

Review
and Approval of a BLA 

The
results of product candidate development, preclinical testing, and clinical trials, including negative or ambiguous results as well as
positive findings, are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA requesting a license to market the product. The BLA must contain extensive
manufacturing information and detailed information on the composition of the product and proposed labeling as well as payment of a user
fee. 

The
FDA has 60 days after submission of the application to conduct an initial review to determine whether it is sufficient to accept for
filing based on the agency s threshold determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. Once the submission
has been accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the application. Under the goals and policies agreed to by the FDA
under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or the PDUFA, the FDA has ten months in which to complete its initial review of a standard
application and respond to the applicant, and six months for a priority review of the application. The FDA does not always meet its PDUFA
goal dates for standard and priority BLAs. The review process may often be significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information
or clarification. The review process and the PDUFA goal date may be extended by three months if the FDA requests or if the applicant
otherwise provides through the submission of a major amendment additional information or clarification regarding information already
provided in the submission within the last three months before the PDUFA goal date. 

Under
the PHSA, the FDA may approve a BLA if it determines that the product is safe, pure, and potent and the facility where the product will
be manufactured meets standards designed to ensure that it continues to be safe, pure, and potent. On the basis of the FDA s evaluation
of the application and accompanying information, including the results of the inspection of the manufacturing facilities and any FDA
audits of nonclinical study and clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GLPs and GCPs, respectively, the FDA may issue an approval
letter or a complete response letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with specific prescribing information
for specific indications. If the application is not approved, the FDA will issue a complete response letter, which will contain the conditions
that must be met in order to secure final approval of the application, and when possible will outline recommended actions the sponsor
might take to obtain approval of the application. Sponsors that receive a complete response letter may submit to the FDA information
that represents a complete response to the issues identified by the FDA. Such resubmissions are classified under PDUFA as either Class
1 or Class 2. The classification of a resubmission is based on the information submitted by an applicant in response to an action letter.
Under the goals and policies agreed to by the FDA under PDUFA, the FDA has two months to review a Class 1 resubmission and six months
to review a Class 2 resubmission. The FDA will not approve an application until issues identified in the complete response letter have
been addressed. Alternatively, sponsors that receive a complete response letter may either withdraw the application or request a hearing. 

The
FDA may also refer the application to an advisory committee for review, evaluation, and recommendation as to whether the application
should be approved. In particular, the FDA may refer applications for novel biologic products or biologic products that present difficult
questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee. Typically, an advisory committee is a panel of independent experts, including
clinicians and other scientific experts, that reviews, evaluates, and provides a recommendation as to whether the application should
be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations
carefully when making decisions. 

13 

If
the FDA approves a new product, it may limit the approved indications for use of the product. It may also require that contraindications,
warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling. In addition, the FDA may call for post-approval studies, including Phase
4 clinical trials, to further assess the product s safety after approval. The agency may also require testing and surveillance
programs to monitor the product after commercialization, or impose other conditions, including distribution restrictions or other risk
management mechanisms, including REMS, to help ensure that the benefits of the product outweigh the potential risks. REMS can include
medication guides, communication plans for healthcare professionals, and elements to assure safe use, or ETASU. ETASU can include, but
are not limited to, specific or special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only under certain circumstances,
special monitoring, and the use of patent registries. The FDA mafciy prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results
of post-market studies or surveillance programs. 

After
approval, many types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, certain manufacturing changes and additional
labeling claims, are subject to further testing requirements and FDA review and approval. 

Fast
Track, Breakthrough Therapy and Priority Review Designations 

The
FDA is authorized to designate certain products for expedited review if they are intended to address an unmet medical need in the treatment
of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition. These programs are referred to as fast track designation, breakthrough therapy
designation, and priority review designation. Our product candidates do not currently qualify under any of the foregoing programs which
are also described below. 

Specifically,
the FDA may designate a product for fast track review if it is intended, whether alone or in combination with one or more other products,
for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and it demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs
for such a disease or condition. For fast track products, sponsors may have greater interactions with the FDA and the FDA may initiate
review of sections of a fast track product s application before the application is complete. This rolling review may be available
if the FDA determines, after preliminary evaluation of clinical data submitted by the sponsor, that a fast track product may be effective.
The sponsor must also provide, and the FDA must approve, a schedule for the submission of the remaining information and the sponsor must
pay applicable user fees. However, the FDA s time period goal for reviewing a fast track application does not begin until the last
section of the application is submitted. In addition, the fast track designation may be withdrawn by the FDA if the FDA believes that
the designation is no longer supported by data emerging in the clinical trial process, or if the designated drug development program
is no longer being pursued. 

Second,
FDA has a new regulatory scheme allowing for expedited review of products designated as breakthrough therapies. A product
may be designated as a breakthrough therapy if it is intended, either alone or in combination with one or more other products, to treat
a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial
improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early
in clinical development. The FDA may take certain actions with respect to breakthrough therapies, including holding meetings with the
sponsor throughout the development process; providing timely advice to the product sponsor regarding development and approval; involving
more senior staff in the review process; assigning a cross-disciplinary project lead for the review team; and taking other steps to design
the clinical trials in an efficient manner. 

Third,
the FDA may designate a product for priority review if it is a product that treats a serious condition and, if approved, would provide
a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness. The FDA determines, on a case-by-case basis, whether the proposed product represents
a significant improvement when compared with other available therapies. Significant improvement may be illustrated by evidence of increased
effectiveness in the treatment of a condition, elimination or substantial reduction of a treatment-limiting adverse reaction, documented
enhancement of patient compliance that may lead to improvement in serious outcomes, and evidence of safety and effectiveness in a new
subpopulation. A priority designation is intended to direct overall attention and resources to the evaluation of such applications, and
to shorten the FDA s goal for taking action on a marketing application from ten months to six months. 

14 

Accelerated
Approval Pathway 

The
FDA may grant accelerated approval to a product for a serious or life-threatening condition that provides meaningful therapeutic advantage
to patients over existing treatments based upon a determination that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably
likely to predict clinical benefit. The FDA may also grant accelerated approval for such a condition when the product has an effect on
an intermediate clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality, or IMM, and that
is reasonably likely to predict an effect on IMM or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of
the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. Products granted accelerated approval must meet the same statutory
standards for safety and effectiveness as those granted traditional approval. Our product candidates do not currently qualify for accelerated
approval by the FDA which is also described below. 

For
the purposes of accelerated approval, a surrogate endpoint is a marker, such as a laboratory measurement, radiographic image, physical
sign, or other measure that is thought to predict clinical benefit but is not itself a measure of clinical benefit. Surrogate endpoints
can often be measured more easily or more rapidly than clinical endpoints. 

An
intermediate clinical endpoint is a measurement of a therapeutic effect that is considered reasonably likely to predict the clinical
benefit of a product, such as an effect on IMM. The FDA has limited experience with accelerated approvals based on intermediate clinical
endpoints but has indicated that such endpoints generally could support accelerated approval where a study demonstrates a relatively
short-term clinical benefit in a chronic disease setting in which assessing durability of the clinical benefit is essential for traditional
approval, but the short-term benefit is considered reasonably likely to predict long-term benefit. 

The
accelerated approval pathway is most often used in settings in which the course of a disease is long and an extended period of time is
required to measure the intended clinical benefit of a product, even if the effect on the surrogate or intermediate clinical endpoint
occurs rapidly. Thus, accelerated approval has been used extensively in the development and approval of products for treatment of a variety
of cancers in which the goal of therapy is generally to improve survival or decrease morbidity and the duration of the typical disease
course requires lengthy and sometimes large trials to demonstrate a clinical or survival benefit. 

The
accelerated approval pathway is usually contingent on a sponsor s agreement to conduct, in a diligent manner, additional post-approval
confirmatory studies to verify and describe the product s clinical benefit. As a result, a product candidate approved on this basis
is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements, including the completion of Phase 4 or post-approval clinical trials to
confirm the effect on the clinical endpoint. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies, or confirm a clinical benefit during
post-marketing studies, would allow the FDA to withdraw the product from the market on an expedited basis. All promotional materials
for product candidates approved under accelerated regulations are subject to prior review by the FDA. 

Post-Approval
Regulation 

If
regulatory approval for marketing of a product or new indication for an existing product is obtained, the sponsor will be required to
comply with all regular post-approval regulatory requirements as well as any post-approval requirements that the FDA has imposed as part
of the approval process. The sponsor will be required to report certain adverse reactions and production problems to the FDA, provide
updated safety and efficacy information and comply with requirements concerning advertising and promotional labeling requirements. Manufacturers
and certain of their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject
to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with ongoing regulatory requirements, including
cGMP regulations, which impose certain procedural and documentation requirements upon manufacturers. Accordingly, the sponsor and its
third-party manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the areas of production and quality control to maintain
compliance with cGMP regulations and other regulatory requirements. 

15 

A
product may also be subject to official lot release, meaning that the manufacturer is required to perform certain tests on each lot of
the product before it is released for distribution. If the product is subject to official lot release, the manufacturer must submit samples
of each lot, together with a release protocol showing a summary of the history of manufacture of the lot and the results of all of the
manufacturer s tests performed on the lot, to the FDA. The FDA may in addition perform certain confirmatory tests on lots of some
products before releasing the lots for distribution. Finally, the FDA will conduct laboratory research related to the safety, purity,
potency, and effectiveness of pharmaceutical products. 

Once
an approval is granted, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems
occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of
unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in
revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new
safety risks; or imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a REMS program. 

Other
potential consequences of a failure to comply with regulatory requirements include, among other things: 

restrictions
 on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 

fines,
 untitled or warning letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials; 

refusal
 of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of product license
 approvals; 

product
 seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; or 

injunctions
 or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The
FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of licensed and approved products that are placed on the market.
Pharmaceutical products may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label.
The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that
is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. 

Orphan
Drug Designation 

Orphan
drug designation in the United States is designed to encourage sponsors to develop products intended for rare diseases or conditions.
In the United States, a rare disease or condition is statutorily defined as a condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in
the United States or that affects more than 200,000 individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation
that the cost of developing and making available the biologic for the disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product
in the United States. 

Orphan
drug designation qualifies a company for tax credits and market exclusivity for seven years following the date of the product s
marketing approval if granted by the FDA. An application for designation as an orphan product can be made any time prior to the filing
of an application for approval to market the product. A product becomes an orphan when it receives orphan drug designation from the Office
of Orphan Products Development, or OOPD, at the FDA based on acceptable confidential requests made under the regulatory provisions. The
product must then go through the review and approval process for commercial distribution like any other product. 

A
sponsor may request orphan drug designation of a previously unapproved product or new orphan indication for an already marketed product.
In addition, a sponsor of a product that is otherwise the same product as an already approved orphan drug may seek and obtain orphan
drug designation for the subsequent product for the same rare disease or condition if it can present a plausible hypothesis that its
product may be clinically superior to the first drug. More than one sponsor may receive orphan drug designation for the same product
for the same rare disease or condition, but each sponsor seeking orphan drug designation must file a complete request for designation. 

16 

The
period of exclusivity begins on the date that the marketing application is approved by the FDA and applies only to the indication for
which the product has been designated. The FDA may approve a second application for the same product for a different use or a second
application for a clinically superior version of the product for the same use. The FDA cannot, however, approve the same product made
by another manufacturer for the same indication during the market exclusivity period unless it has the consent of the sponsor or the
sponsor is unable to provide sufficient quantities. 

Pediatric
Studies and Exclusivity 

Under
the Pediatric Research Equity Act of 2003, as amended, a BLA or supplement thereto must contain data that are adequate to assess the
safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations, and to support dosing and
administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. Sponsors must also submit pediatric study
plans prior to the assessment data. Those plans must contain an outline of the proposed pediatric study or studies the applicant plans
to conduct, including study objectives and design, any deferral or waiver requests, and other information required by regulation. 

The
applicant, the FDA, and the FDA s internal review committee must then review the information submitted, consult with each other,
and agree upon a final plan. The FDA or the applicant may request an amendment to the plan at any time. 

The
FDA may, on its own initiative or at the request of the applicant, grant deferrals for submission of some or all pediatric data until
after approval of the product for use in adults, or full or partial waivers from the pediatric data requirements. Unless otherwise required
by regulation, the pediatric data requirements do not apply to products with orphan designation. 

Pediatric
exclusivity is another type of non-patent marketing exclusivity in the United States and, if granted, provides for the attachment of
an additional six months of marketing protection to the term of any existing regulatory exclusivity, including the non-patent and orphan
exclusivity. This six-month exclusivity may be granted if a BLA sponsor submits pediatric data that fairly respond to a written request
from the FDA for such data. The data do not need to show the product to be effective in the pediatric population studied; rather, if
the clinical trial is deemed to fairly respond to the FDA s request, the additional protection is granted. If reports of requested
pediatric studies are submitted to and accepted by the FDA within the statutory time limits, whatever statutory or regulatory periods
of exclusivity or patent protection cover the product are extended by six months. This is not a patent term extension, but it effectively
extends the regulatory period during which the FDA cannot approve another application. 

Biosimilars
and Exclusivity 

The
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which was signed into law in March 2010, included a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition
and Innovation Act of 2009 or BPCIA. The BPCIA established a regulatory scheme authorizing the FDA to approve biosimilars and interchangeable
biosimilars. The FDA has issued several guidance documents outlining an approach to review and approval of biosimilars. 

Under
the BPCIA, a manufacturer may submit an application for licensure of a biologic product that is biosimilar to or interchangeable
with a previously approved biological product or reference product. In order for the FDA to approve a biosimilar
product, it must find that there are no clinically meaningful differences between the reference product and proposed biosimilar product
in terms of safety, purity, and potency. For the FDA to approve a biosimilar product as interchangeable with a reference product, the
agency must find that the biosimilar product can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product, and (for
products administered multiple times) that the biologic and the reference biologic may be switched after one has been previously administered
without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. 

17 

Under
the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date of approval of
the reference product. The FDA may not approve a biosimilar product until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was approved.
Even if a product is considered to be a reference product eligible for exclusivity, another company could market a competing version
of that product if the FDA approves a full BLA for such product containing the sponsor s own preclinical data and data from adequate
and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity, and potency of their product. The BPCIA also created certain exclusivity
periods for biosimilars approved as interchangeable products. At this juncture, it is unclear whether products deemed interchangeable 
by the FDA will, in fact, be readily substituted by pharmacies, which are governed by state pharmacy law. 

Patent
Term Restoration and Extension 

A
patent claiming a new biologic product may be eligible for a limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent
Term Restoration Act of 1984, or Hatch-Waxman Amendments, which permits a patent restoration of up to five years for patent term lost
during product development and FDA regulatory review. The restoration period granted on a patent covering a product is typically one-half
the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of a marketing application, plus the time between the submission
date of the marketing application and the ultimate approval date, less any time the applicant failed to act with due diligence. Patent
term restoration cannot be used to extend the remaining term of a patent past a total of 14 years from the product s approval date.
Only one patent applicable to an approved product is eligible for the extension, and the application for the extension must be submitted
prior to the expiration of the patent in question. A patent that covers multiple products for which approval is sought can only be extended
in connection with one of the approvals. The USPTO reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration
in consultation with the FDA. 

Regulation
and Procedures Governing Approval of Medicinal Products in the European Union 

In
order to market any product outside of the United States, a company must also comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements
of other countries and jurisdictions regarding quality, safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials, marketing
authorization, commercial sales and distribution of products. Whether or not it obtains FDA approval for a product, an applicant will
need to obtain the necessary approvals by the comparable health regulatory authorities before it can commence clinical trials or marketing
of the product in those countries or jurisdictions. Specifically, the process governing approval of medicinal products in the European
Union, or EU, generally follows the same lines as in the United States. It entails satisfactory completion of preclinical studies and
adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the product for each proposed indication. It also
requires the submission to the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, or the relevant competent authorities of a marketing authorization
application, or MAA, and granting of a marketing authorization by the EMA or these authorities before the product can be marketed and
sold in the EU. 

Clinical
Trial Approval 

Pursuant
to the currently applicable Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC and the Commission Directive 2005/28/EC on GCP, a system for the approval
of clinical trials in the EU has been implemented through national legislation of the member states. Under this system, an applicant
must obtain approval from the competent national authority of an EU member state in which the clinical trial is to be conducted, or in
multiple member states if the clinical trial is to be conducted in a number of member states. Furthermore, the applicant may only start
a clinical trial at a specific study site after the ethics committee has issued a favorable opinion. The CTA must be accompanied by an
investigational medicinal product dossier with supporting information prescribed by Directive 2001/20/EC and Commission Directive 2005/28/EC
and corresponding national laws of the member states and further detailed in applicable guidance documents. 

In
April 2014, the EU adopted a new Clinical Trials Regulation (EU) No 536/2014, which is set to replace the current Clinical Trials Directive
2001/20/EC. The new Clinical Trials Regulation (EU) No 536/2014 is expected to become applicable in 2019. It will overhaul the current
system of approvals for clinical trials in the EU. Specifically, the new legislation, which will be directly applicable in all member
states, aims at simplifying and streamlining the approval of clinical trials in the EU. For instance, the new Clinical Trials Regulation
provides for a streamlined application procedure via a single-entry point and strictly defined deadlines for the assessment of clinical
trial applications. 

18 

Marketing
Authorization 

To
obtain a marketing authorization for a product under the EU regulatory system, an applicant must submit an MAA, either under a centralized
procedure administered by the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, or one of the procedures administered by competent authorities in EU
Member States (decentralized procedure, national procedure, or mutual recognition procedure). A marketing authorization may be granted
only to an applicant established in the EU. Regulation (EC) No 1901/2006 provides that prior to obtaining a marketing authorization in
the EU, an applicant must demonstrate compliance with all measures included in an EMA-approved Pediatric Investigation Plan, or PIP,
covering all subsets of the pediatric population, unless the EMA has granted a product-specific waiver, class waiver, or a deferral for
one or more of the measures included in the PIP. 

The
centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization by the European Commission that is valid for all EU
member states. Pursuant to Regulation (EC) No. 726/2004, the centralized procedure is compulsory for specific products, including for
medicines produced by certain biotechnological processes, products designated as orphan medicinal products, advanced therapy products
and products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of certain diseases, including products for the treatment of cancer.
For products that are highly innovative or for which a centralized process is in the interest of patients, the centralized procedure
may be optional. 

Specifically,
the grant of marketing authorization in the European Union for products containing viable human tissues or cells such as gene therapy
medicinal products is governed by Regulation (EC) No 1394/2007 on advanced therapy medicinal products, read in combination with Directive
2001/83/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council, commonly known as the Community code on medicinal products. Regulation (EC)
No 1394/2007 lays down specific rules concerning the authorization, supervision, and pharmacovigilance of gene therapy medicinal products,
somatic cell therapy medicinal products, and tissue engineered products. Manufacturers of advanced therapy medicinal products must demonstrate
the quality, safety, and efficacy of their products to EMA which provides an opinion regarding the application for marketing authorization.
The European Commission grants or refuses marketing authorization in light of the opinion delivered by EMA. 

Under
the centralized procedure, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use, or the CHMP, established at the EMA is responsible for
conducting an initial assessment of a product. Under the centralized procedure in the European Union, the maximum timeframe for the evaluation
of an MAA is 210 days, excluding clock stops when additional information or written or oral explanation is to be provided by the applicant
in response to questions of the CHMP. Accelerated evaluation may be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product
is of major interest from the point of view of public health and, in particular, from the viewpoint of therapeutic innovation. If the
CHMP accepts such a request, the time limit of 210 days will be reduced to 150 days, but it is possible that the CHMP may revert to the
standard time limit for the centralized procedure if it determines that it is no longer appropriate to conduct an accelerated assessment. 

Regulatory
Data Protection in the European Union 

In
the European Union, new chemical entities approved on the basis of a complete independent data package qualify for eight years of data
exclusivity upon marketing authorization and an additional two years of market exclusivity pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 726/2004, as
amended, and Directive 2001/83/EC, as amended. Data exclusivity prevents regulatory authorities in the European Union from referencing
the innovator s data to assess a generic (abbreviated) application for a period of eight years. During the additional two-year
period of market exclusivity, a generic marketing authorization application can be submitted, and the innovator s data may be referenced,
but no generic medicinal product can be marketed until the expiration of the market exclusivity. The overall ten-year period will be
extended to a maximum of eleven years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the marketing authorization holder obtains
an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to authorization, is held
to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing therapies. Even if a compound is considered to be a new chemical
entity so that the innovator gains the prescribed period of data exclusivity, another company may market another version of the product
if such company obtained marketing authorization based on an MAA with a complete independent data package of pharmaceutical tests, preclinical
tests and clinical trials. 

19 

Periods
of Authorization and Renewals 

A
marketing authorization is valid for five years, in principle, and it may be renewed after five years on the basis of a reevaluation
of the risk-benefit balance by the EMA or by the competent authority of the authorizing member state. To that end, the marketing authorization
holder must provide the EMA or the competent authority with a consolidated version of the file in respect of quality, safety and efficacy,
including all variations introduced since the marketing authorization was granted, at least nine months before the marketing authorization
ceases to be valid. Once renewed, the marketing authorization is valid for an unlimited period, unless the European Commission or the
competent authority decides, on justified grounds relating to pharmacovigilance, to proceed with one additional five-year renewal period.
Any authorization that is not followed by the placement of the drug on the EU market (in the case of the centralized procedure) or on
the market of the authorizing member state within three years after authorization ceases to be valid. 

Regulatory
Requirements after Marketing Authorization 

Following
approval, the holder of the marketing authorization is required to comply with a range of requirements applicable to the manufacturing,
marketing, promotion and sale of the medicinal product. These include compliance with the EU s stringent pharmacovigilance or safety
reporting rules, pursuant to which post-authorization studies and additional monitoring obligations can be imposed. In addition, the
manufacturing of authorized products, for which a separate manufacturer s license is mandatory, must also be conducted in strict
compliance with the EMA s GMP requirements and comparable requirements of other regulatory bodies in the EU, which mandate the
methods, facilities, and controls used in manufacturing, processing and packing of drugs to assure their safety and identity. Finally,
the marketing and promotion of authorized products, including advertising directed toward the prescribers of drugs and/or the general
public, are strictly regulated in the European Union under Directive 2001/83/EC, as amended. 

Orphan
Drug Designation and Exclusivity 

Regulation
(EC) No 141/2000 and Regulation (EC) No 847/2000 provide that a product can be designated as an orphan drug by the European Commission
if its sponsor can establish: that the product is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of (i) a life-threatening or chronically
debilitating condition affecting not more than five in ten thousand persons in the EU when the application is made, or (ii) a life-threatening,
seriously debilitating or serious and chronic condition in the EU and that without incentives it is unlikely that the marketing of the
drug in the EU would generate sufficient return to justify the necessary investment. For either of these conditions, the applicant must
demonstrate that there exists no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of the condition in question that has been
authorized in the EU or, if such method exists, the drug will be of significant benefit to those affected by that condition. 

An
orphan drug designation provides a number of benefits, including fee reductions, regulatory assistance, and the ability to apply for
a centralized EU marketing authorization. Marketing authorization for an orphan drug leads to a ten-year period of market exclusivity.
During this market exclusivity period, neither the European Commission nor the member states can accept an application or grant a marketing
authorization for a similar medicinal product. A similar medicinal product is defined as a medicinal product
containing a similar active substance or substances as contained in an authorized orphan medicinal product, and which is intended for
the same therapeutic indication. The market exclusivity period for the authorized therapeutic indication may, however, be reduced to
six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the product no longer meets the criteria for orphan drug designation
because, for example, the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify market exclusivity. 

For
other markets in which we might in future seek to obtain marketing approval for the commercialization of products, there are other health
regulatory regimes for seeking approval, and we would need to ensure ongoing compliance with applicable health regulatory procedures
and standards, as well as other governing laws and regulations for each applicable jurisdiction. 

20 

Coverage,
Pricing and Reimbursement 

Significant
uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any product candidates for which we may seek regulatory approval by
the FDA or other government authorities. In the United States and markets in other countries, patients who are prescribed treatments
for their conditions and providers performing the prescribed services generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of
the associated healthcare costs. Patients are unlikely to use any product candidates we may develop unless coverage is provided and reimbursement
is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of such product candidates. Even if any product candidates we may develop are
approved, sales of such product candidates will depend, in part, on the extent to which third-party payors, including government health
programs in the United States such as Medicare and Medicaid, commercial health insurers, and managed care organizations, provide coverage,
and establish adequate reimbursement levels for, such product candidates. The process for determining whether a payor will provide coverage
for a product may be separate from the process for setting the price or reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product once
coverage is approved. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged, examining the medical necessity, and reviewing
the cost-effectiveness of medical products and services and imposing controls to manage costs. Third-party payors may limit coverage
to specific products on an approved list, also known as a formulary, which might not include all of the approved products for a particular
indication. 

In
order to secure coverage and reimbursement for any product that might be approved for sale, a company may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic
studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of the product, in addition to the costs required to obtain
FDA or other comparable marketing approvals. Nonetheless, product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost effective.
A decision by a third-party payor not to cover any product candidates we may develop could reduce physician utilization of such product
candidates once approved and have a material adverse effect on our sales, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally,
a payor s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Further,
one payor s determination to provide coverage for a product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage and reimbursement
for the product, and the level of coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payor to payor. Third-party reimbursement
and coverage may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment
in product development. 

The
containment of healthcare costs also has become a priority of various federal, state and/or local governments, as well as other payors,
within the U.S. and in other countries globally, and the prices of pharmaceuticals have been a focus in these efforts. Governments and
other payors have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement,
and requirements for substitution of generic products. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more
restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit a company s revenue generated from
the sale of any approved products. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage
and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which a company or its collaborators receive marketing approval, less
favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 

Outside
the United States, ensuring adequate coverage and payment for any product candidates we may develop will face challenges. Pricing of
prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to governmental control in many countries. Pricing negotiations with governmental authorities
can extend well beyond the receipt of regulatory marketing approval for a product and may require us to conduct a clinical trial that
compares the cost effectiveness of any product candidates we may develop to other available therapies. The conduct of such a clinical
trial could be expensive and result in delays in our commercialization efforts. 

In
the European Union, pricing and reimbursement schemes vary widely from country to country. Some countries provide that products may be
marketed only after a reimbursement price has been agreed. Some countries may require the completion of additional studies that compare
the cost-effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies (so called health technology assessments, or
HTAs) in order to obtain reimbursement or pricing approval. For example, the European Union provides options for its member states to
restrict the range of products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal
products for human use. E.U. member states may approve a specific price for a product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect
controls on the profitability of the company placing the product on the market. 

21 

Other
member states allow companies to fix their own prices for products, but monitor and control prescription volumes and issue guidance to
physicians to limit prescriptions. 

Recently,
many countries in the European Union have increased the amount of discounts required on pharmaceuticals and these efforts could continue
as countries attempt to manage healthcare expenditures, especially in light of the severe fiscal and debt crises experienced by many
countries in the European Union. The downward pressure on health care costs in general, particularly prescription products, has become
intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. Political, economic, and regulatory
developments may further complicate pricing negotiations, and pricing negotiations may continue after reimbursement has been obtained.
Reference pricing used by various European Union Member States, and parallel trade (arbitrage between low-priced and high-priced member
states), can further reduce prices. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for
pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products, if approved in those countries. 

Healthcare
Law and Regulation 

Healthcare
providers and third-party payors play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of pharmaceutical products that are granted
marketing approval. Arrangements with providers, consultants, third-party payors, and customers are subject to broadly applicable fraud
and abuse, anti-kickback, false claims laws, reporting of payments to physicians and teaching physicians and patient privacy laws and
regulations and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain our business and/or financial arrangements. Restrictions under
applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations, include the following: 

the
 U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting,
 offering, paying, or receiving remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward
 either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may
 be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid; 

the
 federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the civil U.S. False Claims Act, and civil monetary penalties laws, which
 prohibit individuals or entities from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government,
 claims for payment that are false, fictitious, or fraudulent or knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record
 or statement to avoid, decrease, or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. In addition, the government may
 assert that a claim including items and services resulting from a violation of the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes
 a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the U.S. False Claims Act; 

the
 federal false statements statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing, or covering up a material fact or making
 any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items, or services; similar
 to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent
 to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

the
 anti-inducement law, which prohibits, among other things, the offering or giving of remuneration, which includes, without limitation,
 any transfer of items or services for free or for less than fair market value (with limited exceptions), to a Medicare or Medicaid
 beneficiary that the person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular supplier
 of items or services reimbursable by a federal or state governmental program; 

the
 federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for
 Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, (collectively HIPAA which imposes criminal and civil liability for knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any
 healthcare benefit program (including private payors) or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises,
 any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor
 (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact
 or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services; 

22 

HIPAA,
 which impose obligations with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable information
 that constitutes protected health information, including mandatory contractual terms and restrictions on the use and/or disclosure
 of such information without proper authorization; 

the
 federal transparency requirements known as the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, under the U.S. Patient Protection and Affordable
 Care Act, as amended by the U.S. Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, collectively, the Affordable Care Act (the ACA ),
 which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies to report annually to the Centers for Medicare
 Medicaid Services, or CMS, within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, information related to payments and other
 transfers of value made by that entity to physicians and teaching hospitals, and requires certain manufacturers and applicable group
 purchasing organizations to report ownership and investment interests held by physicians or their immediate family members; 

federal
 government price reporting laws, which require us to calculate and report complex pricing metrics in an accurate and timely manner
 to government programs; 

federal
 consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm
 consumers; 

The
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making, or offering or promising to make
 improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or otherwise seeking favorable treatment;
 and 

analogous
 laws and regulations in other national jurisdictions and states, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply
 to healthcare items or services that are reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers. 

Some
state and other laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines
and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government in addition to requiring pharmaceutical manufacturers to report
information related to payments to physicians and other health care providers or marketing expenditures. State and other laws also govern
the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often
are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Healthcare
Reform 

A
primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. There have been a number of federal and state proposals
during the last few years regarding the pricing of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products, limiting coverage and reimbursement
for drugs and other medical products, government control and other changes to the healthcare system in the United States. 

By
way of example, the United States and state governments continue to propose and pass legislation designed to reduce the cost of healthcare.
In March 2010, the ACA went into effect, which, among other things, includes changes to the coverage and payment for products under government
health care programs. Among the provisions of the ACA of importance to our potential product candidates are: 

an
 annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports specified branded prescription drugs and biologic products,
 apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain government healthcare programs, although this fee would
 not apply to sales of certain products approved exclusively for orphan indications; 

23 

expansion
 of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to certain individuals
 with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing a manufacturer s Medicaid rebate
 liability; 

expanded
 manufacturers rebate liability under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program by increasing the minimum rebate for both branded and
 generic drugs and revising the definition of average manufacturer price, or AMP, for calculating and reporting Medicaid
 drug rebates on outpatient prescription drug prices and extending rebate liability to prescriptions for individuals enrolled in Medicare
 Advantage plans; 

addressed
 a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for products that
 are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; 

expanded
 the types of entities eligible for the 340B drug discount program; 

established
 the Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program by requiring manufacturers to provide a 50 point-of-sale-discount off the negotiated
 price of applicable products to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period as a condition for the manufacturers 
 outpatient products to be covered under Medicare Part D; 

a
 new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness
 research, along with funding for such research; and 

established
 the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation within CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare
 and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription product spending. Funding has been allocated to support the mission of
 the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation from 2011 to 2019. 

Other
legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. For example, in August 2011, the Budget
Control Act of 2011, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress. A Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction,
tasked with recommending a targeted deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for the years 2012 through 2021, was unable to reach
required goals, thereby triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate
reductions of Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect in April 2013 and will remain in effect
through 2024 unless additional Congressional action is taken. In January 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer
Relief Act of 2012, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several l providers, including hospitals, imaging
centers, and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to
providers from three to five years. 

Since
its enactment, some of the provisions of the ACA have yet to be fully implemented, while certain provisions have been subject to judicial,
Congressional, and Executive challenges. In 2012, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld certain key aspects of the legislation, including a tax-based
shared responsibility payment imposed on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year,
which is commonly the requirement that all individuals maintain health insurance coverage or pay a penalty, referred to as the individual
mandate. Though Congress has not passed repeal legislation to date, the 2017 Tax Reform Act included a provision which repealed
the individual mandate effective January 1, 2019. On December 14, 2018, a U.S. District Court judge in the Northern District of Texas
ruled that the individual mandate portion of the ACA is an essential and inseverable feature of the ACA, and therefore because the mandate
was repealed as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the remaining provisions of the ACA are invalid as well. On December 30, 2018 the
same judge issued an order staying the judgment pending appeal. It is unclear how this decision and any subsequent appeals and other
efforts to repeal and replace the ACA will impact the ACA and our business. 

On
January 20, 2017, then-United States President Donald Trump signed an Executive Order directing federal agencies with authorities and
responsibilities under the Affordable Care Act to waive, defer, grant exemptions from, or delay the implementation of any provision of
the Affordable Care Act that would impose a fiscal burden on states or a cost, fee, tax, penalty or regulatory burden on individuals,
healthcare providers, health insurers, or manufacturers of pharmaceuticals or medical devices. 

24 

A
second Executive Order signed in 2017 terminates the cost-sharing subsidies that reimburse insurers under the ACA. Several state Attorneys
General filed suit to stop the administration from terminating the subsidies, but their request for a restraining order was denied by
a federal judge in California on October 25, 2017. The loss of the cost share reduction payments is expected to increase premiums on
certain policies issued by qualified health plans under the ACA. Congress continues to consider subsequent legislation to replace elements
of the Affordable Care Act or to repeal it entirely. It is unclear whether new legislation modifying the Affordable Care Act will be
enacted, and, if so, precisely what the new legislation will provide, when it will be enacted and what impact it will have on the availability
of healthcare and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. We plan to continue to evaluate the effect that the Affordable Care
Act and its possible repeal and replacement may have on our business. 

Further,
the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, recently proposed regulations that would give states greater flexibility in
setting benchmarks for insurers in the individual and small group marketplaces, which may have the effect of relaxing the essential health
benefits required under the ACA for plans sold through such marketplaces. On November 30, 2018, CMS announced a proposed rule that would
amend the Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D prescription drug benefit regulations to reduce out of pocket costs for plan enrollees
and allow Medicare plans to negotiate lower rates for certain drugs. Among other things, the proposed rule changes would allow Medicare
Advantage plans to use pre-authorization (PA) and step therapy (ST) for six protected classes of drugs, with certain exceptions, permit
plans to implement PA and ST in Medicare Part B drugs; and change the definition of negotiated prices while a definition
of price concession in the regulations. It is unclear whether these proposed changes we be accepted, and if so, what effect
such changes will have on our business. 

There
has also been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has
resulted in several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed bills designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product
pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies
for pharmaceutical products. Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in enacting legislation and
implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts,
restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage
importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Beyond challenges to the ACA, other legislative measures have also been enacted
that may impose additional pricing and product development pressures on our business. For example, on May 30, 2018, the Right to Try
Act, was signed into law. The law, among other things, provides a federal framework for certain patients to access certain investigational
new drug products that have completed a Phase I clinical trial and that are undergoing investigation for FDA approval. Under certain
circumstances, eligible patients can seek treatment without enrolling in clinical trials and without obtaining FDA permission under the
FDA expanded access program. There is no obligation for a drug manufacturer to make its drug products available to eligible patients
as a result of the Right to Try Act, but the manufacturer must develop an internal policy and respond to patient requests according to
that policy. We expect that additional foreign, federal and state healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which
could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in limited
coverage and reimbursement and reduced demand for our products, once approved, or additional pricing pressures. 

There
have been, and likely will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals at the national level in the U.S. and other jurisdictions
globally, as well as at some regional, state and/or local levels within the U.S. or other jurisdictions, directed at broadening the availability
of healthcare and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. Such reforms could have an adverse effect on anticipated revenues from
product candidates that we may successfully develop and for which we may obtain marketing approval and may affect our overall financial
condition and ability to develop product candidates. 

Additional
Regulation 

In
addition to the foregoing, state, and federal laws regarding environmental protection and hazardous substances, including the Occupational
Safety and Health Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, and the Toxic Substances Control Act, affect our business. These and
other laws govern the use, handling, and disposal of various biologic, chemical, and radioactive substances used in, and wastes generated
by, operations. If our operations result in contamination of the environment or expose individuals to hazardous substances, we could
be liable for damages and governmental fines. Equivalent laws have been adopted in third countries that impose similar obligations. 

25 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2023, we have two employees. None of our employees are represented by a labor union, and none of our employees has entered
into a collective bargaining agreement with us. We consider our employee relations to be good. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

Our
mailing address is 7778 Mcginnis Ferry Rd., Ste 270, Suwanee, GA 30024, which is a mailbox provided by an officer of the Company, we
currently do not maintain a corporate office. Our telephone number is (972) 891-8033. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

We
know of no legal proceedings to which we are a party or to which any of our property is the subject which are pending, threatened or
contemplated or any unsatisfied judgments against us. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

26 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink under the symbol VICP and there is no established public trading market for the
class of common equity. 

The
following table includes the high and low bids for our common stock for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Period Fiscal Year 2023 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter (January 1, 2023 March 31, 2023) 
 1.00 
 1.00 
 
 Second Quarter (April 1, 2023 June 30, 2023) 
 1.00 
 1.00 
 
 Third Quarter (July 1, 2023 September 30, 2023) 
 1.00 
 1.00 
 
 Fourth Quarter (October 1, 2021 December 31, 2021) 
 1.00 
 3.00 

Period Fiscal Year 2022 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter (January 1, 2022 March 31, 2022) 
 8.00 
 2.00 
 
 Second Quarter (April 1, 2022 June 30, 2022) 
 2.60 
 0.85 
 
 Third Quarter (July 1, 2022 September 30, 2022) 
 2.52 
 1.00 
 
 Fourth Quarter (October 1, 2022 December 31, 2022) 
 1.00 
 1.00 

These
prices do not represent the fair market value of our common stock. The most recent sale of our common stock pursuant
to a Private Placement Memorandum was on April 12, 2023 at a price of 0.25. 

Holders 

As
of September 24, 2024, there are 32,071,299 shares of common stock outstanding, held by 300 record holders of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends to date and do not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the current
intention of management to utilize all available funds for the development of our business. 

Securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans 

None. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

Our
Transfer Agent is Issuer Direct Corporation located at One Glenwood Avenue, Suite 1001, Raleigh, NC 27603 

27 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The
table set forth below reflects discloses all unregistered shares issued by the Company during each of the last two fiscal years, including
any sales of reacquired securities, as well as new issues, securities issued in exchange for property, services, or other securities,
and new securities resulting from the modification of outstanding securities. 

Date of 
 Transaction 
 Transaction 
 type 
 Number of 
 shares issued 
 Class of 
 Securities 
 Were the shares issued at a discount 
 Individual/Entity shares were issued to 
 Reasons for 
 issuance 

1/13/2022 
 New 
 4,800,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Bonderman Family Limited Partnership 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 2,400,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 ADEC Private Equity Investments LLC 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 180,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 John J. Beverly P. Monaco 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 270,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Steve Gorlin 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 120,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Thomas E. Hills 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 120,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 JLVA LLC 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 30,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Nonodecs, GP 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 78,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Elliot Bibi 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 30,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Frank J.B. Varallo Irrevocable Trust DTD 10/6/86 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 78,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Isaac Franco 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 30,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Joseph F. DeCosimo 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 60,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 JSL Kids Partners 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 30,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 JWP Holdings LLC 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 24,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Mark Poznansky 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 240,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 NASC Investments, LLC 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 60,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Neil Kleinhandler 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 60,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Patricia Shea 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 300,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Peter Gerhard 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 30,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Robert F. DeCosimo 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 60,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 RSG (US Holdings) Limited Partnership 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 30,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 SSBP Corp. 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 150,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Stephen R. Banks 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 30,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Summerfield Group, GP 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 150,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Virginia E. Dadey 
 Conversion 
 
 1/13/2022 
 New 
 1,080,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Ypsilon Biotech, LLC 
 Conversion 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 600,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 ADEC Private Equity Investments LLC 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 1,200,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Bonderman Family Limited Partnership 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 150,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Steve Gorlin 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 60,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 JLVA LLC 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 24,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Mark Poznansky 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 1,080,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Ypsilon Biotech, LLC 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 300,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Peter Gerhard 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 78,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Isaac Franco 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 78,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Elliot Bibi 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 30,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 JWP Holdings LLC 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 60,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 JSL Kids Partners 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 60,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 RSG (US Holdings) Limited Partnership 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 150,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Stephen R. Banks 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 240,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 NASC Investments, LLC 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 150,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Virginia E. Dadey 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 30,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 SSBP Corp. 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 30,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Frank J.B. Varallo Irrevocable Trust DTD 10/6/86 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 30,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Joseph F. DeCosimo 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 30,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Nonodecs, GP 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 30,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Robert F. DeCosimo 
 Antidilution 
 
 3/28/2022 
 New 
 30,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Summerfield Group, GP 
 Antidilution 
 
 7/18/2022 
 New 
 100,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Harry Franco 
 Warrant Exercise 
 
 4/4/2023 
 New 
 200,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Mark Chraime 
 Investment 
 
 4/10/2023 
 New 
 60,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Harry Franco 
 Investment 
 
 4/10/2023 
 New 
 140,000 
 Common 
 Yes 
 Isaac Franco 
 Invesment 

28 

The
securities referend above were issued solely to accredited investors in reliance on the exemption from registration afforded
by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). All proceeds received in exchange for
issuance of these shares were used for general corporate working capital. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements of our Company and notes thereto included elsewhere
in this report. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

The
following information specifies certain forward-looking statements of the management of our Company. Forward-looking statements are statements
that estimate the happening of future events and are not based on historical fact. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the
use of forward-looking terminology, such as may, shall, could, expect, estimate, 
 anticipate, predict, probable, possible, should, continue, 
or similar terms, variations of those terms or the negative of those terms. The forward-looking statements in this annual report on Form
10-K have been compiled by our management on the basis of assumptions made by management and considered by management to be reasonable.
Our future operating results, however, are impossible to predict and no representation, guaranty, or warranty is to be inferred from
those forward-looking statements. 

All
forward-looking statements in this annual report on Form 10-K are based on information available to us as of the date of this annual
report on Form 10-K, and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 

29 

Business
Overview 

Product
Distribution Corp. On August 19, 1998, the Company changed its name to Phage Therapeutics International, Inc. On November 13, 2007, the
Company changed its name to SSGI, Inc. On December 22, 2017, pursuant to a Share Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement by and among VLS, Michael W. Yurkowsky, ViCapsys, Inc. VI and the shareholders of VI, a private company, VI became a
wholly owned subsidiary of VLS. We refer to VLS and VI together as the Company . VLS serves as the holding company for VI.
Other than its interest in VI, VLS does not have any material assets or operations. 

Per
the schedule 14C filed on May 17, 2022, on April 22, 2022, stockholders of the Company approved a reverse split in the range from 1-for-2
to 1-for-50, with the Board of Directors able to pick the ratio or abandon the split. The split is subject to FINRA clearance and filing
with Secretary of State. As of the date of this filing, such split has not occurred. 

The
Company s strategy is to develop and commercialize, on a worldwide basis, various intellectual property rights (patents, patent
applications, know how, etc.) relating to a series of encapsulated products that incorporate proprietary derivatives of the chemokine
CXCL12 for creating a zone of immunoprotection around cells, tissues, organs and devices for therapeutic purposes. The product name VICAPSYN 
is the Company s proprietary product line that is applied to transplantation therapies and related stem-cell applications in the
transplantation field. 

Results
of Operations 

The
Year Ended December 31, 2023 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Revenues 

The
Company did not have any revenues for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Expenses 

Operating
expenses consist of personnel costs, research and development expenses, professional fees, travel expenses and general and administrative
expenses. Our total operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023, were 1,046,978 compared to 984,790 for the year ended
December 31, 2022, an increase of 62,189. The increase was primarily a result of increase in professional
fees paid in 2023 in connection with the Company s efforts to complete an up listing to NASDAQ. Research and development costs
increased slightly to 15,267 for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 13,097 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Year-over
year increases in general and administrative expenses of 36,233 and personnel costs of 140,167 was primarily due to the increase in
costs to operate as a publicly traded company as well as a 10,833 monthly increase in Director fees for our CEO commencing in January
2023. 

Other
Expenses 

The
Company incurred 19,969 and 115,165, respectively, in interest expense and financing costs related to a financing agreement for a D O
insurance policy as well as securing a short-term note payable in June 2023. There was no other income or other expenses for the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

Net
Loss 

As
a result of the foregoing, the Company had a net loss of 1,182,112 for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to a net operating
loss of 984,790 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

30 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
Company is not currently generating revenues. At December 31, 2023, we had 9,422 cash on hand, a working capital deficit of 1,928,682
and an accumulated deficit of 16,300,075. 

In
April 2023, the Company entered into Security Purchase Agreements SPA s) with select accredited investors in connection
with a private offering by the Company to raise a maximum of 300,000 through the sale of shares of common stock at 0.25 per share.
The Company has raised an aggregate amount of 100,000 as of the date of these consolidated financial statements. We also secured a short-term
convertible loan in June 2023 for 330,000 which contained separately an original issuance discount of 26,400. 

From
this short-term convertible loan, we received net proceeds of 290,350. The short-term convertible loan was also issued with a debt discount
of 115,000 that was paid in shares of common stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received proceeds totaling 50,000 and issued 100,000 shares of common stock pursuant to
the exercise of warrants at 0.50 per share. 

We
will require additional capital to meet our liquidity needs and do not believe that we have enough cash on hand to operate our business
during the next 12 months. We anticipate we will need to raise an additional 1 million through the issuance of debt or equity securities
to sustain base operations during the next 12 months, excluding development work. To the extent that we raise additional capital through
the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interests of our common stockholders will be diluted, and the terms
of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our common stockholder. Debt financing,
if available, may involve agreements that include conversion discounts or covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific
actions, such as incurring debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through government
or other third-party funding, marketing and distribution arrangements or other collaborations, or strategic alliances or licensing arrangements
with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our future revenue streams, products or therapeutic candidates or to
grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. These conditions, as well as our recurring losses from operations, deficit in
equity, and the need to raise additional capital to fund operations, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. This going concern could impair our ability to finance our operations through the sale of debt or equity securities. 

To
date, we have financed our operations through our sale of equity and debt securities. Failure to generate revenue or to raise funds could
cause us to go out of business, which would result in the complete loss of your investment. 

We
did not generate revenues from operations for the year ended December 31, 2023, and no substantial revenues are anticipated until we
have implemented our full plan of operations. To implement our strategy to grow and expand per our business plan, we intend to generate
working capital via private placements of equity or debt securities, or to secure one or more loans. If we are unsuccessful in raising
capital, we could be required to cease business operations and investors would lose all of their investment. 

Additionally,
we will have to meet all the financial disclosure and reporting requirements associated with being a publicly reporting company. This
additional corporate governance time required of management could limit the amount of time management has to implement our business plan
and may impede the speed of our operations. 

Operating
Activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, net cash used in operating activities was (417,524), which primarily consisted of our net loss of
 1,182,112, adjusted for non-cash expenses of 115,165 of amortization and 20,697 of stock-based compensation expense. Net changes of
 628,809 in operating assets and liabilities increased the cash used in operating activities. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 238,197, which primarily consisted of our net loss of 984,790
adjusted for non-cash expenses of 31,289 of amortization, 340,231 impairment loss, and 105,650 of stock-based compensation expense. 

31 

Investing
Activities 

There
were no investing activities from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Financing
Activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities was 412,849 and consisted of the payment of deferred offering
costs of 50,441, offset by proceeds received totaling
 100,000 received from the issuance of 400,000 shares of common stock pursuant to the sell of common stock through a private placement
of at 0.25 per share. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was 34,999 and consisted of the payment of deferred offering
costs of 15,001, offset by proceeds received totaling
 50,000 received from the issuance of 100,000 shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of warrants at 0.50 per share. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2023, there were no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ).
The preparation of these consolidated financial statements and related disclosures requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate, on an
ongoing basis, our estimates and judgments, including those related to the useful life of the assets. We base our estimates on historical
experience and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from
these estimates. 

The
methods, estimates and judgments we use in applying our most critical accounting policies have a significant impact on the results that
we report in our consolidated financial statements. The SEC considers an entity s most critical accounting policies to be those
policies that are both most important to the portrayal of a company s financial condition and results of operations and those that
require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about matters
that are inherently uncertain at the time of estimation. 

We
believe the following critical accounting policies, among others, require significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation
of our interim condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Basis
of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The consolidated financial statements of the
Company include the consolidated accounts of VLS and VI, its wholly owned subsidiary. All intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Emerging
Growth Company 

The
Company qualifies as an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended (the
 JOBS Act ). Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition
period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. As an emerging growth
company, the Company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise. 

32 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant
estimates for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 include impairment of intangible assets, valuation allowance for deferred tax
asset and non-cash equity transactions and stock-based compensation. 

Cash 

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original term of three months or less to be cash equivalents. These investments
are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. The Company held no cash equivalents as of December 31, 2023, and 2022. Cash balances
may, at certain times, exceed federally insured limits. If the amount of a deposit at any time exceeds the federally insured amount at
a bank, the uninsured portion of the deposit could be lost, in whole or in part, if the bank were to fail. 

Intangible
Assets 

Costs
for intangible assets are accounted for through the capitalization of those costs incurred in connection with developing or obtaining
such assets. Capitalized costs are included in intangible assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company s intangible assets
consist of costs incurred in connection with securing an Exclusive Patent License Agreement with The General Hospital Corporation, d/b/a
Massachusetts General Hospital MGH ), as amended (the License Agreement ). These costs are being amortized
over the term of the License Agreement which is based on the remaining life of the related patents being licensed. 

As
of December 31, 2022, due to the combination of not having met certain due diligence requirements per the License Agreement, and the
Company not raising sufficient capital necessary to maintain regular research and development activities in 2022, the Company reviewed
the MGH license agreement for possible impairment. The Company concluded an impairment of the License Agreement existed due to there
being no projected undiscounted future net cash flows derived from the asset (See Note 4). 

Long-Lived
Assets 

The
Company recognizes impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted
cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets carrying values. Management has reviewed the Company s
long-lived assets for the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, and concluded an impairment of the License Agreement existed as of
December 31, 2022 due to there being no projected undiscounted future net cash flows derived from the asset (See Note 4). 

Equity
Method Investment 

The
Company accounts for investments in which the Company owns more than 20 or has the ability to exercise significant influence of the
investee, using the equity method in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 323, Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures . Under the equity method,
an investor initially records an investment in the stock of an investee at cost and adjusts the carrying amount of the investment to
recognize the investor s share of the earnings or losses of the investee after the date of acquisition. The amount of the adjustment
is included in the determination of net income by the investor, and such amount reflects adjustments similar to those made in preparing
consolidated statements including adjustments to eliminate intercompany gains and losses, and to amortize, if appropriate, any difference
between investor cost and underlying equity in net assets of the investee at the date of investment. 

33 

The
investment of an investor is also adjusted to reflect the investor s share of changes in the investee s capital. Dividends
received from an investee reduce the carrying amount of the investment. A series of operating losses of an investee or other factors
may indicate that a decrease in value of the investment has occurred which is other than temporary, and which should be recognized even
though the decrease in value is in excess of what would otherwise be recognized by application of the equity method. 

In
accordance with ASC 323-10-35-20 through 35-22, the investor ordinarily shall discontinue applying the equity method if the investment
(and net advances) is reduced to zero and shall not provide for additional losses unless the investor has guaranteed obligations of the
investee or is otherwise committed to provide further financial support for the investee. An investor shall, however, provide for additional
losses if the imminent return to profitable operations by an investee appears to be assured. For example, a material, nonrecurring loss
of an isolated nature may reduce an investment below zero even though the underlying profitable operating pattern of an investee is unimpaired.
If the investee subsequently reports net income, the investor shall resume applying the equity method only after its share of that net
income equals the share of net losses not recognized during the period the equity method was suspended. 

Equity
and cost method investments are classified as investments. The Company periodically evaluates its equity and cost method investments
for impairment due to declines considered to be other than temporary. If the Company determines that a decline in fair value is other
than temporary, then a charge to earnings is recorded as an impairment loss in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

ASC
825, Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments, requires disclosure of fair value information about financial
instruments. ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in U.S.
GAAP, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions
and pertinent information available to management as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

The
carrying amounts of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued
liabilities, payables with related parties, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. 

Revenue
Recognition 

Revenue
recognition is accounted for under ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 and all
the related amendments. 

The
core principle of ASC 606 requires that an entity recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers
in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASC
606 defines a five-step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required
within the revenue recognition process than required under U.S. GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating
the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance
obligation. 

The
Company s contracts with customers are generally on a contract and work order basis and represent obligations that are satisfied
at a point in time, as defined in the new guidance, generally upon delivery or has services are provided. Accordingly,
revenue for each sale is recognized when the Company has completed its performance obligations. Any costs incurred before this point
in time, are recorded as assets to be expensed during the period the related revenue is recognized. 

34 

Stock
Based Compensation 

Stock-based
compensation is accounted for based on the requirements of ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation, 
which requires recognition in the financial statements of the cost of employee, non-employee and director services received in exchange
for an award of equity instruments over the period the employee or director is required to perform the services in exchange for the award
(presumptively, the vesting period). The ASC also requires measurement of the cost of employee and director services received in exchange
for an award based on the grant-date fair value of the award. The Company has elected to recognize forfeitures as they occur, and the
cumulative impact of this change did not have any effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Research
and Development 

Costs
and expenses that can be clearly identified as research and development are charged to expense as incurred. For the years ended December
31, 2023, and 2022, the Company recorded 15,267 and 13,097 of research and development expenses, respectively. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740-10, Income Taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized to
reflect the estimated future tax effects, calculated at the tax rate expected to be in effect at the time of realization. A valuation
allowance related to a deferred tax asset is recorded when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax asset will
not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of the changes in tax laws and rates of the date of
enactment. 

ASC
740-10 prescribes a recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements
and provides guidance on recognition, measurement, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure
and transition issues. Interest and penalties are classified as a component of interest and other expenses. To date, the Company has
not been assessed, nor paid, any interest or penalties. 

Uncertain
tax positions are measured and recorded by establishing a threshold for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax
position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. Only tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold at
the effective date may be recognized or continue to be recognized. 

Earnings
(Loss) Per Share 

The
Company reports earnings (loss) per share in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share. Basic earnings (loss) per share
is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted
earnings per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock, common stock equivalents
and other potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period. As of December 31, 2023, and 2022, the Company s dilutive
securities are convertible into 2,780,682 and 3,397,281 shares of common stock, respectively. This amount is not included in the computation
of dilutive loss per share because their impact is antidilutive. The following table represents the classes of dilutive securities as
of December 31, 2023, and 2022: 

December 31, 2023 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Common stock to be issued 
 
 727,281 
 
 Stock options 
 2,670,000 
 2,670,000 
 
 Convertible debt 
 110,682 
 - 

2,780,682 
 3,397,281 

35 

The
following is management s discussion and analysis of certain significant factors that have affected our financial position and
operating results during the periods included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, as well as information relating
to the plans of our current management. This report includes forward-looking statements. Generally, the words believes, 
 anticipates, may, will, should, expect, intend, estimate, 
 continue, and similar expressions or the negative thereof or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including the matters set forth in this report or other reports
or documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time, which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ
materially from those projected. Undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date
hereof. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements. 

Going
Concern 

The
independent auditors reports on our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 includes
a going concern explanatory paragraph that describes substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans in regard to the factors prompting the explanatory paragraph are discussed below and also in Note 2 to the consolidated
financial statements filed herewith. 

While
our financial statements are presented on the basis that we are a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business over a reasonable length of time, our auditors have raised a substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements including arrangements that would affect our liquidity, capital resources, market risk support
and credit risk support or other benefits. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Reference
is made to the Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules appearing on pages F-1-F-20 of this annual report on Form
10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

A
review and evaluation was performed by the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer (the CEO and Chief Financial Officer (the CFO ), as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that review and evaluation, the CEO and
CFO have concluded that, as of December 31, 2023, disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at ensuring that the material
information required to be disclosed in our reports pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as required in the application of SEC rules and forms. 

36 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a set of processes designed by,
or under the supervision of, a company s principal executive and principal financial officers, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
U.S. GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and disposition of our assets; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with
 U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors;
 and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. It should be noted that
any system of internal control, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the
objectives of the system will be met. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

Our
CEO and CFO have evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as described in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013
framework) . As a result of this evaluation, our management, including our CEO and CFO, concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2023, as described below. 

We
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of evaluation date and identified the
following material weaknesses: 

Insufficient
Resources: We have an inadequate number of personnel with requisite expertise in the key functional areas of finance and accounting. 

Inadequate
Segregation of Duties : We have an inadequate number of personnel to properly implement control procedures. 

Lack
of Audit Committee: We do not have a functioning audit committee, resulting in lack of independent oversight in the establishment
and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures. 

We
are committed to improving the internal controls and will (1) consider using third party specialists to address shortfalls in staffing
and to assist us with accounting and finance responsibilities, (2) increase the frequency of independent reconciliations of significant
accounts which will mitigate the lack of segregation of duties until there are sufficient personnel and (3) may consider appointing additional
outside directors and audit committee members in the future. 

We
have discussed the material weakness noted above with our independent registered public accounting firm. Due to the nature of these material
weaknesses, there is a more than remote likelihood that misstatements which could be material to the annual or interim financial statements
could occur that would not be prevented or detected. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm
pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarters of our fiscal year ended
December 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls
over financial reporting. 

37 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Identification
of directors and executive officers . 

Set
forth below is the name, age, and positions held by our executive officers and directors: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s)
 and Office(s) Held 
 
 Federico
 Pier 
 
 56 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Jeffery
 Wright 
 
 41 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 Charles
 Farrahar 
 
 62 
 
 Director

Colleen
 Delaney 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Dorothy
 Jordan 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 
 Richard
 Rosenblum 
 
 64 
 
 Director 

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed
from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the
board. All officers and directors listed above will remain in office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders, and until their
successors have been duly elected and qualified. 

Set
forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our current executive officers and directors. 

Federico
Pier Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of the Board 

Mr.
Pier was appointed as the Executive Chairman of the Board in May 2019, and has served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer
since August 2020. He is the Managing Director of YPH, LLC, a multifamily office investing in life sciences, energy, and technology.
Mr. Pier has more than 25 years of experience in reverse mergers, structured finance, convertible debt and straight equity. He previously
served as a Senior Director at Oppenheimer Co. and as Managing Director at Bear Stearns. He holds a Bachelors degree from
the University of North Texas and an MBA from the Graduate School of Management at the University of Dallas. 

Jeffery
Wright - Chief Financial Officer 

Mr.
Wright is a Certified Public Accountant who joined the Company in June 2019 as Controller. On February 1, 2020, he was promoted to Chief
Financial Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Wright served as the Controller and Chief Financial Officer for Medovex Corporation
(MDVX), a publicly traded medical device company that was subsequently acquired by H-CYTE Inc. Prior to his career with Medovex Corporation,
Mr. Wright worked as an auditor at Ernst Young within the Assurance Services division, where he managed audits of large 2 billion
to 10 billion annual revenue) publicly-traded companies. Prior to his career in public accounting, Mr. Wright worked as a trading analyst
in the retirement trust services department at Reliance Trust Company, managing the institutional trading desk to settle mutual fund
transactions with the National Securities Clearing Corporation. Mr. Wright holds Master of Professional Accountancy and Bachelor of Business
Administration degrees from the Georgia State University Robinson College of Business and is a member of the Georgia Society of Certified
Public Accountants. 

38 

Dorothy
Jordan Director 

Dr.
Jordan graduated with a B.S. in Nursing from East Stroudsburg University, a Masters in Child Health from Emory University, a Post-Masters
Certificate in Psychiatric Mental Health from Georgia State University, and a Doctor of Nursing Practice from the University of Tennessee
Health Science Center. Dr. Jordan served for many years on the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation board and the Camp Kudzu board.
She currently serves on the advisory board of the Emory University Winship Cancer Institute and the Emory University Child and Adolescent
Mood Program. 

Charlie
Farrahar - Director 

Mr.
Farrahar, age 61, is a certified public accountant with over 30 years of managerial finance, administration, human resource, investor
relations and risk management experience in the public, private and non-profit sectors. Mr. Farrahar served as the Company s original
Chief Financial Officer from its inception in 2014 through its merger with SSGI, Inc. to become a public entity. He has served as Chief
Financial Officer for several small biotech startups in various stages of development and has been involved with their exits or mergers.
Currently, he serves as Chief Financial Officer for Rion LLC, a privately held biotech company headquartered in Rochester, MN that licenses
a platform technology from Mayo Clinic. In the late 1990s, Mr. Farrahar was Chief Financial Officer of Credit Depot Corp (NASDAQ). He
was Chief Financial Officer of Medovex Corp. when it initially went public on Nasdaq in 2014 and was Chief Financial Officer of Roadie,
Inc., when it was purchased by UPS in 2021. 

Dr.
Colleen Delaney - Director 

Dr.
Delaney, age 55, is Scientific Founder and Chief Scientific Officer, Executive Vice President of Research and Development of Deverra
Therapeutics, Inc., a cellular therapy company focused on development of universal donor, off-the-shelf cell therapies for patients with
hematologic malignancies and other critical diseases. Additionally, Dr. Delaney is a stem cell transplant physician and an Affiliate
and former Professor of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Clinical Research Division, where she was PI of an NIH/government
funded laboratory and where she established and became the Director of the Program in Cord Blood Transplant and Cord Blood Research at
the Fred Hutch/Seattle Cancer Care Alliance. Dr. Delaney s research interests focus on the development of methods to expand the
number of umbilical cord blood stem cells and to then direct these cells to further differentiate into mature blood and immune cells
for clinical application. She has more than 20 years of experience in the development of cord blood derived allogeneic cell therapies
from bench to bedside and is an inventor on numerous patents. 

Dr.
Delaney received her MSc from Oxford University and her MD from Harvard Medical School and is the recipient of numerous awards, including
the prestigious Damon Runyon Foundation Clinical Investigator Award, the Dr. Ali Al-Johani Award in recognition of exemplary clinical
medical care and compassion to patients and families, the Seattle Business Journal s Leaders in Health Care Award for Outstanding
Medical Research and the Seattle American Women in Science s Award for the Scientific Advancement and Leadership in STEM. 

Richard
Rosenblum - Director 

Mr.
Rosenblum, age 63, has served as President, Chief Financial Officer and Director of Payment Solutions Inc. since July 22, 2021. Mr. Rosenblum
has also been a member of the Board of Directors of H-Cyte since February 1 2022. Mr. Rosenblum has been, since its founding in 1994,
Chief Executive Officer and Principal at Harborview Capital Advisors LLC, which provided strategic advisory services in the areas of
capital formation, merchant banking and management consulting. Additionally, Mr. Rosenblum has been the owner of Harborview Property
Management for over 25 years, where he invests and manages domestic and international commercial real-estate, and multi-family real-estate
assets. From 2008 to 2014, Mr. Rosenblum was a Director, President and Executive Chairman of Alliqua Biomedical Inc. (NASDAQ: ALQA),
which developed and marketed hydrogel manufacturing technology in the wound care sector. His philanthropic and community-centered activities
include being a founding board member of the Dr. David Feit Memorial Foundation, which for over 15 years raised money for the benefit
and support of youth activities. Since 2018, Mr. Rosenblum has served on the Board of Directors of the Chilton Hospital Foundation. Mr.
Rosenblum graduated Summa Cum Laude from SUNY Buffalo with a B.A. in Finance and Accounting. 

39 

Family
Relationships 

None. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

No
director, executive officer, significant employee or control person of the Company has been involved in any legal proceeding listed in
Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

Corporate
Governance 

Our
Board has not established any committees, including an audit committee, a compensation committee or a nominating committee, or any committee
performing a similar function. The functions of those committees are being undertaken by our Board. Because we do not have any independent
directors, our Board believes that the establishment of committees of our Board would not provide any benefits to our Company and could
be considered more form than substance. 

Given
our relative size and lack of directors and officers insurance coverage, we do not anticipate that any of our stockholders
will submit director nominees in the near future. While there have been no nominations of additional directors proposed, in the event
such a proposal is made, all current members of our Board will participate in the consideration of director nominees. 

As
with most small, early-stage companies, until such time as our Company further develops our business, achieves a revenue base and has
sufficient working capital to purchase directors and officers insurance, we do not have any immediate prospects to attract
independent directors. When we are able to expand our Board to include one or more independent directors, we intend to establish an audit
committee of our Board of Directors. It is our intention that one or more of these independent directors will also qualify as an audit
committee financial expert. Our securities are not quoted on an exchange that has requirements that a majority of our Board members be
independent and we are not currently otherwise subject to any law, rule or regulation requiring that all or any portion of our Board
of Directors include independent directors, nor are we required to establish or maintain an audit committee or other committee
of our Board. 

Code
of Ethics 

Due
to our limited size, we have not yet adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and
employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons
performing similar functions. We intend to adopt a written code of business conduct and ethics in the near future. 

Director
Independence 

None
of the members of our Board of Directors qualifies as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of
The NASDAQ Stock Market NASDAQ ). The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that
the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family
members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our Board has not made a subjective determination as
to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our Board
of Directors made these determinations, our Board would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with
regard to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. 

40 

In
performing the functions of the audit committee, our board oversees our accounting and financial reporting process. In this function,
our board performs several functions. Our board, among other duties, evaluates and assesses the qualifications of the Company s
independent auditors; determines whether to retain or terminate the existing independent auditors; meets with the independent auditors
and financial management of the Company to review the scope of the proposed audit and audit procedures on an annual basis; reviews and
approves the retention of independent auditors for any non-audit services; reviews the independence of the independent auditors; reviews
with the independent auditors and with the Company s financial accounting personnel the adequacy and effectiveness of accounting
and financial controls and considers recommendations for improvement of such controls; reviews the financial statements to be included
in our annual and quarterly reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission; and discusses with the Company s management
and the independent auditors the results of the annual audit and the results of our quarterly financial statements. 

Our
board as a whole will consider executive officer compensation, and our entire board participates in the consideration of director compensation.
Our board as a whole oversees our compensation policies, plans and programs, reviews and approves corporate performance goals and objectives
relevant to the compensation of our executive officers, if any, and administers our equity incentive and stock option plans, if any. 

Each
of our directors participates in the consideration of director nominees. In addition to nominees recommended by directors, our board
will consider nominees recommended by shareholders if submitted in writing to our secretary. Our board believes that any candidate for
director, whether recommended by shareholders or by the board, should be considered on the basis of all factors relevant to our needs
and the credentials of the candidate at the time the candidate is proposed. Such factors include relevant business and industry experience
and demonstrated character and judgment. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our
Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware
law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. Our bylaws also permit us to maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director
or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. 

These
provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors and executive officers, persons who beneficially own more than 10 of
a registered class of the Company s equity securities, and certain other persons to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership
on Forms 3, 4 and 5 with the SEC, and to furnish the Company with copies of the forms. Based solely
on its review of the forms it received, or written representations from reporting persons, except as set forth herein, the Company believes
that all of its directors, executive officers and greater than 10 beneficial owners complied with all such filing requirements during
2021. Messrs. Pier, Wright, Yurkowsky and Potts, and Ms. Jordan previously failed to file required Form 3s. In addition, Bonderman Family
Limited Partnership, ADEC Private Equity Investments LLC, and Massachusetts General Hospital, each of whom is a 10 stockholder, previously
failed to file required Form 3s. 

41 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

2023
Summary Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth information regarding compensation earned in or with respect to our fiscal years 2023 and 2022 for the following
persons (collectively, the named executive officers ): 

(i) 
 our
 principal executive officer or other individual serving in a similar capacity during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023; 

(ii) 
 our
 two most highly compensated executive officers other than our principal executive officers who were serving as executive officers
 at December 31, 2023 whose compensation exceed 100,000; and 

(iii) 
 up
 to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the individual was not serving as
 an executive officer at December 31, 2023. 

Name 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Federico Pier 
 2023 
 250,000 
 - 
 - 
 250,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer) 
 2022 
 120,000 
 - 
 - 
 120,000 

Jeffrey Wright 
 2023 
 90,000 
 - 
 - 
 90,000 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 90,000 
 - 
 - 
 90,000 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

Except
as otherwise described below, there are no compensatory plans or arrangements, including payments to be received from the Company with
respect to any named executive officer, that would result in payments to such person because of his or her resignation, retirement or
other termination of employment with the Company, or our subsidiaries, any change in control, or a change in the person s responsibilities
following a change in control of the Company. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards At 2023 Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table presents information concerning unexercised options and unvested restricted stock awards for the named executive officer
outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 

Option Awards 
 
 Name 
 Grant Date (1) 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Federico Pier 
 6/14/19 
 250,000 
 - 
 - 
 0.25 
 6/14/29 
 
 Federico Pier 
 8/10/22 
 - 
 250,000 
 - 
 0.25 
 8/10/32 
 
 Jeff Wright 
 8/10/22 
 - 
 150,000 
 - 
 0.25 
 8/10/32 

42 

Executive
Officer Compensation - Employment Agreements 

On
January 1, 2023, Vicapsys Life Sciences, Inc. (the Company entered into that certain Employment Agreement (the Pier
Agreement ), dated as of January 1, 2023, by and between the Company and Federico Pier, the Company s Chief Executive Officer
and Executive Chairman of the Board. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Pier Agreement, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Pier an annual base salary of 250,000 for his services as Chief Executive
Officer. Mr. Pier s base salary is subject to review annually by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board and may be increased, but not decreased. Mr. Pier will not receive any compensation for his services as a member of the Board. 

In
addition, Mr. Pier is eligible to receive an annual cash bonus of up to 100 of his annual base salary upon achievement of performance
objectives to be determined by the Board or its compensation committee in consultation with Mr. Pier. 

Also,
Mr. Pier will have earned and will be paid a one-time cash bonus in a gross amount equal to 100,000 if either of the following triggering
events occurs during the Term (as hereinafter defined): 

The
 Company s common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange; or 

The
 Company secures and receives financing of at least 8 million. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Pier Agreement, the Company also agreed to issue to Mr. Pier a restricted stock unit award containing the following
terms: Mr. Pier will receive shares of common stock of the Company (i) representing 1 of the Company s fully diluted equity as
of the payment date (the Initial Equity Payment if the Company achieves a market capitalization of at least 250 million
for 60 consecutive days during the term of the Pier Agreement (the Initial Market Capitalization Target and (ii) representing
the difference between 2 of the Company s fully diluted equity as of the payment date and the amount of Initial Equity Payment
(the Subsequent Equity Payment and, together with Initial Equity Payment, Equity Payments if the Company
achieves a market capitalization of at least 500 million for 60 consecutive days during the Term (the Subsequent Market Capitalization
Target and, together with Initial Market Capitalization Target, Market Capitalization Targets ), such that Mr. Pier
has, in the aggregate, received shares of common stock of the Company representing 2 of the Company s fully diluted equity as
of the date of payment of Subsequent Equity Payment. 

Mr.
Pier is also eligible to receive additional equity-based compensation awards as the Company may grant from time to time. 

The
Pier Agreement has a five-year term and will be automatically renewed for successive one-year periods until either party delivers a written
notice of non-renewal at least 30 days prior to the then-effective term (the Term provided that the Term will terminate
prior to any such date (i) immediately upon Mr. Pier s death or Disability (as defined in the Pier Agreement), (ii) on a date of
termination set forth in the Company s written notice of termination for any reason (whether for Cause (as defined in the Pier
Agreement) or without Cause), or (iii) on a date of termination set forth in a written notice of Mr. Pier s resignation. 

Director
Compensation 

Mr.
Federico Pier was named Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors in May 2019. For the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, the
Company recorded expenses of 250,000 and 120,000 for these services. As of December 31, 2023, and 2022, Mr. Pier is owed 310,558 and
 144,000, respectively, of accrued and unpaid director fees, and such amount is included in accounts payable, related parties on the
consolidated balance sheet. 

43 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 1, 2024 for: 

each
 person, or group of affiliated persons, known to us to beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock; 

each
 of our directors; 

each
 of our named executive officers; and 

all
 of our directors and executive officers as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership of our common stock is determined under the rules of the SEC and generally includes any shares over which a person exercises
sole or shared voting or investment power, or of which a person has a right to acquire ownership at any time within 60 days of September
24, 2024. Except as indicated by footnote, and subject to applicable community property laws, we believe the persons identified in the
table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. 

In
the following table, percentage ownership is based on 32,071,299 shares of our common stock. In computing the number of shares of common
stock beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, we deemed to be outstanding all shares of voting securities
subject to options or other convertible securities held by that person or entity that are currently exercisable or releasable or that
will become exercisable or releasable within 60 days of September 24, 2024. We did not deem these shares outstanding, however, for the
purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, the address of each of the following persons is c/o Vicapsys Life Sciences, Inc., 7778 Mcginnis Ferry Rd. #270,
Suwanee, GA 30024. Except as otherwise noted, the persons named in the table have sole voting and dispositive power with respect to all
shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. 

Name and Title: 
 Class of Security 
 Amount of beneficial ownership 
 Percent of Class (1) 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors: 

Jeffery Wright, Chief Financial Officer 
 Common Stock (4) 
 150,000 

Federico Pier 
 Common Stock (3) 
 1,105,785 
 3.4 

Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Charles Farrahar, Director 
 Common Stock 
 450,000 
 1.4 

Richard Rosenblum, Director 
 Common Stock 
 0 
 0 

Dorothy Jordan, Director 
 Common Stock (2) 
 212,500 

Colleen Delaney 
 Common Stock 
 0 
 0 

All Executive Officers and Directors (6 persons) 
 Common Stock (2,3,4) 
 1.918.285 
 19.9 

More than 5 Beneficial Owners: 

Bonderman Family Limited Partnership (5) 
 Common Stock 
 6,070,588 
 18.9 

ADEC Private Equity Investments LLC (6) 
 Common Stock 
 3,135,294 
 9.8 

Massachusetts General Hospital (7) 
 Common Stock 
 3,582,880 
 11.2 

Less
than 1 . 

(1) 
 Based
 on 32,071,299 shares of common stock outstanding as of September 24, 2024. 

(2) 
 Includes
 100,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of vested options. 

(3) 
 Includes
 500,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of vested options. 

(4) 
 Includes
 150,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of vested options. 

(5) 
 Leonard
 Potter has voting and dispositive control over the Bonderman Family Limited Partnership. The address of the Bonderman Family Limited
 Partnership is 301 Commerce Street, Suite 3300, Fort Worth, TX 76102. 

(6) 
 E.
 Burke Ross has voting and dispositive control over the ADEC Private Equity Investments, LLC. 

(7) 
 Emile
 Braun has voting control and dispositive control over Massachusetts General Hospital. 

44 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

SEC
regulations define the related person transactions that require disclosure to include any transaction, arrangement or relationship in
which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of the Company s total assets at year-end for the
last two completed fiscal years in which we were or are to be a participant and in which a related person had or will have a direct or
indirect material interest. A related person is: (i) an executive officer, director or director nominee of the company, (ii) a beneficial
owner of more than 5 of our common stock, (iii) an immediate family member of an executive officer, director or director nominee or
beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock, or (iv) any entity that is owned or controlled by any of the foregoing persons
or in which any of the foregoing persons has a substantial ownership interest or control. 

In
addition to the executive officer and director compensation arrangements discussed in Executive Compensation, the following
is a description of all related person transactions that occurred during the period from January 1, 2023, through December 31, 2023,
and any currently proposed transaction (the Reporting Period ). 

Consulting
Agreements 

On
November 5, 2021, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement (the Poznansky Agreement with Mark Poznansky, MD, a
minority stockholder and former Director. The Company engaged Dr. Poznansky to render consulting services with respect to informing,
guiding, and supervising the development of antagonists to immune repellents or anti-fugetaxins for the treatment of cancer. The initial
term of the Poznansky Agreement was for six months (the Initial Term ), which was extended indefinitely, and the Company
agreed to pay the Consultant 2,000 per month commencing November 5, 2021, with consideration for an increase in the monthly fee following
the completion for the Company s successful up listing to the NASDAQ Stock Market. The Company incurred a total of 24,000 in expenses
for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 related to the Poznansky Agreement, which is included in professional fees on the consolidated
statements of operations. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, 41,500 and 26,000, respectively, is included in accounts payable, related
parties, on the consolidated balance sheets, related to the Poznansky Agreement. 

On
January 1, 2022, the Company entered into a consulting agreement (the Toneguzzo Agreement with Frances Toneguzzo, Ph.D.,
the Company s former CEO. Pursuant to the one-year term of the Toneguzzo Agreement in exchange for services in leading the research
and development teams and laboratory work, the consultant was to receive 5,000 per month. The Company did not incur any expenses related
to the Toneguzzo Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company incurred a total of 60,000 in expenses for the year ended
December 31, 2022 related to the Toneguzzo Agreement, which is included in professional fees on the consolidated statements of operations.
As of December 31, 2023, 40,000 is included in accounts payable, related parties, on the consolidated balance sheet related to the Toneguzzo
Agreement. 

45 

On
January 12, 2022, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement (the Donohoe Agreement with Donohoe Advisory Associates,
LLC. (the Consultant ). The Company engaged the Consultant to provide assistance and advice to the Company in support of
the Company s efforts to obtain a listing on a national securities exchange. The Company agreed to pay the Consultant a retainer
fee of 17,500, which was to be applied to the Company s monthly invoices until such time as the retainer fee is exhausted or the
engagement under the agreement ends. The Company incurred 11,960 and 10,680, respectively, in expenses for the year ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, which are included in professional fees on the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2023 and
2022, 1,755 and 0, respectively, is included in accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheets related to the Donohoe agreement.
As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance of the retainer paid to the Consultant was 6,820 and is included in prepaid expenses
on the consolidated balance sheet. If the Company is successful in listing on an exchange, the Company will be obligated to pay a success
fee to the Consultant of either 10,000 or that number of registered common shares equivalent to 10,000 divided by the closing
price of the Company s common stock on the last day of trading on the OTC Market. The form of the success fee will be determined
by the Company. 

On
March 7, 2022, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement (the Alpha Agreement with Alpha IR Group, LLC. (the Consultant ).
The Company engaged the Consultant to provide consulting, investor relations, and corporate and transaction communication related services.
The initial term of the Consulting Agreement was for three months (the Initial Term beginning March 1, 2022, and the Company
agreed to pay compensation equal to the sum of 50,000 payable in cash or stock options for the three months of service. The Company
incurred 16,500 and 50,000, respectively, in expenses for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, which are included in professional
fees on the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the balance owed to the Consultant was 74,000 and
 50,000, respectively, which is included in accounts payable on the condensed balance sheets. 

MGH
License Agreement 

On
May 8, 2013, ViCapsys and The General Hospital Corporation, d/b/a Massachusetts General Hospital MGH entered into a License
Agreement as amended. As partial consideration upon execution of the License Agreement with MGH, the Company issued 3,000,000 shares
of common stock to MGH with an estimated value of 200 which was capitalized as an intangible asset. Due to MGH s current beneficial
ownership of 11.2 of the Company s common stock, the License Agreement is deemed to be a related party transaction. The Company
incurred expenses to MGH of 15,267 and 13,097 for the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. As of December 31, 2023,
there have not been any sales of product or process under this License Agreement. See Item 1. Business; MGH License Agreement. 

Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 360, Property, Plant, and
Equipment ASC 360 requires that a company recognize an impairment loss if, and only if, the carrying amount of a long-lived
asset is not recoverable from the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposal of the asset,
and if the carrying amount exceeds the asset s fair value. Per ASC 360, a long-lived asset should be tested for recoverability
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. As such, d ue
to the combination of not having met certain due diligence requirements per the License, and the Company not raising sufficient capital
necessary to maintain regular research and development activities in 2022 , t he Company reviewed
the MGH license agreement for possible impairment as of December 31, 2022 by evaluating whether the anticipated future benefit of the
license agreement exceeded the carrying value of the intangible asset of approximately 348,000 as of that date. 

The
Company concluded an impairment of the license agreement existed as of December 31, 2022 due to there being no projected undiscounted
future net cash flows derived from the asset. As such, the Company wrote-off the carrying value of the asset as of December 31, 2022. 

46 

Accounts
Payable, related parties and Accrued Salaries, related party 

The
Company incurred director fees of 250,000 and 120,000 for the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively, to Federico Pier,
the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, which are included in personnel costs on the consolidated statements
of operations. As of December 31, 2023, and 2022, 310,558 and 144,000, respectively, of these director fees are included in accounts
payable, related parties, on the consolidated balance sheets. 

The
Company incurred consulting fees of 90,000 for the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively, to Jeff Wright, the Company s
external Chief Financial Officer, which are included in professional fees on the consolidated statements of operations. As of December
31, 2023, and 2022, 158,027 and 99,000, respectively, is included in accounts payable, related parties, on the consolidated balance
sheets. 

In
August 2020, Frances Tonneguzzo, the Company s then-Chief Executive Officer (the former CEO ), tendered her resignation
as CEO. For the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, the Company did not incur any expenses to the former CEO. As of December 31,
2023 and 2022, 115,312 of unpaid salary to the former CEO is included in accrued salaries, related party on the consolidated balance
sheets. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
following table presents fees for professional services billed or to be billed by D. Brooks and Associates, CPAs, and Assurance Dimensions
for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022,
as well as fees billed for other services rendered by D. Brooks and Associates, CPAs, and Assurance Dimensions, during those periods. 

Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 62,500 
 42,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 
 6,300 

Total Fees 
 68,800 
 42,000 

(1) 
 Audit
 Fees are fees paid for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company s annual consolidated financial statements
 and reviews of the Company s interim unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

Our
Board of Directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and
approved by our Board of Directors before the respective services were rendered. 

Our
Board of Directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent registered public accounting firm and believe
that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining their respective independence. 

47 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 1. 
 Financial
 Statements 

The
 financial statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are listed in the Index to Financial Statements
 and Schedules on page F-1 and included on pages F-2 to F-21 of this annual report on Form 10-K 

2. 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules 

All
 schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission are either not required under the related instructions, are not applicable (and therefore have been omitted), or the required disclosures
 are contained in the financial statements included herein. 

3. 
 Exhibits
 (including those incorporated by reference). 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Investment and Restructuring Agreement, dated April 11, 2019, by and among ViCapsys Life Sciences, Inc., ViCapsys, Inc, YPH, LLC, Stephen McCormack, Steve Gorlin, Charles Farrahar, Athens Encapsulation Inc., and the Additional Investors. 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant filed on July 8, 1997 
 
 3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated August 19, 1998 
 
 3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated March 18, 1999 
 
 3.4 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated November 13, 2007 
 
 3.5 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant filed on January 15, 2008 
 
 3.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant filed on April 28, 2009 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amendment to Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant filed on September 13, 2017 
 
 3.8 
 
 Amendment with Certificate of Designations for Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock filed on December 17, 2017 
 
 3.9 
 
 Articles of Correction filed on December 27, 2017 
 
 3.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant 
 
 10.1 
 
 Exclusive Patent License Agreement, dated May 8, 2013, between ViCapsys, Inc. and The General Hospital Corporation d/b/a Massachusetts General Hospital 
 
 10.2 
 
 First Amendment, dated January 22, 2014, to the Exclusive Patent License Agreement, dated May 8, 2013, between ViCapsys, Inc. and The General Hospital Corporation d/b/a Massachusetts General Hospital 
 
 10.3 
 
 Second Amendment, dated May 6, 2014, to the Exclusive Patent License Agreement, dated May 8, 2013, between ViCapsys, Inc. and The General Hospital Corporation d/b/a Massachusetts General Hospital 
 
 10.4 
 
 Third Amendment, dated August 25, 2014, to the Exclusive Patent License Agreement, dated May 8, 2013, between ViCapsys, Inc. and The General Hospital Corporation d/b/a Massachusetts General Hospital 
 
 10.5 
 
 Fourth Amendment, dated December 1, 2014 ,to the Exclusive Patent License Agreement, dated May 8, 2013, between ViCapsys, Inc. and The General Hospital Corporation d/b/a Massachusetts General Hospital 
 
 10.6 
 
 Fifth Amendment, dated October 22, 2016, to the Exclusive Patent License Agreement, dated May 8, 2013, between ViCapsys, Inc. and The General Hospital Corporation d/b/a Massachusetts General Hospital 
 
 10.7 
 
 Sixth Amendment, dated February 16, 2017, to the Exclusive Patent License Agreement, dated May 8, 2013, between ViCapsys, Inc. and The General Hospital Corporation d/b/a Massachusetts General Hospital 
 
 10.8 
 
 Seventh Amendment, dated December 22, 2017, to the Exclusive Patent License Agreement, dated May 8, 2013, between ViCapsys, Inc. and The General Hospital Corporation d/b/a Massachusetts General Hospital 
 
 10.9 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated December 22, 2017, by and among ViCapsys Life Sciences, Inc., Michael W. Yurkowsky, ViCapsys, Inc., and the shareholders of ViCapsys, Inc. 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(1) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(1) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Section 1350 of 18 U.S.C. 63 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Incorporated by reference to Form 10-12G filed on February 12, 2020. 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

48 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

VICAPSYS
 LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 

Date:
 October 21, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Federico Pier 

Federico
 Pier 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date:
 October 21, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Federico Pier 

Federico
 Pier 

Chief
 Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Date:
 October 21, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jeffery Wright 

Jeffery
 Wright 

Chief
 Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

Date:
 October 21, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Charles Farrahar 

Charles
 Farrahar 

Director 

Date:
 October 21, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Richard Rosenblum 

Richard
 Rosenblum 

Director 

Date:
 October 21, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Dorothy Jordan 

Dorothy
 Jordan 

Director 

Date:
 October 21, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Colleen Delaney 

Colleen
 Delaney 

Director 

49 

VICAPSYS
LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8-F-21 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of Vicapsys Life Sciences, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Vicapsys Life Sciences, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2023, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flow for the period ended December 31,
2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows the year ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph- Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 of the financial statements the Company experienced a net loss of 1,182,112 for the year ended December 31, 2023, had a working capital
deficit of 1,928,681 and an accumulated deficit of 16,300,075 as of December 31, 2023. This gives rise to substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months after the issuance of these financial statements.
Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

 We
determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. 

October
 21, 2024 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of Vicapsys Life Sciences, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Vicapsys Life Sciences, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and the
related consolidated statement of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the
related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). 

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as
of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt Regarding Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred operating losses, used cash in operations, has a working
capital deficit, and has a significant accumulated deficit. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan regarding these matters are also described in Note 2 to the consolidated
financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

D.
Brooks and Associates CPAs, P.A. 

We
have served as the Company s auditors since 2019. 

 Palm Beach Gardens, Florida 

 April
14, 2023 

F- 3 

VICAPSYS
LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 2023 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid Expenses 

Deferred offering costs 
 - 

Total Current Assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable, related parties 

Accrued salaries, related parties 

Short-term note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock; par value ; shares authorized; - - shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock; par value ; shares authorized; - - shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Convertible Preferred Stock, value 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value ; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Common stock to be issued, par value ;- - and shares outstanding, respectively 
 - 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

VICAPSYS
LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenues 
 - 
 - 

Operating Expenses: 

Personnel costs 

Research and development expenses, related party 

Professional fees 

Impairment loss 
 - 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other Expenses: 

Interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Financing costs 
 
 - 
 
 Total other expenses 
 
 - 

Loss before income taxes 

Income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 

Deemed dividend on warrant modification 
 - 

Net loss available to common stockholders 

Net loss per common share: 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

VICAPSYS
LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Series B Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Common Stock to be Issued 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance January 1, 2022 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for common stock to be issued 

Common stock issued from warrant exercise 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Deemed dividend on warrant modification 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2022 

Balance 

Common stock issued pursuant to private placement completed in April 2023 

Common stock issued per loan commitment 

Common stock issued from common stock to be issued 

Common stock cancelled from common stock to be issued 

Common stock issued pursuant to private placement completed in 2018 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2023 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Balance 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

VICAPSYS
LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of intangible asset 

Impairment loss 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid Expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable, related parties 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 
 - 

Deferred offering costs 

Proceeds from sale of common stock in a private placement 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from short-term note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from short-term convertible note 
 
 - 
 
 Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 

Net Increase (decrease) in Cash 

Cash, Beginning of year 

Cash, End of year 

Supplementary Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for interest 
 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for taxes 
 
 - 

Supplementary Non-Cash Financing Activities 

Common stock issued per loan commitment 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred offering costs in accounts payable 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

VICAPSYS
LIFE SCIENCES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2023 and 2022 

, increased the Company s authorized capital stock to shares of common stock,
par value per share, and shares of blank check preferred stock, par value per share. On December
22, 2017, pursuant to a Share Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement by and among VLS, Michael W. Yurkowsky, ViCapsys,
Inc. VI and the shareholders of VI, a private company, VI became a wholly owned subsidiary of VLS. We refer to VLS and
VI together as the Company . VLS serves as the holding company for VI. Other than its interest in VI, VLS does not have
any material assets or operations. 

The
Company s strategy is to develop and commercialize, on a worldwide basis, various intellectual property rights (patents, patent
applications, know how, etc.) relating to a series of encapsulated products that incorporate proprietary derivatives of the chemokine
CXCL12 for creating a zone of immunoprotection around cells, tissues, organs and devices for therapeutic purposes. The product name VICAPSYN 
is the Company s proprietary product line that is applied to transplantation therapies and related stem-cell applications in the
transplantation field. 

for the year ended December 31, 2023, had a working capital deficit of and an accumulated deficit of
 as of December 31, 2023. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern
and to operate in the normal course of business. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the
recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this
uncertainty. 

In
April 2023, the Company entered into Security Purchase Agreements SPA s) with select accredited investors in connection
with a private offering by the Company to raise a maximum of through the sale of shares of common stock at per share. 

The
Company has raised an aggregate amount of as of the date of these consolidated financial statements. The Company also secured
a short-term convertible loan in June 2023 for which contained separately an original issuance discount of . The Company
received proceeds of from the exercise of warrants in 2022. Management intends to raise additional funds in 2024 to support current
operations and extend research and development of its product line. No assurance can be given that the Company will be successful in
this effort. If the Company is unable to raise additional funds in 2024, it will be forced to severely curtail all operations and research
and development activities. 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2023, and 2022. Cash balances
may, at certain times, exceed federally insured limits. If the amount of a deposit at any time exceeds the federally insured amount at
a bank, the uninsured portion of the deposit could be lost, in whole or in part, if the bank were to fail. 

cash exceeded the insured limit at December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

and , respectively, in research and development expenses to a related party. 

and shares of common stock, respectively. This amount is not included in the computation
of dilutive loss per share because their impact is antidilutive. The following table represents the classes of dilutive securities as
of December 31, 2023, and 2022: 

Stock options 

Convertible debt 
 
 - 
 
 Anti-dilutive securities 

, when the intangible asset was acquired. 

Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 360, Property, Plant, and
Equipment ASC 360 requires that a company recognize an impairment loss if, and only if, the carrying amount of a long-lived
asset is not recoverable based on the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposal of the
asset, and if the carrying amount exceeds the asset s fair value. Per ASC 360, a long-lived asset should be tested for recoverability
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. 

As
of December 31, 2022, d ue to the combination of not
having met certain due diligence requirements per the License Agreement, and the Company not raising sufficient capital necessary to
maintain regular research and development activities in 2022 , t he Company reviewed the MGH
license agreement for possible impairment as of December 31, 2022 by evaluating whether the anticipated future benefit and estimated
undiscounted cashflows of the license agreement exceeded the carrying value of the intangible asset of approximately as of that
date. 

The
Company concluded an impairment of the license agreement existed as of December 31, 2022 due to there being no projected undiscounted
future net cash flows derived from the asset. As such, the Company wrote off the carrying value of the asset as of December 31, 2022
and recognized an impairment loss as presented on the statement of operations in operating expenses. 

The
Company recognized and of amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively, which is included
in general and administrative expenses on the statement of operations. The Company recognized of an impairment loss related
to the License Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

per month commencing November 5, 2021, with consideration for an increase in the monthly fee following
the completion for the Company s successful up listing to the NASDAQ Stock Market. The Company incurred a total of in expenses
for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 related to the Poznansky Agreement, which is included in professional fees on the consolidated
statements of operations. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and , respectively, is included in accounts payable, related
parties, on the consolidated balance sheets, related to the Poznansky Agreement. 

Accounts
Payable, Related Parties, and Accrued Salary, Related party 

The
Company incurred director fees of and for the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively, to Federico Pier,
the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, which are included in personnel costs on the consolidated statements
of operations. As of December 31, 2023, and 2022, and , respectively, of these director fees are included in accounts
payable, related parties, on the consolidated balance sheets. 

The
Company incurred consulting fees of for the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively, to Jeff Wright, the Company s
external Chief Financial Officer, which are included in professional fees on the consolidated statements of operations. As of December
31, 2023, and 2022, and , respectively, is included in accounts payable, related parties, on the consolidated balance
sheets. 

In
August 2020, Frances Tonneguzzo, the Company s then-Chief Executive Officer (the former CEO ), tendered her resignation
as CEO. For the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, the Company did not incur any expenses to the former CEO. As of December 31,
2023 and 2022, of unpaid salary to the former CEO is included in accrued salaries, related party on the consolidated balance
sheets. 

MGH
License Agreement 

On
May 8, 2013, VI and MGH, a principal stockholder (see Note 7), entered into the License Agreement, pursuant to which MGH granted to the
Company, in the field of coating and transplanting cells, tissues and devices for therapeutic purposes, on a worldwide basis: (i) an
exclusive, royalty-bearing license under its rights in Patent Rights (as defined in the License Agreement) to make, use, sell, lease,
import and transfer Products and Processes (each as defined in the License Agreement); (ii) a non-exclusive, sub-licensable (solely in
the License Field and License Territory (each as defined in the License Agreement)) royalty-bearing license to Materials (as defined
in the License Agreement) and to make, have made, use, have used, Materials for only the purpose of creating Products, the transfer of
Products and to use, have used and transfer processes; (iii) the right to grant sublicenses subject to and in accordance with the terms
of the License Agreement, and (iv) the nonexclusive right to use technological information (as defined in the License Agreement) disclosed
by MGH to the Company under the License Agreement, all subject to and in accordance with the License Agreement (the License ). 

As
amended by the Eighth Amendment to the License Agreement on March 14, 2022 Effective Date ), which replaces the prior pre-sales
due diligence requirements in their entirety, the License Agreement requires that the Company satisfy the following requirements prior
to the first sale of Products MGH License Milestones ), by certain dates. 

Pre-Sales
Diligence Requirement: 

(x) 
 The
 Company shall provide a detailed business plan and development plan by June 1 st , 2022. As of the date of this filing the
 Company has yet to submit the business and development plan and is negotiating the extension of this requirement with MGH. 

(xi) 
 The
 Company shall raise 
 million in financing by December 1 st , 2022. As of the date of this filing the Company has yet to raise 
 million and is negotiating the extension of this requirement with MGH. 

(xii) 
 The
 Company shall raise an additional million in financing by December 1 st , 2023. As of the date of this filing the Company
 has yet to raise million. 

(xiii) 
 The
 Company shall initiate research regarding the role of CXCL12 in beta cell function and differentiation by January 1 st ,
 2023. 

(xiv) 
 The
 Company shall initiate diabetic non-human primate studies using cadaveric islets encapsulated in the CXCL12 technology by March 1 st ,
 2023. 

(xv) 
 The
 Company shall initiate research regarding other applications of the CXCL12 platform by June 1 st , 2023. 

(xvi) 
 The
 Company shall initiate a Phase I clinical trial of a Product or Process by March 1 st , 2024. 

(xvii) 
 The
 Company shall initiate a Phase II clinical trial of a Product or Process within thirteen (13) years from Effective Date. 

(xviii) 
 The
 Company shall initiate Phase III clinical trial of a Product or Process within sixteen (16) years from Effective Date. 

Additionally,
as amended by the Eighth Amendment to the License Agreement on March 14, 2022, which replaces the prior post-sales due diligence requirements
in their entirety, the License Agreement requires that the Company satisfy the following requirements post-sales of Products MGH
License Milestones ), by certain dates. 

Post-Sales
Diligence Requirements: 

(i) 
 The
 Company shall itself or through an Affiliate or Sublicensee make a First Commercial Sale within the following countries and regions
 in the License Territory within eighteen (18) years after the Effective Date of this Agreement: US and Europe and China or Japan.

(ii)
 
 Following
 the First Commercial Sale in any country in the License Territory, Company shall itself or through its Affiliates and/or Sublicensees
 use commercially reasonable efforts to continue to make Sales in such country without any elapsed time period of one (1) year or
 more in which such Sales do not occur due to lack such efforts by Company. 

In
consideration of the update to the diligence milestones, the Company shall pay the following Annual Minimum Royalty payments: 

(i) 
 Prior
 to the First Commercial Sale, the Company shall pay to MGH a non-refundable annual license fee of ten thousand dollars by June 30, 2022, and on each subsequent anniversary of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date thereafter. The non-refundable annual
 license fee was paid on July 1, 2022. 

(ii)
 
 Following
 the First Commercial Sale, the Company shall pay MGH a non-refundable annual minimum royalty in the amount of one hundred thousand
 dollars United States Dollars per year within sixty (60) days after each annual anniversary of the Effective Date. The
 annual minimum royalty shall be credited against royalties subsequently due on Net Sales made during the same calendar year, if any,
 but shall not be credited against royalties due on Net Sales made in any other year. 

The
License Agreement also requires VI to pay to MGH a royalty rate on net sales related to the first license sub-field, which is the
treatment of Type 1 Diabetes T1D ). Future sub-fields shall carry a reasonable royalty rate, consistent with industry standards,
to be negotiated at the time the first such royalty payment shall become due with respect to the applicable Products and Processes (as
defined in the License Agreement). 

million success payment within 60 days after the first
achievement of total net sales of Product or Process equal to or to exceed 100,000,000 in any calendar year and 4,000,000 within 60
days after the first achievement of total net sales of Product or Process equal or exceed 250,000,000 in any calendar year. The Company
is also required to reimburse MGH s expenses in connection with the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of all Patent
Rights. 

The
License Agreement expires on the later of (i) the date on which all issued patents and filed patent applications within the Patent Rights
have expired (November 2033) or have been abandoned, and (ii) one year after the last sale for which a royalty is due under the License
Agreement. 

The
License Agreement also grants MGH the right to terminate the License Agreement if VI fails to make any payment due under the License
Agreement or defaults in the performance of any of its other obligations under the License Agreement, subject to certain notice and rights
to cure set forth therein. MGH may also terminate the License Agreement immediately upon written notice to VI if VI: (i) shall make an
assignment for the benefit of creditors; or (ii) or shall have a petition in bankruptcy filed for or against it that is not dismissed
within 60 days of filing. 

As
of the date of this filing, this License Agreement remains active and the Company has not received any termination notice from MGH. 

VI
may terminate the License Agreement prior to its expiration by giving 90 days advance written notice to MGH, and upon such termination
shall, subject to the terms of the License Agreement, immediately cease all use and sales of Products and Processes. 

The
Company incurred costs to MGH of and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which
is classified as research and development costs, related party, on the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2023,
and December 31, 2022, and , respectively, is included in accounts payable, related parties, on the consolidated balance
sheets, for services that remain unpaid. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, there have not been any sales of Product or Process under this License Agreement. 

. In connection therewith, on June 27, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement with selected accredited investors whereby the Company had the right to secure the convertible note. The holder has conversion
rights upon event of default and the conversion price is equal to the average of the three lowest prices of the Company s common
stock of the trailing ten days prior to the date conversion of the convertible note. At issuance and at September 30, 2023, the Company
estimated the fair value of the conversion option embedded in the Note and determined its value to be de minimis due to the fact that
settlement into shares of common stock only occurs upon an event of default. If the event of default were triggered this would provide
the Note holder with little upside potential and therefore no value was allocated to the embedded derivative. 

Original
Issuance Discount 

The
principal face value of the loan was 
and was issued with an original issuance discount of 
which resulted in aggregate proceeds of .
The loan carries an interest rate of 
per year, has a default interest rate of 
per year, and a maturity date of . Interest is payable on a monthly basis beginning one month following the issue date. On December 26, 2023, the maturity date of the loan was extended to January 27, 2024. See further discussion under
 Debt Modification section below. 

Following
an event of default, the noteholder has the right to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal, interest, penalties,
and all other amounts under the note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock. Additionally, the noteholders have the
option to convert the 
 original issuance discount, which will accrete
over the life of the loan based on the effective interest method. The convertible note is also presented net of the issuance costs of
 
 which will be amortized over the life of the note,
based on the effective interest method. Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs for the year ended December 31, 2023 was . 

Debt Discount 

To
secure the convertible note, the Company paid a commitment fee of by issuing shares of the Company s common stock.
See Note 8. The convertible note is also presented net of the debt discount of which represents the relative fair value of the
common stock issued as of December 31, 2023, which will accrete over the life of the convertible note. Interest expense incurred related
to the debt discount for the year ended December 31, 2023 was . 

Debt
Modification 

On
December 26, 2023, the Company and the note holder entered into a letter agreement under which an agreement was made to extend the maturity
date of the Note to , increase the principal of the note to , and amend the convertible note to extend the date
on which the Company shall prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement covering the resale of all of the conversion shares
and commitment fee to January 27, 2024. The Company subsequently failed to repay the convertible note on or before January 27, 2024,
and failed to file the resale registration statement on or before January 27, 2024. See Note 10 for further extension of the maturity
date to October 31, 2024. 

Debt
Modification Debt Discount 

To
secure the debt modification, the Company agreed to increase the principal of the note to . The convertible note is also presented
net of the debt modification discount of which represents the accretion expense, which will accrete over the life of the convertible
note. Interest expense incurred related to the debt modification discount for the year ended December 31, 2023 was . 

The
balance of the convertible note as of December 31, 2023 was , which is presented net of aggregate debt discount of . 

Short-Term
Note Payable 

The
Company entered into a commercial insurance premium finance and security agreement in May 2023. The agreement finances the Company s
annual D O insurance premium. Payments are due in monthly installments of approximately and carry an annual percentage interest
rate of . 

The
Company had an outstanding premium balance of approximately at December 31, 2023 related to the agreement, which is included
in short-term note payable in the consolidated balance sheets. Interest expense related to the short-term note payable for the year ended
December 31, 2023 was approximately . 

by June 30, 2022, and on each subsequent anniversary of the Effective
Date thereafter. The first non-refundable annual license fee was paid on July 1, 2022. Additionally, following the first commercial sale,
the License agreement requires the Company to pay MGH a non-refundable annual minimum royalty in the amount of per year within
sixty days after each annual anniversary of the Effective Date. 

The
License Agreement also requires VI to pay to MGH a royalty rate on net sales related to the first license sub-field, which is the
treatment of T1D. Future sub-fields shall carry a reasonable royalty rate, consistent with industry standards, to be negotiated at the
time the first such royalty payment shall become due with respect to the applicable Products and Processes (as defined in the License
Agreement). 

million success payment within 60 days after the first
achievement of total net sales of Product or Process equal or exceeding 100,000,000 in any calendar year and 4,000,000 within 60 days
after the first achievement of total net sales of Product or Process equal to or exceeding 250,000,000 in any calendar year. The Company
is also required to reimburse MGH s expenses in connection with the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of all Patent
Rights. Such reimbursements were not significant during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Consulting
Agreements 

On
January 1, 2022, the Company entered into a consulting agreement (the Toneguzzo Agreement with Frances Toneguzzo, Ph.D.,
the Company s former CEO. Pursuant to the one-year term of the Toneguzzo Agreement in exchange for services in leading the research
and development teams and laboratory work, the consultant was to receive per month. The Company did not incur any expenses related
to the Toneguzzo Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company incurred a total of in expenses for the year ended
December 31, 2022 related to the Toneguzzo Agreement, which is included in professional fees on the consolidated statements of operations.
As of December 31, 2023, is included in accounts payable, related parties, on the consolidated balance sheet related to the Toneguzzo
Agreement. 

On
January 12, 2022, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement (the Donohoe Agreement with Donohoe Advisory Associates,
LLC. (the Consultant ). The Company engaged the Consultant to provide assistance and advice to the Company in support of
the Company s efforts to obtain a listing on a national securities exchange. The Company agreed to pay the Consultant a retainer
fee of , which was to be applied to the Company s monthly invoices until such time as the retainer fee is exhausted or the
engagement under the agreement ends. 

The
Company incurred and , respectively, in expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, which are included in
professional fees on the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and , respectively, is included
in accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheets related to the Donohoe agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance
of the retainer paid to the Consultant was and is included in prepaid expenses on the consolidated balance sheet. If the Company
is successful in listing on an exchange, the Company will be obligated to pay a success fee to the Consultant of either
 or that number of registered common shares equivalent to divided by the closing price of the Company s common stock
on the last day of trading on the OTC Market. The form of the success fee will be determined by the Company. 

On
March 7, 2022, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement (the Alpha Agreement with Alpha IR Group, LLC. (the Consultant ).
The Company engaged the Consultant to provide consulting, investor relations, and corporate and transaction communication related services.
The initial term of the Consulting Agreement was for three months (the Initial Term beginning March 1, 2022, and the Company
agreed to pay compensation equal to the sum of payable in cash or stock options for the three months of service. The Company
incurred and , respectively, in expenses for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, which are included in professional
fees on the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the balance owed to the Consultant was and
 , respectively, which is included in accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheets. 

authorized shares of preferred stock. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

On
December 19, 2017, the Company amended its articles of incorporation by filing a certificate of designation with the Secretary of State
of Florida therein designating a class of preferred stock as Series A Preferred Stock, par value per share, consisting of 
shares. 

The
holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall vote together with the holders of the common stock of the Company as a single class and
as single voting group upon all matters required to be submitted to a class or series vote pursuant to the protective provisions of the
Certificate of Designation or under applicable law. In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either
voluntarily or involuntarily, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any common
stock holders, distribution of any surplus funds equal to the greater of (i) the sum of per share or (ii) such amount per share
as would have been payable had all shares been converted to common stock. 

Pursuant
to the Articles of Incorporation, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock automatically converted into shares of common stock
to be issued on February 12, 2021, (the one-year anniversary of the initial filing by the Company of the Form 10 filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission). 

As
of December 31, 2023, and 2022, there were - - shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

On
December 19, 2017, the Company amended the articles of incorporation by filing a certificate of designation with the Secretary of State
of Florida therein designating a class of preferred stock as Series B Preferred Stock, par value per share, consisting of 
shares (the Series B Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation ). 

The holders of the Series B Preferred
Stock shall vote together with the holders of the common stock of the Company as a single class and as single voting group upon all matters
required to be submitted to a class or series vote pursuant to the protective provisions of the Series B Preferred Stock Certificate
of Designation or under applicable law. In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntarily
or involuntarily, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any common stock holders,
distribution of any surplus funds equal to the greater of: the sum of per share or such amount per share as would have been payable
had all shares been converted to common stock. 

Pursuant
to the Articles of Incorporation, the shares of Series B Preferred Stock automatically converted into shares of common stock
to be issued on February 12, 2021, the one-year anniversary of the initial filing by the Company of the Form 10 filed by the Company
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

As
of December 31, 2023, and 2022, there were - of Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company has authorized shares of common stock . As of December 31, 2023,
and 2022, there are and shares of common stock outstanding, respectively. 

Common
Stock Issuances 

In
April 2023, the Company entered into Security Purchase Agreements SPA s) with select accredited investors in connection
with a private offering. The Company raised an aggregate amount of issuing shares of common stock at per share.
The shares were issued in July 2023. 

In
connection with the promissory note as discussed in Note 6, to secure the note, the Company paid a commitment fee by issuing 
shares of the Company s common stock. The relative fair value of the common stock was as of June 30, 2023. The shares were
issued in July 2023. 

On
February 12, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, pursuant to the automatic
conversion feature of the Series A Certificate of Designation, whereby, the Series A shares are to automatically convert on the one-year
anniversary of the Company filing its Registration Statement on Form 10. The Form 10 Registration Statement was filed with the SEC on
February 12, 2020. The common stock shares for the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock were issued on January 13, 2022. 

On
February 12, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to the holders of Series B Preferred Stock, pursuant to the automatic
conversion feature of the Series B Certificate of Designation, whereby, the Series B shares are to automatically convert on the one-year
anniversary of the Company filing its Registration Statement on Form 10. The Form 10 Registration Statement was filed with the SEC on
February 12, 2020. The common stock shares for the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock were issued on January 13, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company determined that the former Series B Preferred Stockholders, subsequent to all Series B
Preferred Stock having previously been converted to shares of common stock in 2021, were owed additional shares of common stock due to
an adjustment to the conversion price that occurred as a result of a down round trigger event that occurred in 2019 when the Company
sold shares of common stock in a private placement at a price of , which was below the original conversion ratio of the Series B
Preferred Stock. 

Management
determined the total additional shares owed to the Preferred B Stockholders to be as a result of the down round trigger. The
financial statement impact of this down round trigger was not significant. The shares owed to the Series B Preferred Stockholders due
to the 2019 trigger event have been presented on the statement of stockholders equity retrospectively as common stock to be issued
with no impact on total stockholders deficit. The Company issued the additional shares to the Series B Preferred Stockholders
on March 24, 2022. 

In
July 2022, the Company received proceeds totaling and issued shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a common
stock warrant at per share. 

Common
Stock to be Issued 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were shares to be issued pursuant to a Stock Issuance and Release Agreement SRI Agreement executed by the Company in February 2019 to stockholders for no consideration who purchased shares in 2018 at , and shares
of common stock to be issued to two initial shareholders of VI. The issuance of these shares to be issued pursuant to the SRI Agreement
and to the two initial shareholders of VI were cancelled as of December 31, 2023 due to the shareholders having never signed the agreement. 

Additionally,
as of December 31, 2023 the Company recognized as issued shares erroneously issued by the Company s transfer agent back
in 2018 related to a private offering in 2018 as the Company does not expect the shares to be returned by shareholder. 

Stock
Option-Based Compensation Plan 

On
August 10, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company approved and adopted the Vicapsys Life Sciences, Inc., 2022 Omnibus Equity Incentive
Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of the 2022 Plan are set forth below: 

The
 Board or a committee established by the Board will administer the 2022 Plan. 

shares of common stock plus, to the
 extent the Company issues new shares of common stock other than under the terms of the 2022 Plan or other than certain Inducement
 Awards, 3.1 of the shares of common stock issued by the Company in such issuance (or such lower amount as determined by the Board).
 As of August 16, 2022, shares of common stock represents approximately of our common stock outstanding. 

Eligible
 recipients of awards include employees, directors or independent contractors of the Company who has been selected as an eligible
 participant by the Administrator, subject to certain limitations relating to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
 amended (the Code ). 

No
 non-employee director may be granted awards under the 2022 plan during any calendar year if such awards and cash fees paid for serving
 as a non-employee director would exceed in the non-employee director s initial year of service, or in any
 year thereafter. 

In
 no event shall the exercise price of an option issued pursuant to the 2022 Plan be less than one hundred percent of the fair
 market value of a share of common stock on the date of grant. 

The
purposes of the Plan are to (i) provide an additional incentive to selected employees, directors, and independent contractors of the
Company or its Affiliates whose contributions are essential to the growth and success of the Company, (ii) strengthen the commitment
of such individuals to the Company and its Affiliates, (iii) motivate those individuals to faithfully and diligently perform their responsibilities
and (iv) attract and retain competent and dedicated individuals whose efforts will result in the long-term growth and profitability of
the Company. To accomplish these purposes, the Plan provides that the Company may grant options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock, restricted stock units, other stock-based awards or any combination of the foregoing. 

Stock
Options 

On
August 10, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to issue options to purchase an aggregate of shares of common
stock to certain consultants, directors, and former directors. The stock options are exercisable at a price of . The options granted
are estimated to have fair market value per share of . The stock options fully vest after six months from the grant date. 

We
utilized the Black-Scholes valuation method to determine the estimated future value of the option on the date of grant. The Company utilized
the following assumptions when applying the model. 

The
simplified method provided for in Securities and Exchange Commission release, Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 110, averages an award s
weighted average vesting period and contractual term for plain vanilla share options. The expected volatility was estimated
by analyzing the historic volatility of similar public biotech companies in an early stage of development. No dividend payouts were assumed
as we have not historically paid, and do not anticipate paying, dividends in the foreseeable future. The risk-free rate of return reflects
the average interest rate offered for US treasury rates over the expected term of the options. 

The
option price was set at the estimated fair value of the common stock on the date of grant using an actual transactions approach. The
actual transactions method considers actual sales of the Company s common stock prior to the valuation date. The Company determined
the price per share of the most recent private sale of equity to be a more reliable indicator of the Company s fair value rather
than the quoted OTC prices, which reflected very low trading volume that subjected the quote priced to unusual fluctuations in the stock
prices. 

Expected term (years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Volatility 

Dividend yield 

- 
 
 Granted 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2023 

- 
 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2023 

- 

The
Company recorded stock compensation expense of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As
of December 31, 2023, there was unrecognized stock-based compensation related to non-vested stock options. 

Warrants 

On
July 14, 2022, the Board authorized and approved to extend the end date of certain warrants issued with common stock purchases at various
dates in 2019, by and among the Company and certain investors, pursuant to which the investors had the right to exercise the warrants
until July 31, 2022. 

Accounting
Standards Codification ASC ASC 718-20 Compensation-Stock compensation, which provides for the guidance on the accounting
for a modification of the terms or conditions of an equity award, and requires a modification to be treated as an exchange of the original
issuance for a new issuance, and any incremental value between the original award and the modified award be recorded. 

We
utilized a Black-Scholes valuation method to determine any incremental value due to the modification. The inputs used to value the warrant
as of the modification date are as follows : 

Exercise
 price of the warrant: 

Life
 of the warrant: years 

Risk
 free return rate: 

Annualized
 volatility rate of four comparative companies: 

The
Company recognized in incremental value for the fair market value of the modified warrants over the fair market value of the original
warrants. The Company recognized the effect of the excess fair market value as a deemed dividend which increased the loss available to
common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Expired 

Exercised 

Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The
Company did not issue any warrants during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

. NOLs generated
prior to 2018 will expire during the years . NOLs generated after 2018 have an indefinite period of use but are subject
to annual limitations. Realization of any portion of the NOL at December 31, 2023, is not considered more likely than not by management;
accordingly, a valuation allowance has been established for the full tax amount, which as of December 31, 2023, was . The Company
does not have any uncertain tax positions or events leading to uncertainty in a tax position. 

U.S. federal corporate income tax rate 

Expected U.S. income tax credit 

Permanent changes 

Change in valuation 

Tax expense 
 - 
 - 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

The
Company s NOL carryforwards may be significantly limited under the Internal Revenue Code IRC ). NOL carryforwards
are limited under Section 382 when there is a significant ownership change as defined in the IRC. During the year ended December 31,
2017, and previous years, the Company may have experienced such ownership changes, which could pose limitations. 

,
extend the date on which the Company shall prepare and file the resale registration statement with the SEC to February 27, 2024, and
extend the registration effective date for the resale registration statement until April 27, 2024. 

On
March 26, 2024, the Company and the note holders entered into a letter agreement under which an agreement was made to extend the maturity
date of the note to , and increase the principal of the note to . 

In
April 2024, the note holders agreed to extend the maturity date of the convertible note to October 31, 2024 and any accrued but unpaid
interest through the date thereof shall be due and payable on or before October 31, 2024. 

In
July 2024, entered into a promissory note agreement for the principal amount of . The Note is convertible upon an event of default
into shares of common stock, par value per share. 

In
August 2024, the Company entered into a promissory note agreement for the principal sum of . The maturity date on the promissory
note is and carries an annual interest rate of . 

F- 21 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of ViCapsys Life Sciences, Inc. 

Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Organization 
 
 ViCapsys,
 Inc. 
 
 Florida 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Federico Pier, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the registrant for the period ended December 31, 2023; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
October 21, 2024 

/s/
 Federico Pier 

Federico
 Pier 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(principal
 executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Jeffrey Wright, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of the registrant for the period ended December 31, 2023; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
October 21, 2024 

/s/
 Jeffrey Wright 

Jeffrey
 Wright 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(principal
 financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report of Vicapsys Life Sciences, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Federico Pier, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Jeffrey Wright, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated:
October 21, 2024 

/s/
 Federico Pier 

Federico
 Pier 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(principal
 executive officer) 

/s/
 Jeffrey Wright 

Jeffrey
 Wright 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(principal
 financial officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 vicp-20231231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 vicp-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 vicp-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 vicp-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

