<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-K_edgar_data_1713863_0001213900-24-095111.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13201109</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>651843</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2588575</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2759349</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3422333</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3494305</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-095111.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106195848
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-095111
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		129
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rafael Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001713863
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				822296593
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38411
		FILM NUMBER:		241432691

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 BROAD STREET
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07120
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-658-1450

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 BROAD STREET
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-095111.txt : 20241107

10-K
 1
 ea0217275-10k_rafael.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual report pursuant
to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

for the year ended , . 

or 

Transition report pursuant to
section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices, zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price on January 31, 2024 (the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) of the Class B common stock of 1.81 per share, as reported on the
New York Stock Exchange, was approximately million. 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock
as of November 5, 2024 was: 

Class A common stock, par value 0.01 per share: shares Class B common stock, par value 0.01 per share: shares 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Forward-Looking Information and Factors that May Affect Future Results 
 ii 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 26 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 97 

Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 97 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 98 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 98 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 98 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 99 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved]. 
 99 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 100 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 100 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 109 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 109 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 109 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 109 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 109 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 110 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 110 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 110 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 110 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 110 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 111 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 112 

Signatures 
 
 113 

i 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements
that contain the words believes, anticipates, expects, plans, intends 
and similar words and phrases. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from the results projected in any forward-looking statement. In addition to the factors specifically noted in the
forward-looking statements, other important factors, risks and uncertainties that could result in those differences include, but are not
limited to, those discussed under Item 1A to Part I Risk Factors in this Annual Report. The forward-looking statements are
made as of the date of this Annual Report, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons
why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Investors should consult all of the information
set forth in this report and the other information set forth from time to time in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. 

Our business, operating results or financial
condition could be materially adversely affected by any of the following risks associated with any one of our businesses, as well as the
other risks highlighted elsewhere in this document. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks. Note
that references to our , us , we , the Company , etc. used in each risk factor below
refers to the business about which such risk factor is provided. 

Our business is subject to numerous risks as
described in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Some of these risks include: 

We have limited resources and could find it difficult to raise additional capital. 

Our future success may depend on the results of Cyclo Therapeutics Phase III trial for Trappsol Cyclo . If Cyclo is unable to gain regulatory approval or commercialize its product candidates or experiences significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. 

Preclinical and clinical drug development is a lengthy and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome. Our and the Pharmaceutical Companies preclinical and clinical programs may experience delays or may never advance, which would adversely affect the ability to obtain regulatory approvals or commercialize product candidates on a timely basis or at all, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 

We and the companies in which we hold interests may expend our and their
limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or an indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications
that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

Results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive of results of future preclinical studies or clinical trials. 

The companies in which we hold interests face substantial competition,
and if competitors develop and market technologies or products more rapidly than those companies do or that are more effective, safer
or less expensive than the product candidates that those companies develop, our commercial opportunities will be negatively impacted. 

Rafael Medical Devices device candidates may cause significant
adverse events, toxicities or other undesirable side effects when used alone or in combination with other approved or cleared devices
or investigational or approved drugs that may result in a safety profile that could prevent regulatory approval, prevent market acceptance,
limit their commercial potential, result in significant negative consequences, or trigger potential product liability claims. 

We rely significantly on information technology and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including any cyber security incidents, could harm our ability to operate our business and that of the companies in which we hold interests effectively. 

We may not be able to consummate any investment, business combination or other transaction. 

We are controlled by our principal stockholder, which limits the ability
of other stockholders to affect the management of the Company. 

If we or the companies in which we hold interests are unable to adequately maintain or protect our proprietary technology
and product candidates and device candidates and services, if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad,
or if the terms of patents are insufficient to protect product candidates, device candidates, services or technologies for an adequate
amount of time, competitors could develop and commercialize technology and products similar or identical to that technology or those
product candidates, device candidates and services, and our ability to successfully commercialize technology or product candidates, device
candidates or services may be materially impaired. 

The Exchange Ratio used in the Merger with Cyclo will be determined in accordance with a formula and is not yet knowable.
 The actual Exchange Ratio could be materially different than currently anticipated. 

As used in this Annual Report, unless the context
otherwise requires, the terms the Company, Rafael Holdings, we, us, and our 
refer to Rafael Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries, collectively. Each reference to a fiscal year in this Annual
Report refers to the fiscal year ending in the calendar year indicated (for example, fiscal 2024 refers to the fiscal year ended July 31,
2024). 

ii 

Item 1. Business. 

OVERVIEW 

Rafael Holdings, Inc. Rafael Holdings ,
 Rafael , we or the Company is a holding company with interests in clinical and early-stage pharmaceutical
companies (the Pharmaceutical Companies ), including an investment in (and planned merger with) Cyclo Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq:
CYTH), Cyclo Therapeutics or Cyclo ), a clinical stage biotechnology company dedicated to developing Trappsol 
Cyclo , which is being evaluated in clinical trials for the potential treatment of Niemann-Pick Disease Type C1 NPC1 ),
a rare, fatal and progressive genetic disorder, a majority equity interest in LipoMedix Pharmaceuticals Ltd. LipoMedix ),
a clinical stage pharmaceutical company, Barer Institute Inc. Barer ), a wholly-owned preclinical cancer metabolism research
operation, and a majority interest in Cornerstone Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Cornerstone ), formerly known as Rafael Pharmaceuticals
Inc., a cancer metabolism-based therapeutics company. We also hold a majority interest in Rafael Medical Devices, LLC. Rafael
Medical Devices ), an orthopedic-focused medical device company developing instruments to advance minimally invasive surgeries,
and a majority interest in Day Three Labs, Inc. Day Three ), a company which empowers third-party manufacturers to reimagine
their existing cannabis offerings enabling them to bring to market better, cleaner, more precise and predictable versions by utilizing
Day Three s pharmaceutical-grade technology and innovation like Unlokt . Day Three and Rafael Medical Devices, together with
the Pharmaceutical Companies, represent our Portfolio Companies ). In November 2022, the Company resolved to curtail its
early-stage development efforts, including pre-clinical research at Barer. The decision was taken to reduce spending as the Company focuses
on exploring strategic opportunities. Since then, the Company has sought partners for programs at Farber and has entered into a license
agreement for one of its technologies. The Company s primary focus is to expand our investment portfolio through opportunistic and
strategic investments including therapeutics, which address high unmet medical needs. Upon closing of the planned merger with Cyclo, the
Company intends to focus its efforts on making Trappsol Cyclo its lead clinical program. 

Historically,
the Company owned real estate assets. In 2020, the Company sold an office building located in Piscataway, New Jersey and, on August 22,
2022, the Company sold the building at 520 Broad Street in Newark, New Jersey that serves as headquarters for the Company and several
tenants and an associated public garage (the 520 Property ). As of July 31, 2024 ,
the Company holds a portion of a commercial building in Jerusalem, Israel as its sole remaining owned real estate asset. 

In May
2023, the Company first invested in Cyclo Therapeutics. Cyclo is a clinical-stage biotechnology company that develops cyclodextrin-based
products for the potential treatment of neurodegenerative diseases. Cyclo s lead drug candidate is Trappsol Cyclo (hydroxypropyl
beta cyclodextrin), a treatment for Niemann-Pick Disease, type C1 NPC1 ). NPC1 is a rare and fatal autosomal recessive
genetic disease resulting in disrupted cholesterol metabolism that impacts the brain, lungs, liver, spleen, and other organs. In January
2017 the FDA granted Fast Track designation to Trappsol Cyclo for the treatment of NPC1. Initial patient enrollment in the
U.S. Phase I study commenced in September 2017, and in May 2020 Cyclo announced Top Line data demonstrating Trappsol Cyclo 
was well tolerated in this study. Cyclo is currently conducting a Phase III Clinical Trial Evaluating Trappsol Cyclo 
in Pediatric and Adult Patients with Niemann-Pick Disease, Type C1. See Notes 11 and 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for more information on the Company s investments in Cyclo. 

As discussed in more detail below, on August 21,
2024, the Company entered into a merger agreement with Cyclo. In the event the merger is consummated, the Company intends to fund the
TransportNPC phase III clinical trial, evaluating Trappsol Cyclo in Niemann Pick C, to its interim analysis in the middle
of 2025 and focus its efforts on Trappsol Cyclo as its lead clinical program. At that point, the Company
will make a determination as to whether or not to file an NDA for Trappsol Cyclo . 

LipoMedix
is a clinical stage Israeli company focused on the development of a product candidate that holds the potential to be an innovative, safe,
and effective cancer therapy based on liposome delivery. As of July 31, 2024, the Company s ownership interest in LipoMedix was
approximately 95 . LipoMedix has completed various clinical stages of Promitil including
Phase 1A (solid tumors) and 1B (as single agent and in combination with capecitabine and/or bevacizumab in colorectal cancer). Another
phase 1B testing Promitil as radiosensitizer is ongoing and near completion. A total of 149 patients have been treated with Promitil 
as a single agent, or in combination with other anticancer drugs or radiotherapy, under the framework of a phase 1A and two 1B clinical
studies and under named patient approval for compassionate use. 

In 2019,
the Company established Barer, a preclinical cancer metabolism research operation, to focus on developing a pipeline of novel therapeutic
compounds, including compounds designed to regulate cancer metabolism with potentially broader application in other indications beyond
cancer. Barer has been comprised of scientists and academic advisors that are experts in cancer metabolism, chemistry, and drug development.
In addition to its own internal discovery efforts, Barer pursued collaborative research agreements and in-licensing opportunities with
leading scientists from top academic institutions. Barer s majority owned subsidiary, Farber Partners, LLC Farber ),
was formed around one such agreement with Princeton University s Office of Technology Licensing Princeton for technology
from the laboratory of Professor Joshua Rabinowitz, in the Department of Chemistry, Princeton University, for an exclusive worldwide license
to its SHMT (serine hydroxymethyltransferase) inhibitor program. In November 2022, the Company resolved
to curtail its early-stage development efforts, including pre-clinical research at Barer Institute. Since then, the Company has
sought partners for Farber programs and has entered into a license agreement for one of its technologies. 

1 

The Company owns a 37.5 equity interest in RP
Finance LLC RP Finance ), which was, until March 13, 2024 (the date of the RP Finance Consolidation, as described below),
accounted for under the equity method. RP Finance is an entity associated with members of the family of Howard Jonas (Executive Chairman,
Chairman of the Board, and controlling stockholder of the Company) which holds 37.5 equity interest of RP Finance. RP Finance holds debt
and equity investments in Cornerstone. Cornerstone received negative results of its Avenger 500 Phase 3 study for Devimistat in pancreatic
cancer as well as a recommendation to stop its ARMADA 2000 Phase 3 study due to a determination that the trial would unlikely achieve
its primary endpoint (the Data Events ). Due to the Data Events, RP Finance fully impaired its then debt and equity investments
in Cornerstone. 

On March 13, 2024, Cornerstone consummated a restructuring
of its outstanding debt and equity interests (the Cornerstone Restructuring ). As a result of the Cornerstone Restructuring,
Rafael became a 67 owner of the issued and outstanding common stock of Cornerstone (the Cornerstone Acquisition ), and Cornerstone
became a consolidated subsidiary of Rafael. The Cornerstone Acquisition is accounted for as an acquisition of a variable interest entity
that is not a business in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company was determined to be the accounting acquirer for financial reporting
purposes. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the transaction. In conjunction with
the Cornerstone Restructuring and Cornerstone Acquisition, the Company reassessed its relationship with RP Finance, and as a result determined
that RP Finance is still a variable interest entity and that the Company became the primary beneficiary of RP Finance as the Company now
holds the ability to control repayment of the RP Finance Line of Credit which directly impacts RP Finance s economic performance.
Therefore, following the Cornerstone Restructuring and Cornerstone Acquisition, the Company consolidated RP Finance (the RP Finance
Consolidation ). See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements f or
additional information on the Consolidation. 

In May 2021,
the Company formed Rafael Medical Devices, an orthopedic-focused medical device company developing instruments to advance minimally invasive
surgeries. In August 2023, the Company raised 925,000 from third parties in exchange for 31.6 ownership of Rafael Medical
Devices. 

In April
2023, the Company first invested in Day Three, a company which empowers third-party manufacturers to reimagine their existing cannabis
offerings enabling them to bring to market better, cleaner, more precise and predictable versions by utilizing Day Three s pharmaceutical-grade
technology and innovation like Unlokt . In January 2024, the Company entered into a series of transactions with Day Three
and certain shareholders, acquiring a controlling interest of Day Three, which is now a consolidated subsidiary of the Company (the Day
Three Acquisition ). 

Financial information by segment is presented
in Note 23 in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 

Our headquarters are located at 520 Broad Street,
Newark, New Jersey 07102. The main telephone number at our headquarters is (212) 658-1450 and our corporate web site s home page
is www.rafaelholdings.com. 

We make available free of charge our Annual Report
on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to these reports, and all beneficial ownership
reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by directors, officers and beneficial owners of more than 10 of our equity through the investor relations
page of our web site (https://rafaeholdings.irpass.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our web site also contains information not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K
or our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 

On August 21, 2024, the Company entered into an
Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), by and among: Rafael; Tandem Therapeutics, Inc., a Nevada corporation
and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company First Merger Sub Tandem Therapeutics, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company
and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Rafael Second Merger Sub and together with First Merger Sub, the Merger Subs 
and Cyclo Therapeutics, Inc., a Nevada corporation Cyclo ). The Merger Agreement requires approval of Cyclo s stockholders
and the issuance of the Company s Class B Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share Rafael Class B Common Stock in
the merger requires approval by Rafael s stockholders. Upon such approvals and satisfaction or waiver of all other conditions set
forth in the Merger Agreement and the effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-4 to register the shares of the Company s
Class B Common Stock to be issued in the merger based on an exchange ratio (an illustration of which is set forth as Schedule 5 to the
Merger Agreement) valuing Cyclo shares at .95 per share and the Company at its cash value combined with the value of its marketable securities
and certain other investments less current liabilities (of the Company on an unconsolidated basis), the merger will be consummated. 

2 

BUSINESS DESCRIPTION 

We work to advance the pipeline development of
our Portfolio Companies, including Cyclo Therapeutics, LipoMedix, Barer, Rafael Medical Devices, Cornerstone and Day Three Labs. We also
further seek to expand our portfolio through opportunistic and strategic investments including therapeutics which address high unmet medical
needs. Historically, the Company owned real estate assets. In 2020, the Company sold an office building located in Piscataway, New Jersey
and in August 2022, the Company sold the 520 Property. Currently, the Company holds a portion a commercial building in Jerusalem, Israel
as its remaining real estate asset. 

Portfolio Companies 

Overview 

We are a company with interests in clinical and
early-stage pharmaceutical companies including an investment in Cyclo Therapeutics, a clinical stage biotechnology company dedicated to
developing Trappsol Cyclo , which is being evaluated in clinical trials for the potential treatment of Niemann-Pick Disease
Type C1 NPC1 ), a rare, fatal and progressive genetic disorder, a majority equity interest in LipoMedix, a clinical stage
pharmaceutical company, Barer, a wholly-owned preclinical cancer metabolism research operation, and a majority interest in Cornerstone,
a cancer metabolism-based therapeutics company. We also hold a majority interest in Rafael Medical Devices, an orthopedic-focused medical
device company developing instruments to advance minimally invasive surgeries, and a majority interest in Day Three, a company which empowers
third-party manufacturers to reimagine their existing cannabis offerings enabling them to bring to market better, cleaner, more precise
and predictable versions by utilizing Day Three s pharmaceutical-grade technology and innovation like Unlokt . In November
2022, the Company resolved to curtail its early-stage development efforts, including pre-clinical research at Barer. The decision was
taken to reduce spending as the Company focuses on exploring strategic opportunities. The Company s primary focus is to expand our
investment portfolio through opportunistic and strategic investments including therapeutics, which address high unmet medical needs. 

Cyclo Therapeutics Inc. 

Cyclo is a clinical -stage biotechnology company
that develops cyclodextrin-based products for the potential treatment of neurodegenerative diseases. Cyclo filed a Type II Drug Master
File with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA in 2014 for its lead drug candidate, Trappsol Cyclo (hydroxypropyl
beta cyclodextrin) as a treatment for Niemann-Pick Disease, Type C1 NPC1 ). NPC1 is a rare and fatal autosomal recessive
genetic disease resulting in disrupted cholesterol metabolism that impacts the brain, lungs, liver, spleen, and other organs. In 2015,
Cyclo launched an International Clinical Program for Trappsol Cyclo as a potential treatment for NPC1. In 2016, Cyclo filed
an Investigational New Drug application IND with the FDA, which described its Phase I clinical plans for a randomized,
double blind, parallel group study at a single clinical site in the U.S. The Phase I study evaluated the safety and pharmacokinetics of
Trappsol Cyclo along with markers of cholesterol metabolism and markers of NPC1 during a 12-week treatment period of intravenous
administration of Trappsol Cyclo every two weeks to participants 18 years of age and older. FDA authorized the IND to move
forward in September 2016, and in January 2017 the FDA granted Fast Track designation to Trappsol Cyclo for the potential
treatment of NPC1. Initial patient enrollment in the U.S. Phase I study commenced in September 2017, and, in May 2020, Cyclo announced
Top Line data showing Trappsol Cyclo was well tolerated in this study. 

Cyclo has also completed a Phase I/II clinical
study authorized by European regulatory bodies with clinical trial centers in the United Kingdom, Sweden, and in Israel. The Phase I/II
study evaluated the safety, tolerability and efficacy of Trappsol Cyclo through a range of clinical outcomes, including neurologic,
respiratory, and measurements of cholesterol metabolism and markers of NPC1. Consistent with the 12-week phase 1 study (single US site),
the European/Israel study administered Trappsol Cyclo intravenously to NPC1 patients every two weeks in a double-blind, randomized
trial, but differs in that the study period was for 48 weeks (24 doses). In March of 2021, Cyclo announced that 100 of patients who completed
the trial (9 out of 12) improved or remained stable, and 89 met the efficacy outcome measure of improvement in at least two domains of
the 17-domain NPC1 severity scale. Cyclo did not conduct a Phase II trial in the U.S. they relied on the data obtained from our Phase
I/II trial abroad to support the commencement of our Phase III trial. 

In February 2020, Cyclo had a face-to-face Type
C meeting with the FDA with respect to the initiation of a pivotal Phase III clinical trial of Trappsol Cyclo based
on the clinical data obtained to date. At that meeting, Cyclo also discussed with the FDA submitting a New Drug Application NDA under Section 505(b)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act for the treatment of NPC1 in pediatric and adult patients with Trappsol 
Cyclo . A similar request was submitted to the European Medicines Agency EMA in February 2020, seeking scientific
advice and protocol assistance from the EMA for proceeding with a Phase III clinical trial in Europe. In October 2020, Cyclo received
a Study May Proceed notification from the FDA with respect to the proposed Phase III clinical trial, and in June of 2021,
Cyclo commenced enrollment in TransportNPC, a pivotal Phase III study of Trappsol Cyclo for the treatment of NPC1. In May
2024, Cyclo enrolled the last of the 104 patients in the Phase III study. 

3 

On May 17, 2010, the FDA designated Trappsol 
Cyclo as an orphan drug for the treatment of NPC1, which, if Trappsol Cyclo were to be approved for that orphan-designated
indication, would provide Cyclo with the exclusive right to sell Trappsol Cyclo for the treatment of NPC1 for seven years
following FDA drug approval. In April 2015, Cyclo also obtained Orphan Drug Designation for Trappsol Cyclo in Europe, which
will provide Cyclo with 10 years of market exclusivity in Europe following regulatory approval, which period will be extended to 12 years
upon acceptance by the EMA s Pediatric Committee of Cyclo s pediatric investigation plan (PIP) demonstrating that Trappsol 
Cyclo addresses the pediatric population. On January 12, 2017, Cyclo received Fast Track Designation from the FDA, and on December
1, 2017, the FDA designated NPC1 a Rare Pediatric Disease. 

Cyclo also continues to operate its legacy fine
chemical business, consisting of the sale of cyclodextrins and related products to the pharmaceutical, nutritional, and other industries,
primarily for use in diagnostics and specialty drugs. 

Cyclo s core business has transitioned to
a biotechnology company primarily focused on the development of cyclodextrin-based biopharmaceuticals for the potential treatment of disease. 

Global Phase III Clinical Study (TransportNPC) 

Cyclo s ongoing Phase III clinical trial
(CTD-TCNPC-301), TransportNPC, is a prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled therapeutic study for up to 93 patients
age three and older with confirmed diagnosis of NPC1. The objective of this study is to evaluate the safety, tolerability and efficacy
of 2000 mg/kg doses of Trappsol Cyclo (hydroxypropyl betacyclodextrin) administered intravenously by slow infusion
every two weeks as compared to placebo. Patients will be randomized to receive Trappsol Cyclo or placebo at a 2:1
ratio. The study duration is 96 weeks, with an unblinded interim analysis at 48 weeks. An open-label extension of up to 96 weeks follows
the interventional study. Patients whose disease progression worsens by two levels in the Clinical Global Impression of Severity scale
over 12 weeks, starting at week 36, may be moved to open label treatment. Efficacy will be measured at week 48 and week 96 by a composite
score of major disease features. A sub-study is ongoing and being conducted outside of the U.S. for up to 12 patients age 0 - 3 years
who may be asymptomatic. Outcomes for the sub-study are safety, clinical and caregiver impression of disease. In May 2024, Cyclo enrolled
the last of the 104 patients in the Phase III study. Interim results from the study are expected during the first half of 2025. 

European and Israeli Phase I/II Clinical
Study 

Cyclo completed a Phase I/II clinical study in
Europe, the United Kingdom and Sweden. This study evaluated the safety, tolerability and efficacy of Trappsol Cyclo 
through a range of clinical outcomes, including neurologic, and respiratory, in addition to measurements of cholesterol metabolism and
markers of NPC1, in three dose groups (1500 mg/kg, 2000 mg/kg and 2500 mg/kg). The first patient was dosed in this study in July 2017,
and in February 2020, Cyclo announced completion of enrollment of 12 patients in this study. The efficacy outcome measures and results
from this study are as follows: 

Efficacy Outcome Measure 1 : At least a
one-point reduction (or improvement) in two or more of the 17 domains measured under the Niemann-Pick Disease Type C NPC Clinical Severity Scale. 

Results : 

Six of seven patients met this endpoint (86 of those who completed). 

Improvements seen in swallow, ambulation, ability to manage seizures, saccadic eye movements, fine motor
skills, and cognition. (Individual patient profiles differed, i.e., patients improved differently.) 

Patients not receiving any intervention beyond standard of care would be expected to worsen in total score
by 1.5 points over one year. 

Efficacy Outcome Measure 2 : Change from
baseline in Global Impression of Disease at 48 weeks. 

Results : 

Using the Clinician s Global Impression of Improvement scale, five of seven patients who completed
the trial improved, and the other 2 patients stabilized . 

Five of seven improved in at least one of these features: walking, speaking, swallowing, fine motor or cognition. These five features are determined by NPC1 patients and their caregivers to be the most important for quality of life. A composite in improvement in these five features will be the primary outcome measure for our pivotal Phase III trial. 

4 

Additional Data : 

As a group, the first seven patients to complete the clinical trial meet the outcome measures
for the study. 

Trappsol Cyclo was well tolerated. 

Trappsol Cyclo was shown to cross the blood brain barrier. 

Successive administration of Trappsol Cyclo decreased tau levels. 

Trappsol Cyclo was seen to suggest improvements in neurological features of NPC1, including ataxia, and quality of life for patients. 

Based on data provided, Cyclo selected the 2000 mg/kg dose for its pivotal Phase III trial. 

US Phase I Clinical Study 

In September 2016, the FDA authorized Cyclo to
proceed with Cyclo s Phase I clinical plans for a randomized, double blind, parallel group study in the U.S. The Phase I study evaluated
the safety of Trappsol Cyclo along with markers of cholesterol metabolism and markers of NPC1 during a 14-week treatment period
of intravenous administration of Trappsol Cyclo every two weeks to participants 18 years of age and older in two dose groups
(1500 mg/kg and 2500 mg/kg). Enrollment in this study was completed in October 2019, and in May 2020 Cyclo announced Top Line data showing
favorable tolerability profile for Trappsol Cyclo in this study. Additional date from this study includes the following data: 

Liver biopsies and biochemical data on cholesterol homeostasis indicated that Trappsol Cyclo 
removes trapped cholesterol from liver cells and impacts cholesterol homeostasis. 

Tau decreased
after seven doses in a majority of patients. 

All eligible patients requested continuation of Trappsol Cyclo administration in
the extension protocol via home infusion. 

LipoMedix 

LipoMedix is a clinical stage Israeli company
focused on the development of a product candidate that holds the potential to be an innovative, safe, and effective cancer therapy based
on liposome delivery. As of July 31, 2024, the Company s ownership interest in LipoMedix was approximately 95 . As needed, the Company
provides funding to LipoMedix through intercompany promissory notes which are used to support research and development activities. 

About Promitil : 

LipoMedix was established to advance the pharmaceutical
and clinical development of a patented prodrug of mitomycin-C (MMC) and its efficient delivery in liposomes to cancer cells. This proprietary
molecule, known as Promitil Pegylated Liposomal Mitomycin-C Lipidic Prodrug (PL-MLP) is designed to overcome the toxicity
associated with the clinical use of mitomycin-C and turns it into a targeted, anticancer therapeutic that could potentially become the
treatment of choice in a variety of cancers with high unmet need. The inventor and scientific founder, of LipoMedix is Alberto Gabizon,
M.D., Ph.D., of the Hebrew University Shaare Zedek Medical Center, Israel. He is the co-inventor and co-developer of Doxil 
(pegylated liposomal doxorubicin), a successful and widely used anticancer product based on a similar drug development strategy. Prof.
Gabizon is one of the few scientists intimately familiar with the successful development and commercialization process of liposomal drugs. 

Promitil is designed for the targeted delivery
of MMC in a proprietary prodrug form. Promitil confers tumor targeting advantage due to the enhanced permeability and retention
effect (EPR) of liposomes. Once in the tumor cells, the prodrug is converted to the active drug (MMC) by thiolytic agents abundantly
present in tumor tissues, and MMC induces DNA cross-linking leading to tumor cell death. In preclinical studies, Promitil inhibited
cancer cells growth in animal models (pancreatic, colorectal, stomach, breast, ovarian, melanoma, bladder), including multidrug resistant
tumors, as monotherapy as well as in combination with radiotherapy and/or approved cancer drugs. In these studies, Promitil was
found to be more efficacious and less toxic than MMC by a 3-fold factor. 

5 

LipoMedix has completed 3 clinical studies with
Promitil including: 

Phase 1A, a dose escalation study of Promitil in patients with advanced cancers. (Golan T, Grenader T,
Ohana P, Amitay Y, Shmeeda H, La-Beck NM, Tahover E, Berger R, Gabizon A. Pegylated liposomal mitomycin C prodrug enhances tolerance of
mitomycin C: a phase 1 study in advanced solid tumor patients. Cancer Medicine. 2015;4(10):1472-83.) 

Phase IB in advanced colorectal cancer patients with Promitil as single agent and in combination with
capecitabine and/or bevacizumab. (Gabizon A, Tahover E, Golan T, Geva R, Perets R, Amitay Y, Shmeeda H, Ohana P. Pharmacokinetics of mitomycin-c
lipidic prodrug entrapped in liposomes and clinical correlations in metastatic colorectal cancer patients. Invest New Drugs. 2020;38(5):1411-1420.) 

Phase 1B of Promitil-based chemo-radiotherapy in patients with advanced cancers. (Sapir E, Pffefer R,
Wygoda M, Purim O, Levy A, Corn B, Amitay Y, Ohana P, Gabizon A. Pegylated Liposomal Mitomycin C Lipidic Prodrug in Combination with External
Beam Radiation Therapy in Patients with Advanced Cancer: A Phase 1 Study. Int J Radiat Oncol. 2023; Volume 2023.) 

Over 120 patients were treated with Promitil 
as a single agent or in combination with other anticancer drugs or radiotherapy in three clinical studies under a United States IND to
assess the safety, PK profile, and preliminary efficacy, as well as 40 patients treated for compassionate use. Promitil was given
by intravenous infusion once every 3 or 4 weeks and appears to be well-tolerated at a dose up to 2 mg/kg. Except for mild myelosuppression,
no other toxicities such as skin irritation, mouth ulcers, neuropathic pain, diarrhea, or hair loss were reported. Promitil was stable
in plasma with a half-life of approximately 20 hours (vs 40-50 minutes for naked MMC). 

Next Steps for Clinical
Development: 

Homologous recombination (HR) is an evolutionarily
conserved process for repairing DNA double-strand breaks with high fidelity, and the BRCA1 and BRCA2 proteins play essential roles in
this process. Patients harboring germline mutations in the BRCA1 and/or BRCA2 genes have significantly increased life-time risk of developing
breast, ovarian cancer, pancreatic, and prostate cancer. Tumors with BRCA mutations are susceptible to platinum-based chemotherapy and
hypersensitive to agents that inhibit poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP). However, despite their initial anti-tumor activity, multiple
resistance mechanisms have been described and the development of resistance limits the clinical utility of platinum based and PARP inhibitor
(PARPi) therapies. Overall, it remains a challenge in treating cancers associated with deleterious germline mutation in HR, such as BRCA1,
BRCA2, and PALB2 (Partner and Localizer of BRCA2). 

Preclinical studies have shown that MMC was effective
in killing of BRCA2 mutant tumors. Clinical efficacy of MMC has also been reported in heavily pretreated ovarian cancer patients with
BRCA1 mutations and patient with advanced, gemcitabine-resistant, pancreatic cancer who had PALB2 gene mutation. Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma
(PDAC) continues to be one of the most lethal malignant neoplasms, with a 5-year survival rate of only 5 . Surgery is considered the sole
potentially curative treatment; however, only 20 of patients diagnosed with PDAC are candidates for surgery at the time of diagnosis
and is frequently followed by recurrence and therapeutic resistance. Despite advances made in the development of systemic combination
chemotherapies in the last two decades, progress in improving survival outcomes in patients with PDAC is stagnant. 

Based on the reported preclinical and clinical
efficacy of MMC in BRCA mutated tumors together with the demonstrated improved safety profile of Promitil in humans, LipoMedix believes
that Promitil could offer an important therapeutic option for patients with pancreatic cancer. Thus, a clinical trial is ongoing
to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and effects of Promitil in cancer patients who have deleterious germline mutation in BRCA1,
BRCA2, or PALB2 across six hospitals in Israel. 

Promitil -based pipeline products: 

In addition to Promitil , LipoMedix has other
Promitil -based products with potentially important applications: 

Folate-targeted Promitil (Promi-Fol), aimed at local treatment (intravesical) of superficial bladder
cancer. Decorating Promitil with folate ligands is designed to exploit the frequent overexpression of folate receptors in urothelial
cancers for selective and enhanced delivery of Promitil to cancer cells. Promi-Fol holds the potential to be a safe and effective
therapeutic alternative to widely used instillation of mitomycin-c for local treatment of the growing elderly patient population with
superficial bladder cancer (Patil Y, et al.: Targeting of pegylated liposomal mitomycin-C prodrug to the folate receptor of cancer
cells: Intracellular activation and enhanced cytotoxicity. Journal of Controlled Release, 225:87-95, 2016). A patent application
to cover the use of Promi-Fol was granted in May 2020 by the European Patent Office. 

Promi-Dox, a highly potent dual drug liposome with MLP and doxorubicin targeting a potential basket of
tumors (Gabizon et al., Liposome co-encapsulation of anti-cancer agents for pharmacological optimization of nanomedicine-based
combination chemotherapy. Cancer Drug Resistance, 4:463-484, 2021). There are several possible cancer settings with substantial
patient numbers and significant unmet need where Promi-Dox potentially could be utilized. This formulation requires further product development.
A patent application covering the formulation of Promi-Dox has been granted by the USPTO. 

6 

Farber 

Farber, a majority owned subsidiary of Barer,
was formed around an agreement with Princeton University s Office of Technology Licensing for technology from the laboratory of
Professor Joshua Rabinowitz, in the Department of Chemistry, Princeton University, for an exclusive worldwide license to its SHMT (serine
hydroxymethyltransferase) inhibitor program. In November 2022, the Company resolved to curtail its early-stage development efforts,
including pre-clinical research at Barer and Farber. Since then, the Company has sought partners for Farber programs and has entered
into a license agreement for one of its technologies. 

Cornerstone 

We own our interest in Cornerstone through a 90 -owned
non-operating subsidiary, Pharma Holdings, LLC Pharma Holdings ). Pharma Holdings owns 50 of CS Pharma, a non-operating
entity that owns equity interests in Cornerstone, including 44.0 million shares of Cornerstone common stock. Accordingly, the Company
holds an effective 90 interest in the Cornerstone interests held by Pharma Holdings, and an effective 45 interest in the Cornerstone
interests held by CS Pharma. 

In March of 2024, Cornerstone completed a comprehensive
restructuring transaction including, the conversion of the debt under a line of credit agreement and the promissory note held by the Company,
the conversion and modification of other Cornerstone debt obligations, the extension of the Cornerstone debt held by RP Finance, a reverse
stock split, the conversion of all outstanding preferred stock of Cornerstone into common stock and the adoption of certain governance
measures. Subsequent to the restructuring the Company owns 67 of Cornerstone. 

Science and Preclinical: 

Cornerstone s lead development candidate
is CPI-613 (devimistat), a stable analog of normally transient, acylated catalytic intermediates of lipoate. The CPI-613 intermediates
are designed to disrupt mitochondrial function and thereby decrease the TCA cycle function; thus, CPI-613 (devimistat) misinforms
these tumor systems, triggering mitochondrial stress and turning off the cancer cell TCA cycle. CPI-613 is designed to broadly affect
tumor metabolism, including disrupting mitochondria and potentially intercalating in cancer cell membranes. The metabolic and mitochondrial
stress have been found to trigger apoptotic and necrotic cell death pathways in tumor cells (Zachar et al., J Mol Med, 2011, 89:1137-48;
Stuart et al., Cancer Metab. 2014, 2, 4: reviewed in Bingham et al., Expert Rev Clin Pharmacol. 2014, 7:837-46 and Hammoudi et al., Chin
J Cancer. 2011, ;30:508-25). These suggest that CPI-613 holds the potential to have anti-cancer activity. Combining CPI-613 
with generalized metabolic stressors like chemotherapy holds the potential to result in the effective killing of even the most intractable
tumors like pancreatic cancer. These effects were observed in Cornerstone s Phase 1/2 trials to date (Alistar, et al., 2017; Pardee et
al., 2018). CPI-613 has been found to be selectively accumulated in tumors in animal studies. CPI-613 is a lipoic acid analog with
a fatty acid tail that may be able to utilize fatty acid transporters. Cancer cells have been shown to up-regulate fatty acid metabolism
to support tumorigenesis. 

There may be potential advantages of CPI-613 
(devimistat) over alternative anti-metabolism and anti-cancer drugs. It is believed to be selectively taken up by cancer cells. As a result,
CPI-613 (devimistat) holds the potential to be minimally toxic to healthy cells (i.e., safe, and well tolerated), potentially allowing
extended treatment courses. Moreover, its toxicity profile may allow CPI-613 (devimistat) to be used in combination with other drugs
and in older patients. These potential combination regimens include established standards of care for major malignancies, allowing potential
treatment of surgically unresectable cancers. Additionally, this toxicity profile could support the administration of cocktails of anti-cancer
drugs that may work synergistically with CPI-613 . 

7 

Several pre-clinical pharmacology and toxicology
studies (including good laboratory practice toxicology (GLP Tox) studies) were conducted to investigate the pharmacokinetics (PK), drug
metabolism, safety, and anticancer activity of CPI-613 (devimistat). In in vitro and ex vivo studies, CPI-613 (devimistat) exhibited
anticancer activities against tumor cell lines and cells. CPI-613 (devimistat) was taken up less in non-malignant cells. In vivo
animal models bearing diverse tumor types were used to evaluate dose-response, PK, and metabolism of CPI-613 (devimistat). The drug
was well tolerated in animal models studied. Prolonged survival was observed when compared to untreated controls in these animal models.
GLP toxicology studies showed that any adverse events related to CPI-613 (devimistat) were considered transient and mostly observed
during acute dosing; animals returned to normal post-dose (i.e., toxicities were reversible or recoverable). Toxicokinetic (TK) exposures
of Cmax (peak concentration) and area under the curve (AUC) of CPI-613 (devimistat) from GLP Tox studies in rats and minipigs have
shown safety margins expected to cover PK exposures of Cmax and AUC of CPI-613 (devimistat) in pancreatic cancer patients at doses
studied. 

Clinical Highlights: 

More than 1024 patients have been dosed with CPI-613 (devimistat)
to date in 24 ongoing or completed clinical trials. 

Currently, there are two clinical trials enrolling
participants in the following programs: 

Phase II open-label multi-cohort study evaluating CPI-613 (devimistat) in combination with hydroxychloroquine and 5-fluorouracil
or gemcitabine in patients with advanced chemorefractory colorectal, pancreatic, or other solid cancers. 

A Phase I dose-escalation study of CPI-613 (devimistat) in combination with chemoradiation in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma. 

In March 2023, Cornerstone purchased all assets and rights of telaglenastat
(CB-839), a glutaminase inhibitor, from Calithera Biosciences, Inc. Cornerstone is currently exploring the options to develop telaglenastat
in different indications. 

Rafael Medical Devices 

Rafael Medical Devices is a medical device company
currently concentrating on developing surgical and procedural devices designed to provide meaningful advantages to patients and healthcare
providers in the orthopedic market. One of its current lead products is an orthopedic arthroscopy instrument for carpal tunnel syndrome. 

Rafael Medical Devices has assembled an in-house
team with expertise in engineering, device development quality control, and design discovery who have been part of teams that have created
successful commercial medical devices in the past. It has begun to expand its expert network of experienced device creators, key opinion
leaders, and is working to begin generating a commercial presence. 

Orthopedics comprise a large addressable market.
Rafael Medical Devices is seeking to assemble a portfolio of Class I, II and III devices to mitigate risk across a portfolio of devices
with overlapping needs and markets. This strategy is designed to minimize supply chain requirements while maximizing market potential. 

Day Three Labs 

Day Three Labs is a technology company focused
on creating solutions for increased bioavailability of other third-party manufacturers hydrophobic compounds, with a specific focus
on compounds used as active ingredients in pharmaceutical and food supplement products. Day Three Labs maintains its manufacturing, sales
and marketing activities in the United States, and research and development activities in Israel. Day Three Labs majority-owned
subsidiary, Day Three Labs Manufacturing, is dedicated to the commercialization of technology for the cannabis and hemp industries and
has developed technological solutions specifically engineered for increased bioavailability of cannabinoids, and Day Three Labs delivers
those technologies as a processing service to other third-party manufacturers. 

The Day Three Labs team, as well as that of its
subsidiary Day Three Labs Manufacturing, has expertise in drug development, consumer product manufacturing and distribution, and product
engineering, including pharmaceutical and food technology development. Day Three Labs as a group is positioning itself to target large
addressable markets in the food supplement and pharmaceutical spaces, focusing its research and development on active ingredients with
maximum addressable scope. 

Research and Development 

Spade Therapeutics, a wholly owned subsidiary of Day Three Labs Manufacturing,
is responsible for leading Research and Development of all Day Three Labs projects. Currently, Spade Therapeutics is investigating potential
use of the technology to improve upon other third parties FDA approved cannabinoid-based pharmaceuticals. Spade is also investigating
potential uses of the technology for molecules of other, non-hydrophobic molecules. 

8 

OUR STRATEGY 

We are a company with interests in clinical and
early-stage Portfolio Companies, through our interests in Cyclo Therapeutics, our majority equity interest in LipoMedix, wholly-owned
Barer, majority interests in Rafael Medical Devices and Day Three Labs, and majority interest in Cornerstone. Historically, our focus
was on investing in and funding entities to discover and develop novel cancer therapies. More recently, we have expanded our focus to
opportunities in the pharmaceutical industry not exclusively focused on cancer therapies, other healthcare-related investments and opportunities
outside of biopharma. 

The focus of our efforts is subject to change
with market conditions, results of our internal development efforts, the availability of investment opportunities on acceptable terms,
the investment and acquisition opportunities we may pursue, and developments at those targets. 

Our goal within biopharma is to expand our portfolio
and develop and bring to market therapeutics which address high unmet medical needs, opportunistic investments, acquisitions and in-licensing
of assets. 

We plan to continue to selectively invest in pre-clinical
and clinical stage healthcare opportunities, including those in which we already own interests, when determined to be consistent with
our goals, and move toward clinical stage programs as research and development results warrant, while being ready to exploit other opportunities
that may arise. 

Our internal and external investment decisions
will be based on the progress and results of our development and pre-clinical activities and other operational developments, and the availability
of targets for investment, acquisition or licensing. 

GOVERNMENT REGULATION AND COMPLIANCE 

Our operations, products, services, and potential
future customers and those of our Portfolio Companies are subject to extensive government regulation by the FDA and other federal and
state authorities in the United States, as well as comparable authorities in foreign jurisdictions. The global regulatory environment
is increasingly stringent, unpredictable, and complex. There is a global trend toward increased regulatory and enforcement activity related
to all medical products. 

In the U.S., our product candidates and device
candidates are regulated as either drugs or biological products under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FFDCA, and the Public
Health Service Act, or PHSA, and their implementing regulations, or as medical devices under the FFDCA and its implementing regulations,
each as amended and enforced by the FDA. These laws govern the processes by which our product candidates and device candidates would be
brought to market. The FDA has enacted extensive regulations that control all aspects of the development, design, performance, non-clinical
and clinical research, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, labeling, packaging, storage, installation, servicing, recordkeeping, premarket
clearance or approval, adverse event reporting, advertising, promotion, marketing and distribution, postmarket surveillance, and import
and export of drugs, biological products, and medical devices. In addition, the FDA controls the access of products to market through
processes designed to ensure that only products that are safe and effective for their intended use(s) and otherwise meet the applicable
requirements of the FFDCA and/or PHSA before they are made available to the public. 

Review And Approval Of Drugs In The United
States 

In the United States, the FDA approves and regulates
drugs under the FFDCA, and its implementing regulations. The failure to comply with requirements under the FFDCA and other applicable
laws at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval may subject an applicant and/or sponsor to
a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, including refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval,
imposition of a clinical hold, issuance of warning letters and other types of compliance letters, product recalls, product seizures, total
or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement of
profits, or civil or criminal investigations and penalties brought by the FDA and the Department of Justice or other governmental entities. 

9 

Each of Cyclo Therapeutics , LipoMedix s,
Barer s, and Cornerstone s (collectively referred to as the Pharmaceutical Companies current product candidates
must be approved by the FDA through a New Drug Application, or NDA. An applicant seeking approval to market and distribute a new drug
product in the United States must typically undertake the following: 

completion of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in compliance with
the FDA s good laboratory practice, or GLP, regulations; 

submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug, or IND, application, which must take effect before
human clinical trials may begin; 

approval by an independent institutional review board, or IRB, representing each clinical site before
each clinical trial may be initiated at each site; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with good clinical practices,
or GCP, to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug product for each indication; 

submission of pediatric study plans and generation of data, unless inapplicable or otherwise deferred
or waived, that are adequate to assess the safety and effectiveness of the drug candidate for the proposed indication(s) in all relevant
pediatric subpopulations, and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is determined
to be safe and effective; 

preparation and submission to the FDA of an NDA requesting marketing for one or more proposed indications; 

review by an FDA advisory committee, where appropriate if applicable; 

satisfactory completion of one or more FDA inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities at
which the product, or components thereof, are produced and packaged to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices, or
cGMP, requirements and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the product s identity, strength,
quality and purity; 

satisfactory completion of FDA audits of clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GCP and the integrity
of the clinical data; 

payment of user fees and securing FDA approval of the NDA; and 

compliance with any post-approval requirements, including the potential requirement to implement a Risk
Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, and the potential requirement to conduct post-approval studies. 

Before an applicant begins testing a compound
with potential therapeutic value in humans, the drug candidate enters the preclinical testing stage. Preclinical studies include laboratory
evaluation of product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, and the purity and stability of the drug substance, as well as in vitro and
animal studies to assess the potential safety and activity of the drug for initial testing in humans and to establish a rationale for
therapeutic use. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements including good laboratory
practices, or GLP, requirements. The sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information,
analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the IND. An IND is
an exemption from the FFDCA that allows an unapproved drug to be shipped in interstate commerce for use in an investigational clinical
trial and a request for FDA authorization to administer an investigational drug to humans. Such authorization must be secured prior to
interstate shipment and administration of any new drug that is not the subject of an approved NDA. The IND automatically becomes effective
30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA places the clinical trial on a clinical hold within that 30-day time period. In such
a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. The FDA may also impose
clinical holds on a drug candidate at any time before or during clinical trials due to safety concerns or non-compliance. 

A sponsor may choose, but is not required, to
conduct a foreign clinical study under an IND. When a foreign clinical study is conducted under an IND, all FDA IND requirements must
be met unless waived. When the foreign clinical study is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor must ensure that the study complies with
certain FDA regulatory requirements to use the study as support for an IND or subsequent application for regulatory approval. Such studies
must be conducted in accordance with GCP, including review and approval by an independent ethics committee, or IEC, and informed consent
from subjects. The GCP requirements encompass both ethical and data integrity standards for clinical studies. The FDA s regulations
are intended to help ensure the protection of human subjects enrolled in non-IND foreign clinical studies, as well as the quality and
integrity of the resulting data. They further help ensure that non-IND foreign studies are conducted in a manner comparable to that required
for IND studies. 

10 

Clinical trials involve the administration of
the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCP requirements, which
include, among other things, the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent in writing before their participation
in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under written study protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the
study, inclusion and exclusion criteria, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety, and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated.
Each protocol must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND before a clinical trial can begin in the US. In addition, an IRB representing
each study site participating in the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial before it commences at each
site, and the IRB must conduct continuing review and reapprove the study at least annually. The IRB must review and approve, among other
things, the study protocol and informed consent information to be provided to study subjects. 

Human clinical trials are typically conducted
in four sequential phases, which may overlap or be combined under certain limited circumstances when authorized in advance by FDA: 

Phase 1 . The drug candidate is initially
introduced into a small number of healthy human subjects or, in certain indications such as cancer, patients with the target disease or
condition (e.g., cancer) and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution, excretion and, if possible, to
gain an early indication of its effectiveness and to determine optimal dosage. 

Phase 2. The drug candidate is administered
to a limited number of patients in the target patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily
evaluate the efficacy of the product for a specific targeted disease, and to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage. 

Phase 3 . These clinical trials are
commonly referred to as pivotal studies, which denotes a study or studies that present the pivotal data (but not the only
data) that the FDA or other relevant regulatory agency will use to determine whether or not to approve a drug candidate. The investigational
drug is administered to an expanded number of patients in the target patient population, generally at geographically dispersed clinical
trial sites, in well-controlled clinical trials to generate enough data to statistically evaluate the efficacy and safety of the product
for approval, to establish the overall risk-benefit profile of the product, and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the
product. 

Phase 4 . Post-approval studies may
be required to be conducted, or a sponsor may decide on its own to conduct them, in order to collect additional data after initial regulatory
approval. These studies are used to gain additional experience and additional safety and/or efficacy data from the treatment of patients
in the intended therapeutic indication. Following review by FDA, data from Phase 4 studies can result in the suspension of marketing and/or
the withdrawal of approval of the drug for safety or effectiveness reasons. 

Progress reports detailing the results of all
clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse events occur. In addition, IND safety
reports must be submitted to the FDA for any of the following: serious and unexpected suspected adverse reactions; findings from other
studies or animal or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk in humans exposed to the drug; and any clinically important increase
in the case of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the investigator brochure. 

Concurrent with clinical trials, companies often
complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the
drug as well as finalize a process for manufacturing and packaging the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements.
The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the drug candidate and, among other things, the
sponsor must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, purity, and potency of the final drug. Additionally, appropriate
packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the drug candidate does not undergo
unacceptable deterioration in that packaging over its shelf life. 

If clinical trials are successful, the next step
in the drug development process is the preparation and submission to the FDA of an NDA or BLA, Biologics License Application, following
payment of applicable user fees, if any, under PDUFA, the Prescription Drug User Fee Act. The NDA or BLA is the vehicle through which
applicants formally propose that the FDA approve a new drug or biologic for marketing and sale in the United States for one or more indications.
The results of product development, preclinical studies, and clinical trials, along with detailed descriptions of the manufacturing process,
analytical tests conducted on the chemistry of the drug, proposed labeling, and other relevant information are submitted to the FDA as
part of an NDA or BLA requesting approval to market the product. The submission of an NDA or BLA is subject to the payment of substantial
user fees; a waiver of such fees may be obtained under certain limited circumstances. For example, products with orphan drug designation
are not subject to user fees. 

11 

The FDA initially reviews all NDAs and BLAs submitted
to identify if there are any deficiencies before it can officially accept the applications for in-depth review, also known as filing 
of the NDA or BLA. The FDA may request additional information before deciding whether to accept an NDA or BLA for filing, and the applicant
generally must submit the requested information before FDA proceeds. Subject to any additional information requests by FDA, this is generally
a 60-day filing period. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the NDA or BLA. 

After the NDA or BLA submission is accepted for
filing, the FDA reviews the NDA or BLA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe and effective for its intended
use, whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP to assure and preserve the product s identity, strength,
quality, and purity, and whether the product has appropriate labeling for its proposed intended use. There generally is a two-tiered system
of review times standard review and priority review under the FDA s regulations and PDUFA performance goals and
procedures. A priority review designation means FDA s current PDUFA goal is to review and take action on 90 of such applications
within six months (compared to 10 months under standard review) in addition to the 60-day filing period. During the approval process,
the FDA also will determine whether a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, is necessary to assure the safe use of the drug
or biologic following its approval. If the FDA concludes that a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA must submit a proposed REMS; the
FDA will not approve the NDA without a REMS, if a REMS is deemed to be required. 

Before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will typically
inspect the facilities at which the product is to be manufactured. These preapproval inspections may cover all facilities associated with
an NDA or BLA submission, including drug component manufacturing (e.g., active pharmaceutical ingredients), finished drug product manufacturing,
labeling and packaging operations, and control testing laboratories. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that
the manufacturing processes and all facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of
the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical
trial sites to assure compliance with GCP. 

The FDA is required to refer an application for
a novel drug to an advisory committee or explain why such referral was not made. Typically, an advisory committee is a panel of independent
experts, including clinicians and other scientific experts, that reviews, evaluates and provides a recommendation as to whether the application
should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such
recommendations carefully when making decisions about the approval of the drug. 

On the basis of the FDA s evaluation of
the NDA or BLA and accompanying information, including the results of the inspection of the manufacturing facilities and clinical trial
sites, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a complete response letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product
with specific prescribing information for a specific indication or indications in accordance with approved labeling. A complete response
letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the application and may require the sponsor to undertake substantial additional testing
or gather significant additional data and information in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. If a complete response letter
is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the application, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the complete response letter,
or withdraw the application. If and when those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction in a resubmission of the
NDA or BLA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. In its current PDUFA performance goals and procedures, the FDA has committed to reviewing
and acting on 90 of such resubmissions in two or six months depending on the type of information included and the FDA s classification
of the resubmission. Even with submission of this additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not
satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. 

If a product receives regulatory approval, the
approval may be limited to a specific disease(s) and dosage(s) or the indication(s) for use or other product labeling may otherwise be
limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings
or precautions be included in the product labeling. In addition, the FDA may require phase 4 testing, which involves post-approval clinical
trials designed to further assess a product s safety and/or effectiveness, and also may require testing and surveillance programs
to monitor the safety of approved products that have been commercialized. 

Fast track, breakthrough therapy, and priority
review designations 

The FDA is authorized to designate certain product
candidates for expedited review if they are intended to address an unmet medical need in the treatment of a serious or life-threatening
disease or condition. These programs are fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, and priority review designation. Receipt
of such a designation does not necessarily mean that a product candidate will receive an expedited approval. 

12 

Accelerated approval pathway 

The FDA may grant accelerated approval to a product
for a serious or life-threatening condition that provides meaningful therapeutic advantage to patients over existing treatments based
upon a determination that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. The
FDA may also grant accelerated approval for such a condition when the product has an effect on an intermediate clinical endpoint that
can be measured earlier than an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality, or IMM, and that is reasonably likely to predict an effect
on IMM or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack
of alternative treatments. Products granted accelerated approval must meet the same statutory standards for safety and effectiveness as
those granted non-accelerated approval. If post-marketing clinical studies fail to verify the anticipated clinical benefit, FDA may withdraw
approval. 

Post-Approval Requirements 

Any drug that receives FDA approval is subject
to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to recordkeeping, continued adherence to cGMP,
periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, advertising and promotion, and reporting of adverse experiences with the product.
After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, by submitting supplemental
NDAs, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There also are continuing, annual user fee requirements for any marketed products
and the establishments at which such products are manufactured, as well as new application fees for supplemental applications containing
clinical data. 

In addition, drug manufacturers and other entities
involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs are required to register their establishments with the FDA and state agencies,
and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and these state agencies for compliance with cGMP requirements. Changes
to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA review and approval before being implemented. FDA regulations
also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon the sponsor
and any third-party manufacturers, packagers or distributors that the sponsor may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue
to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. 

Once an approval is granted, the FDA may withdraw
the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches
the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency,
or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to
add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks; or imposition of manufacturing
or distribution or other restrictions. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 

restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, shutdown of one or more manufacturing site,
suspension of the approval, product recalls, or complete withdrawal of the product from the market; 

fines, warning letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials; 

refusal of the FDA to approve pending NDAs or BLAs or supplements to approved NDAs or BLAs, or suspension
or revocation of product approvals; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; and/or 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The FDA strictly regulates the marketing, labeling,
advertising, and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs may be promoted only for the approved indication(s) and in
accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting
false or misleading promotion and the promotion of off-label uses, which require that promotion is truthful, not misleading, fairly balanced
and provides adequate directions for use, and that all claims are substantiated, and which also prohibit the promotion of products for
unapproved or off-label uses and impose other restrictions on labeling, in accordance with FDA guidance on off-label dissemination
of information and responding to unsolicited requests for information. A company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses
or engaged in any other false or misleading promotion may be subject to significant liability and enforcement actions. 

13 

In addition, the distribution of prescription
pharmaceutical products is subject to the Prescription Drug Marketing Act, or PDMA, and its implementing regulations, as well as the Drug
Supply Chain Security Act, or DSCA, and its implementing regulations, which together regulate, among other things, the distribution and
tracking and tracing of prescription drugs and prescription drug samples at the federal level, and set minimum standards for the regulation
of drug distributors by the states. The PDMA, its implementing regulations, and state laws limit the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical
product samples, and the DSCA and its implementing regulations impose requirements to ensure accountability in distribution and to identify,
trace and remove counterfeit and other illegitimate or harmful drugs from the market. 

Abbreviated new drug applications for generic
drugs 

In 1984, with passage of the Hatch-Waxman Amendments
to the FFDCA, Congress established an abbreviated regulatory scheme authorizing the FDA to approve generic drugs that are shown to contain
the same active ingredients as, and to be bioequivalent to, drugs previously approved by the FDA pursuant to NDAs. To obtain approval
of a generic drug, an applicant must submit an abbreviated new drug application, or ANDA, to the agency. An ANDA is a comprehensive submission
that contains, among other things, data and information pertaining to the active pharmaceutical ingredient, bioequivalence, drug product
formulation, specifications, and stability of the generic drug, as well as analytical methods, manufacturing process validation data,
and quality control procedures. ANDAs are abbreviated because they generally do not include preclinical and clinical data
to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. Instead, in support of such applications, a generic manufacturer may rely on the FDA s
prior determination of safety and effectiveness based upon the preclinical and clinical testing previously conducted for a drug product
previously approved under an NDA, known as the reference-listed drug, or RLD. 

505(b)(2) NDAs 

As an alternative path to FDA approval for modifications
to formulations or uses of products previously approved by the FDA pursuant to an NDA, an applicant may submit an NDA under Section 505(b)(2)
of the FFDCA. Section 505(b)(2) was enacted as part of the Hatch-Waxman Amendments and permits the filing of an NDA where at least some
of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by, or for, the applicant. If the 505(b)(2) applicant can establish
that reliance on FDA s previous finding of safety and effectiveness of the RLD is scientifically and legally appropriate, it may
eliminate the need to conduct certain preclinical or clinical studies of the new product. The FDA may also require companies to perform
additional studies or measurements, including clinical trials, to support the change from the previously approved RLD. The FDA may then
approve the new product candidate for all, or some, of the label indication(s) for which the RLD has been approved, and/or for any new
indication(s) for which approval is sought by the 505(b)(2) applicant. 

Pediatric studies and exclusivity 

Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, an NDA
or supplement thereto must contain data that are adequate to assess the safety and effectiveness of the drug candidate for the proposed
indication(s) in all relevant pediatric subpopulations, and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for
which the product is determined to be safe and effective. With enactment in 2012 of the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation
Act, or FDASIA, sponsors must also submit pediatric study plans prior to the assessment data. Those plans must contain an outline of the
proposed pediatric study or studies the applicant plans to conduct, including study objectives and design, any deferral or waiver requests,
and any other information required by regulation. The applicant, the FDA, and the FDA s internal review committee must then review
the information submitted, consult with each other, and agree upon a final plan. The FDA or the applicant may request an amendment to
the plan at any time. The FDA may, on its own initiative or at the request of the applicant, grant deferrals for submission of some or
all pediatric data until after approval of the product for use in adults, or full or partial waivers from the pediatric data requirements.
Additional requirements and procedures relating to waiver requests, deferral requests and requests for extension of deferrals are contained
in FDASIA. Unless and until FDA promulgates a regulation stating otherwise, the pediatric data requirements generally do not apply to
products with orphan designation. However, in accordance with the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017, or FDARA, certain orphan designated
cancer drugs are no longer exempt from having to conduct pediatric studies. FDARA requires that any original NDA or BLA submitted on or
after August 18, 2020, for a new active ingredient, must contain studies of molecularly targeted pediatric cancers, unless a deferral
or a waiver is granted, if the drug that is the subject of the application is intended for the treatment of an adult cancer and directed
at a molecular target that the FDA determines to be substantially relevant to the growth or progression of a pediatric cancer. 

14 

Orphan drug designation and exclusivity 

Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate
a drug product as an orphan drug if it is intended to treat a rare disease or condition, generally meaning that it affects
fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more in cases in which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing
and making a drug product available in the United States for treatment of the disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the
product. A company must request orphan drug designation before submitting an NDA or BLA for the drug for the rare disease or condition.
If the request is granted, the FDA will disclose the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential use(s). Orphan drug designation
does not shorten the PDUFA goal dates for the regulatory review and approval process, although it does convey certain advantages such
as tax benefits and exemption from the PDUFA application fee. The first applicant to obtain approval of an orphan drug is eligible for
seven years of exclusivity for a drug, or twelve years of exclusivity for a biologic, during which FDA may not approve the same drug for
the same approved orphan indication unless the subsequent product is shown to be clinically superior or if the FDA withdraws exclusive
approval or revokes orphan drug designation, or if the marketing application (NDA or BLA) for the orphan drug is withdrawn for any reason,
or if the holder of the orphan exclusive approval fails to assure a sufficient quantity of the orphan drug. 

Patent term restoration and extension 

A patent claiming a new drug product or its method
of use or its method of manufacturing may be eligible for a limited patent term extension, also known as patent term restoration, under
the Hatch-Waxman Act, which permits a patent restoration of up to five years for patent term lost during product development and the FDA
regulatory review process. Patent term extension is generally available only for drug products whose active ingredient has not previously
been approved by the FDA. The restoration period granted is typically one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission
date of an NDA or BLA, plus the time between the submission date of an NDA or BLA and the ultimate approval date, up to a maximum of five
years. Patent term extension cannot be used to extend the remaining term of a patent past a total of 14 years from the product s
approval date. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug product is eligible for the extension, and the application for the extension
must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent in question. A patent that covers multiple drugs for which approval is sought
can only be extended in connection with one of the approvals. The United States Patent and Trademark Office, or PTO, reviews and approves
the application for any patent term extension in consultation with the FDA upon PTO s determination that the requirements for an
extension have been met. 

FDA approval and regulation of companion diagnostics 

If safe and effective
use of a therapeutic depends on a diagnostic, a medical device that is often an in vitro diagnostic
or IVD, then the FDA generally will require approval or clearance of that diagnostic, known as a companion diagnostic, at the same time
that the FDA approves the therapeutic product. In August 2014, the FDA issued final guidance clarifying the requirements that will apply
to approval of therapeutic products and in vitro companion diagnostics. According to the guidance,
for novel drugs, a candidate IVD companion diagnostic and its corresponding therapeutic should be co-developed and approved or cleared
contemporaneously by the FDA for the use indicated in the therapeutic product s labeling. In July 2016, the FDA issued a draft guidance
detailing general principles to guide co-development of an in vitro companion diagnostic device with a therapeutic product. In April 2020,
the FDA issued final guidance intended to facilitate class labeling on diagnostic tests for oncology therapeutic products, where scientifically
appropriate. 

Review And Approval Or Clearance Of Medical
Devices In The United States 

Unless an exemption applies, each medical device
commercially distributed in the United States requires either FDA clearance of a Premarket Notification, or 510(k), FDA approval of a
Premarket Approval, or PMA, application, or FDA marketing authorization in response to a De Novo request. Under the FFDCA, medical devices
are classified into one of three classes Class I, Class II or Class III depending on the degree of risk associated with
each medical device and the extent of manufacturer and regulatory control needed to ensure the device s safety and effectiveness.
Devices deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risks, such as life sustaining, life supporting or some implantable devices, or devices
that have a new intended use, or that use advanced technology which is not substantially equivalent to that of a legally marketed device,
are generally placed into Class III. 

While most Class I devices are exempt from the
510(k) premarket notification requirement, manufacturers of most Class II devices are required to submit to the FDA a premarket notification
under Section 510(k) of the FFDCA requesting permission to commercially distribute the proposed device. The FDA s permission to
commercially distribute a device subject to a 510(k) premarket notification is generally known as 510(k) clearance. Class III devices
require approval of a PMA evidencing safety and effectiveness of the device. Certain novel devices of low to moderate risk, for which
the FDA can make a risk-based classification of the device into Class I or II, can receive marketing authorization in response to a De
Novo request. 

15 

To obtain 510(k)
clearance, a manufacturer must pay the appropriate device user fee, unless eligible for a waiver or exemption, and submit a 510(k) premarket
notification demonstrating to the FDA s satisfaction that the proposed device is at least as safe and effective as, that is, substantially
equivalent to, another legally marketed device that itself does not require PMA approval, or a predicate device. A predicate device
is a legally marketed device that is not subject to premarket approval, i.e. , a device that
was legally marketed prior to May 28, 1976 (pre-amendments device) and for which a PMA is not required, a device that has been reclassified
from Class III to Class II or I, or a device that was found substantially equivalent through the 510(k) process. The sponsor must submit
data and information that supports its substantial equivalency claims. The FDA s 510(k) clearance process usually takes from three
to twelve months, but often takes longer. FDA may require additional information, including clinical data, to make a determination regarding
substantial equivalence. In addition, the FDA collects user fees for certain medical device submissions and annual fees for medical device
establishments. 

Before the sponsor can market a proposed device
that is the subject of a 510(k) premarket notification, the sponsor must receive an order from the FDA finding substantial equivalence
and clearing the new device for commercial distribution in the US. If the FDA agrees that the device is substantially equivalent to a
lawfully marketed predicate device, it will grant 510(k) clearance to authorize the device for commercialization. If the FDA determines
that the device is not substantially equivalent, the device is automatically designated as a Class III device. The device
sponsor then must either fulfill the more rigorous PMA requirements, or the sponsor can submit a De Novo request seeking a risk-based
classification determination for the device in accordance with the FDA s De Novo classification process, which is a route to market
for novel medical devices that are low to moderate risk and are not substantially equivalent to a predicate device. A sponsor also can
submit a De Novo classification request directly, without first submitting a 510(k), if the sponsor determines that there is no legally
marketed predicate device upon which to base a determination of substantial equivalence. 

After a device receives 510(k) clearance, any
modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a major change or modification in its
intended use, will require a new 510(k) clearance or, depending on the modification, PMA approval or De Novo classification. The FDA requires
each manufacturer to determine in the first instance whether the proposed change requires submission of a 510(k), a De Novo classification
request or a PMA, but the FDA can review any such decision and disagree with a sponsor s determination. If the FDA disagrees with
a manufacturer s determination not to seek a new 510(k) or other form of marketing authorization for a modification to a 510(k)-cleared
product, the FDA can require the manufacturer to cease marketing and/or request the recall of the modified device until 510(k) clearance
or PMA approval is obtained or a De Novo classification is granted. 

The PMA process is more demanding than either
the 510(k) premarket notification process or the De Novo classification process and includes stringent clinical investigation and other
requirements. In a PMA, the manufacturer must demonstrate that the device is safe and effective, and the PMA must be supported by extensive
data, including data from preclinical studies and human clinical trials. All clinical investigations of devices to determine safety and
effectiveness must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s investigational device exemption, or IDE, regulations, which govern
investigational device labeling, prohibit promotion of investigational devices, and specify an array of recordkeeping, reporting, and
monitoring responsibilities of study sponsors and study investigators. If the device presents a significant risk to human
health, as defined by the FDA, the FDA requires the device sponsor to submit an IDE application to the FDA, which must become effective
prior to commencing human clinical trials. A significant risk device is one that presents a potential for serious risk to the health,
safety or welfare of a patient and either is implanted, used in supporting or sustaining human life, substantially important in diagnosing,
curing, mitigating or treating disease or otherwise preventing impairment of human health, or otherwise presents a potential for serious
risk to a subject. In addition, the study must be approved in advance by, and conducted under the oversight of, an Institutional Review
Board, or IRB, for each clinical site. The IRB is responsible for the initial and continuing review of the IDE, and the IRB may impose
additional requirements for the conduct of the clinical trial. If the device presents a non-significant risk to the patient, a sponsor
may begin the clinical trial after obtaining approval for the trial by one or more IRBs without separate authorization from FDA, but must
still follow abbreviated IDE requirements, such as monitoring the investigation, ensuring that the investigators obtain informed consent,
and adhering to labeling and recordkeeping requirements. 

In addition to clinical and preclinical data,
the PMA must contain a full description of the device and its components, a full description of the methods, facilities, and controls
used for manufacturing, and proposed labeling. Following receipt of a PMA, the FDA determines whether the application is sufficiently
complete to permit a substantive review. If FDA accepts the PMA for review, FDA has 180 days under the FFDCA to complete its review of
a PMA, although in practice, the FDA s review often takes significantly longer, and can take up to several years. An advisory panel
of experts from outside the FDA may be convened to review and evaluate the application and provide recommendations to the FDA as to the
approvability of the device. The FDA may or may not accept the panel s recommendation. In addition, the FDA generally will conduct
a pre-approval inspection of the applicant and/or its third-party manufacturers or suppliers facilities to ensure compliance
with the FDA s Quality System Regulation codified in 21 CFR Part 820, or QSR. 

16 

The FDA will approve the new device for commercial
distribution if the FDA determines that the data and information in the PMA constitute valid scientific evidence and that there is reasonable
assurance that the device is safe and effective for its intended use(s). The FDA may approve a PMA with post-approval conditions intended
to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device, including, among other things, restrictions on labeling, promotion, sale and distribution,
and collection of long-term follow-up data from patients in the clinical study that supported PMA approval or requirements to conduct
additional clinical studies post-approval. The FDA may condition PMA approval on some form of post-market surveillance when deemed necessary
to protect the public health or to provide additional safety and efficacy data for the device in a larger population or for a longer period
of use. In such cases, the manufacturer might be required to follow certain patient groups for a number of years and to make periodic
reports to the FDA on the clinical status of those patients. Failure to comply with the conditions of approval can result in material
adverse enforcement action, including withdrawal of the approval. Certain changes to an approved device, such as changes in manufacturing
facilities, methods, or quality control procedures, or changes in the design performance specifications, which affect the safety or effectiveness
of the device, require submission of a PMA supplement, or in some cases a new PMA. 

Both before and after a medical device is commercially
released, the sponsor has ongoing responsibilities under the FFDCA and FDA regulations. The FDA reviews design and manufacturing practices,
labeling and recordkeeping, and manufacturers required reports of adverse experiences and other information to identify potential
problems with marketed medical devices. Sponsors are also subject to periodic inspection by the FDA for compliance with the FDA s
QSR, among other FDA requirements, such as requirements for advertising and promotion of medical devices. The sponsor s manufacturing
operations, and those of any third-party manufacturers, are required to comply with the QSR, which require manufacturers, including third-party
manufacturers and suppliers, to follow stringent design, testing, control, maintenance of records and documentation, and other quality
assurance procedures during all aspects of the design and manufacturing process both before and after receiving device clearance or approval.
The QSR requires that each manufacturer establish a quality system by which the manufacturer monitors the manufacturing process and maintains
records that show compliance with the FDA regulations and the manufacturer s written specifications and procedures relating to each
device. QSR compliance is necessary to receive and maintain FDA clearance or approval to market new and existing medical devices, and
it is also necessary for distributing in the United States certain devices exempt from FDA clearance and approval requirements. The FDA
conducts announced and unannounced periodic and ongoing inspections of medical device manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers
and suppliers, to determine compliance with the QSR. If in connection with these inspections the FDA believes the manufacturer has failed
to comply with applicable regulations and/or procedures, the FDA may issue inspectional observations on Form FDA-483, or Form 483, that
would necessitate prompt corrective action. If the FDA inspectional observations are not addressed and/or corrective action is not taken
in a timely manner and to the FDA s satisfaction, the FDA may issue a warning letter (which would similarly necessitate prompt corrective
action) and/or proceed directly to other forms of enforcement action, including the imposition of operating restrictions, including a
ceasing of operations, on one or more facilities, enjoining and restraining certain violations of applicable law pertaining to products,
mandating recall of products, seizure of products, and assessing civil or criminal penalties against the manufacturer and its officers
and employees. The FDA could also issue a corporate warning letter or a recidivist warning letter or negotiate the entry of a consent
decree of permanent injunction with the manufacturer. The FDA may also recommend prosecution to the U.S. Department of Justice, or DOJ.
Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict a manufacturer from effectively manufacturing, marketing, and
selling any medical device(s) and could have a material adverse effect on the manufacturer s business, financial condition, and
results of operations. 

After a device is cleared, receives marketing
authorization, or is approved for marketing, numerous pervasive regulatory requirements continue to apply unless a device is explicitly
exempt from them. These include, among other things: 

establishment registration and device listing with the FDA; 

continued adherence to the QSR requirements; 

marketing, labeling, advertising, and promotion regulations, which require that promotion is truthful,
not misleading, fairly balanced and provides adequate directions for use, and that all claims are substantiated and in accordance with
the provisions of the approved label, and which also prohibit the promotion of products for unapproved or off-label uses
and impose other restrictions on labeling, in accordance with FDA guidance on off-label dissemination of information and responding to
unsolicited requests for information; 

clearance or approval of product modifications to 510(k)-cleared, De Novo classified or PMA-approved devices
that could significantly affect safety or effectiveness or that would constitute a major change in intended use of a cleared device; 

17 

medical device reporting regulations, which require that a manufacturer report to the FDA if a device
it markets may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury, or has malfunctioned and the device or a similar device that it
markets would be likely to cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction were to occur; 

correction, removal, and recall reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the
FDA field corrections and product recalls or removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation
of the FFDCA that may present a risk to health; 

complying with requirements governing Unique Device Identifiers on devices and also requiring the submission
of certain information about each device to the FDA s Global Unique Device Identification Database; 

the FDA s recall authority, whereby the agency can order device manufacturers to recall from the
market a product that is in violation of governing laws and/or regulations; and 

post-market surveillance activities and regulations, which apply when deemed by the FDA to be necessary
to protect the public health or to provide additional safety and effectiveness data for the device. 

Review And Approval Of Drugs In Europe And
Other Foreign Jurisdictions 

In addition to regulations in the US, a manufacturer
of drugs is subject to a variety of regulations in foreign jurisdictions to the extent they choose to sell any drug products in those
foreign countries. Even if a manufacturer obtains FDA approval of a product, it must still obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory
authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. To obtain
regulatory approval of an investigational drug or biological product in the European Union, or the EU, a manufacturer must submit a marketing
authorization application, or MAA, to the European Medicines Agency or EMA. For other countries outside of the EU, such as countries in
Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing, and reimbursement
vary from country to country. In all cases, clinical trials are to be conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements
and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. The time required to obtain approval by a foreign country
may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval, and the requirements may differ significantly. 

Review And Approval Of Medical Devices In
Europe And Other Foreign Jurisdictions 

In addition to regulations in the US, a manufacturer
of medical devices is subject to a variety of regulations in foreign jurisdictions, which vary substantially from country to country,
to the extent a manufacturer chooses to sell any medical devices in those foreign countries. In those countries, a manufacturer can be
subject to supranational, national, regional, and local regulations affecting, among other things, the development, design, manufacturing,
product standards, packaging, advertising, promotion, labeling, marketing, and postmarket surveillance of medical devices. In order to
market a medical device in other countries, the sponsor must obtain regulatory approvals or certifications and comply with extensive safety
and quality regulations enforced in those countries. The time required to obtain approval or certification by a foreign country may be
longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval or clearance, and the requirements may differ significantly. 

The EU has adopted specific directives and regulations
regulating the design, manufacture, clinical investigation, conformity assessment, labeling, and adverse event reporting for medical devices.
Until May 25, 2021, medical devices were regulated by Council Directive 93/42/EEC, the EU Medical Devices Directive, or MDD, which had
created a single set of medical device regulations for devices marketed in all EU member countries. Compliance with the MDD and certification
to a quality system (e.g., ISO 13485 certification) enabled a manufacturer to place a CE mark on its products. To obtain authorization
to affix the CE mark to a product, a recognized European Notified Body had to assess a manufacturer s quality system and the product s
conformity to the requirements of the MDD. 

The MDD has been repealed and replaced by Regulation
(EU) No 2017/745, the EU Medical Devices Regulation, or MDR, which imposes significant additional premarket and postmarket requirements
on medical devices. The MDR entered into application on May 26, 2021. Under a corrigendum to the MDR finalized in December 2019, some
low-risk medical devices being up-classified as a result of the MDR, including low-risk instruments, were potentially eligible to receive
a transitional period to comply by May 2024 under certain conditions. The European Commission recently extended the implementation period
to the end of 2027 for high-risk devices and to the end of 2028 for medium- and low-risk devices. 

18 

The MDR establishes a uniform, transparent, predictable,
and sustainable regulatory framework across the EU for medical devices and ensures a high level of safety and health while supporting
innovation. Unlike the MDD, the MDR is directly applicable in EU member states without the need for member states to implement the MDR
into national law, with the aim of increasing harmonization across the EU. The MDR, among other things: 

strengthens the rules on placing devices on the market (e.g., reclassification of certain devices and
wider scope than the MDD) and reinforces surveillance once the devices are commercially available; 

establishes explicit provisions on manufacturers responsibilities for follow-up on the quality,
performance, and safety of devices placed on the market; 

establishes explicit provisions on importers and distributors obligations and responsibilities; 

imposes an obligation to identify a responsible person who is ultimately responsible for all aspects of
compliance with the requirements of the MDR; 

improves the traceability of medical devices throughout the supply chain to the end-user or patient through
the introduction of a unique identification number, to increase the ability of manufacturers and regulatory authorities to trace specific
devices through the supply chain and to facilitate the prompt and efficient recall of medical devices that have been found to present
a safety risk; 

sets up a central database (MDR EUDAMED or EUDAMED), which is collaborative and interoperable and functions
as a registration system, and a collaborative and a dissemination system (partially open to the public) that can, among other things,
provide patients, healthcare professionals, and the public with information on medical devices available in the EU; and 

strengthens rules for the assessment of certain high-risk devices, such as implants, which may have to
undergo a clinical evaluation consultation procedure by experts before they are placed on the market. 

Devices lawfully placed on the market pursuant
to the MDD prior to May 26, 2021, or thereafter if eligible under the MDR transition provisions, may generally continue to be made available
on the market or put into service through the applicable extended transition period, provided that the requirements of the MDR s
transitional provisions are fulfilled. Among other requirements, depending on the class of device, the certificate in question must still
be valid and not withdrawn, an MDR-compliant quality management system must be implemented and an application for a conformity assessment
must be submitted by May 26, 2024, and an agreement for a conformity assessment must be executed with a Notified Body by September 26,
2024. However, even in these cases, manufacturers must comply with a number of new or reinforced requirements set forth in the MDR, in
particular the obligations described below. 

The MDR requires that before placing a device,
other than a custom-made device, on the market, manufacturers (as well as other economic operators such as authorized representatives
and importers) must register by submitting identification information to the electronic system (EUDAMED), unless they have already registered.
The information to be submitted by manufacturers (and authorized representatives) also includes the name, address, and contact details
of the person or persons responsible for regulatory compliance. The MDR also requires that, before placing a device, other than a custom-made
device, on the market, manufacturers must assign a unique identifier to the device and provide it along with other core data to the unique
device identifier, or UDI, database. These new requirements aim at ensuring better identification and traceability of medical devices.
Each device and, as applicable, each package will have a UDI composed of two parts: a device identifier, or UDI-DI, specific
to a device, and a production identifier, or UDI-PI, to identify the unit producing the device. Manufacturers are also responsible for
entering the necessary data on EUDAMED, which includes the UDI database, and for keeping it up to date. The obligations for registration
in EUDAMED and other mandatory uses of the system will start six months after the entire EUDAMED system (including all six modules) has
been declared fully functional following an independent audit and an EU Commission notice to be published in the Official Journal and
in accordance with the transitional provisions set out in the MDR. Until EUDAMED is fully functional, the corresponding provisions of
the MDD continue to apply for the purpose of meeting the obligations laid down in the provisions regarding exchange of information, including,
and in particular, information regarding registration of devices and economic operators. 

All manufacturers placing medical devices into
the market in the EU must comply with the EU medical device vigilance system. Under this system, serious incidents and Field Safety Corrective
Actions, or FSCAs, must be reported to the relevant authorities of the EU member states. Manufacturers are required to take FSCAs, which
are defined as any corrective action for technical or medical reasons to prevent or reduce a risk of a serious incident associated with
the use of a medical device that is made available on the market. An FSCA may include the recall, modification, exchange, destruction
or retrofitting of the device. 

19 

The advertising and promotion of medical devices
in the EU is subject to some general principles set forth in EU legislation. Under the MDR, only devices that are CE marked may be marketed
and advertised in the EU in accordance with their intended purpose. Directive 2006/114/EC concerning misleading and comparative advertising
and Directive 2005/29/EC on unfair commercial practices, while not specific to the advertising of medical devices, also apply to the advertising
of medical devices and contain general rules, for example, requiring that advertisements are evidenced, balanced, and not misleading.
Specific requirements are defined at a national level. EU member states laws related to the advertising and promotion of medical
devices, which vary between jurisdictions, may limit or restrict the advertising and promotion of products to the general public and may
impose limitations on promotional activities with healthcare professionals. 

Many EU member states have adopted specific anti-gift
statutes that further limit commercial practices for medical devices, in particular with respect to healthcare professionals and organizations.
Additionally, there has been a recent trend of increased regulation of payments and transfers of value provided to healthcare professionals
or entities, and many EU member states have adopted national Sunshine Acts which impose reporting and transparency requirements
(often on an annual basis), similar to the requirements in the US, on medical device manufacturers. Certain countries also mandate implementation
of commercial compliance programs. 

The aforementioned EU requirements are generally
applicable in the European Economic Area, or EEA, which consists of the 27 EU member states plus Norway, Liechtenstein, and Iceland. 

Many other countries have specific requirements
for classification, registration, and post-marketing surveillance that are independent of the countries discussed above. This landscape
is constantly evolving and compliance with the regulatory requirements may require modifications to various systems, additional resources
in certain functions, and updates to technical parameters, among other changes. Rafael Medical Devices could be found in violation if
it interprets the laws incorrectly or fails to keep pace with changes in laws and regulations. In the event of either of these occurrences,
Rafael Medical Devices could be instructed to recall any products that it is marketing, cease manufacturing and/or distribution, and/or
be subject to civil or criminal penalties. 

Pharmaceutical Coverage, Pricing, And Reimbursement 

In the United States and markets in other countries,
patients who are prescribed treatments for their conditions and providers performing the prescribed services generally rely on third-party
payors to reimburse all or part of the associated healthcare costs. Patients are unlikely to use our products unless coverage is provided
and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of our products. Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage
and reimbursement status of products approved by the FDA and other government authorities. Even if one of the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates is approved, sales of the Pharmaceutical Companies products will depend, in part, on the extent to which third-party
payors, including government health programs in the United States such as Medicare and Medicaid, commercial health insurers, and managed
care organizations, provide coverage, and establish adequate reimbursement levels for, such products. The process for determining whether
a payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the price or reimbursement rate that the payor
will pay for the product once coverage is approved. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged, examining the
medical necessity, and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of medical products and services and imposing controls to manage costs. Third-party
payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, also known as a formulary, which might not include all of the approved
products for a particular indication. 

There have been, and likely will continue to be,
legislative and regulatory proposals at the foreign, federal, and state levels directed at broadening the availability of healthcare and
containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. Such reforms could have an adverse effect on anticipated revenue from product candidates
that the Pharmaceutical Companies or Rafael Medical Devices may successfully develop and for which they may obtain regulatory approval
and may affect their overall financial condition and ability to develop product candidates. 

20 

Healthcare Law And Regulation 

In addition to FDA restrictions on marketing of
drug products and medical devices, other supranational, national, regional, federal, state, and local laws concerning healthcare fraud
and abuse, including false claims and anti-kickback laws, healthcare professional payment transparency laws, and privacy laws restrict
business practices in the pharmaceutical and medical device industries. These laws have been subject to increased enforcement activities
with respect to medical product manufacturers and distributors in recent years. Violations of these laws are punishable by criminal and/or
civil sanctions, including, in some instances, fines, imprisonment and, within the US, exclusion from participation in government healthcare
programs, including Medicare, Medicaid, Department of Defense, and Veterans Administration health programs. Restrictions under applicable
federal and state and analogous foreign healthcare laws and regulations include the following: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering,
paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering, or arranging for or recommending
the purchase, lease, or order of any item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs; 

the federal False Claims Act, which prohibits any person from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented,
a false claim for payment to the federal government or knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record or statement
material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government; 

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which created additional
federal criminal laws that prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud
any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, and their
respective implementing regulations, including the Final Omnibus Rule published in January 2013, which impose obligations, including mandatory
contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable protected health
information, including breach notification regulations; 

new regulations adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, effective December 18, 2023,
that require greater disclosure regarding cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance, as well as disclosure of material cybersecurity
incidents, which may require reporting of a cybersecurity incident before its impact has been fully assessed or the underlying issue has
been remediated, which could divert management s attention from incident response and could potentially reveal system vulnerabilities
to threat actors, and for which failure to timely report such incidents under these or other similar rules could also result in monetary
fines, sanctions or other forms of liability. 

analogous state data privacy and security laws and regulations that govern the collection, use, disclosure,
transfer, storage, disposal, and protection of personal information, such as social security numbers, medical and financial information,
and other information, including data breach laws that require timely notification to individuals, and at times regulators, the media
or credit reporting agencies, if a company has experienced the unauthorized access or acquisition of personal information, as well as
the California Consumer Privacy Act or CCPA, which, among other things, contains new disclosure obligations for businesses that collect
personal information about California residents and affords those individuals numerous rights relating to their personal information that
may affect companies ability to use personal information or share it with business partners, and the California Privacy Rights
Act, or CPRA, which expands the scope of the CCPA, imposes new restrictions on behavioral advertising, and establishes a new California
Privacy Protection Agency that will enforce the law and issue regulations, and became operative on January 1, 2023, with
a 12-month lookback provision applicable to personal data collected on or after January 1, 2022, and the various state laws
and regulations may be more restrictive and not preempted by United States federal laws; 

analogous foreign data protection laws, including among others the EU General Data Protection Regulation,
or the GDPR, and EU member states implementing legislation, which imposes data protection requirements that include strict obligations
and restrictions on the ability to collect, analyze, and transfer EU personal data, a requirement for prompt notice of data breaches to
data subjects and supervisory authorities in certain circumstances, and possible substantial fines for any violations (including possible
fines for certain violations of up to the greater of 20 million Euros or 4 of total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial
year), with legal requirements in foreign countries relating to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of personal data continuing
to evolve and varying widely across jurisdictions; 

the United States civil monetary penalties statute, which imposes penalties against any person who is
determined to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to a federal health program that the person knows or should know is for
an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent; 

the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics,
and medical supplies to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services information related to payments and other
transfers of value made by that entity to physicians and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians
and their immediate family members; 

21 

analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which
may apply to healthcare items or services that are reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers; and 

state laws requiring pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary
compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government. State and foreign laws also govern the
privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are
not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

In addition, our operations in foreign countries
are subject to the extraterritorial application of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA. Our global operations are
also subject to foreign anti-corruption laws, such as the United Kingdom Bribery Act, among others. As part of our global compliance program,
we seek to address anti-corruption risks proactively. 

COMPETITION 

We and the Portfolio Companies operate in highly
competitive segments. We and the Portfolio Companies face competition from many different sources, including commercial pharmaceutical
and biotechnology and medical device enterprises, academic institutions, government agencies, and private and public research institutions.
Many of our and the Portfolio Companies competitors have significantly greater financial, product development, manufacturing and
marketing resources than we and the Portfolio Companies possess. Large pharmaceutical companies and medical device companies have extensive
experience in development, clinical testing and obtaining regulatory approval for drugs and devices. In addition, many universities and
private and public research institutes are active in research in direct competition with us and the Portfolio Companies. We and the Portfolio
Companies also may compete with these organizations to recruit scientists and clinical development personnel. Smaller or early-stage companies
may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. 

Our and the Portfolio Companies competitors
are pursuing the development and/or acquisition of pharmaceuticals, medical devices and over-the-counter OTC products
that target the same diseases, conditions and unmet needs that we and the Portfolio Companies are targeting. If competitors introduce
new products, delivery systems or processes with therapeutic or cost advantages, our and the Portfolio Companies products can be
subject to progressive price reductions or decreased volume of sales, or both. Most new products that we and the Portfolio Companies would
introduce must compete with other products already on the market or products that are later developed by competitors. The principal methods
of competition for our and the Portfolio Companies products include quality, efficacy, market acceptance, price, and marketing
and promotional efforts, patient access programs and product insurance coverage and reimbursement. 

We face competition from other entities, including
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and governmental institutions that are working on supporting orphan drug designations and clinical
trials for the neurological manifestations of NPC. Some of these entities are well-funded, with more financial, technical and personnel
resources than we have, and have more experience than we do in designing and implementing clinical trials. Two of our competitors were
granted FDA approval of combination therapies for NPC on September 20, 2024 and September 24, 2024, and are each expected to be
in the market in the second quarter of 2025. If we are unable to compete effectively against our current or future competitors, sales
of our Trappsol Cyclo product may not grow and our financial condition may suffer. 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

Licenses 

LipoMedix maintains an exclusive license agreement
with Yissum Research and Development Company, the technology transfer arm of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem granting LipoMedix the
exclusive right to make, use and sell products covered under specified patents relating to the mitomycin lipophilic prodrug and its liposomal
formulation (Promitil with the right to grant sublicenses. LipoMedix also maintains an exclusive license agreement with
Shaare Zedek Scientific Company, the technology transfer arm of Shaare Zedek Medical Center SZMC ), granting LipoMedix the
exclusive right to license any new intellectual property developed at SZMC relating to the mitomycin lipophilic prodrug and its liposomal
formulation (Promitil with the right to grant sublicenses. 

Barer s
subsidiary, Farber Partners, LLC Farber , has formed agreements w ith Princeton
University s Office of Technology Licensing for technology from the laboratory of Professor Joshua Rabinowitz, in the Department
of Chemistry, Princeton University, for an exclusive worldwide license to its SHMT (serine hydroxymethyltransferase) inhibitor program
and use of Methanol and prodrugs in therapy. 

Cornerstone maintains an exclusive license agreement
with the Research Foundation of the State University of New York at Stony Brook, or RF, granting Cornerstone the exclusive right to make,
use and sell products covered under specified technology relating to lipoic acid derivatives with the right to grant sublicenses. This
license agreement was amended in 2004, 2007 and 2017. Cornerstone maintains a low single-digit royalty agreement with Altira Capital and
Consulting, LLC Altira ), pursuant to which Cornerstone is granted sole ownership of certain patents directed to lipoic acid
derivatives and other technology. Rafael possesses a 2/3 ownership interest in Altira. 

22 

Patents 

The designation of Trappsol Cyclo 
as an orphan drug for the treatment of NPC1 by the FDA and European regulators would provide Cyclo with seven years, and 10 to 12 years,
of market exclusivity, respectively, if it were to receive regulatory approval for its designated orphan indication. Cyclo also protected
its Trappsol and Aquaplex trademarks by registering them with the USPTO. In July 2024, Cyclo received
a notice of decision from the European Patent Office to grant a patent application regarding the methods to treat Alzheimer s Disease,
with an effective date of August 21, 2024. 

LipoMedix owns or in-licenses several families
of U.S. patents. Additional patent applications may be filed as studies continue. Patents that LipoMedix has obtained and patents that
may issue in the future based on LipoMedix s currently pending patent applications for its platform technologies are scheduled to
expire in years 2032 through 2040. These dates do not include potential patent term extensions. 

Four patent applications covering the use of Promitil ,
in combination with other chemotherapies and with radiotherapy, targeting of Promitil with a folate ligand, and a reformulation
of Promitil with co-encapsulated mitomycin prodrug and doxorubicin have been approved by the USPTO or EPO in 2018-2020.
The patent portfolio is currently comprised of four granted families of patents and two applications under review. 

Barer has filed patents for its novel inventions,
and has entered into licensing agreements for other intellectual property. Patent applications have been filed in the name of Farber Partners,
LLC (Barer s subsidiary) in the areas of T-cell nutrients to enhance checkpoint inhibition and one-carbon metabolism, and serine
hydroxymethyltransferase (SHMT) inhibitors for therapies directed to treatment of cancer, autoimmune disease and fibrotic disease. In
the area of T-cell nutrients, a Patent Cooperation Treaty Application (PCT) was filed on July 15, 2022, claiming priority to two US provisional
applications that were filed in July and December of 2021. The PCT application entered the US national phase and the European regional
phase in January of 2024. In the area of SHMT inhibitors, a US provisional application was filed on May 21, 2024. Pursuant to a Collaboration
and Assignment Agreement between Farber and Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research Ltd. Ludwig ), Farber assigned its rights
to these patents to Ludwig. 

Cornerstone patents its technology, inventions,
and improvements that it considers important to the development of its business. A patent gives the patent holder the right to exclude
any unauthorized use of the subject matter of the patent in those jurisdictions in which a patent is granted. Cornerstone owns or in-licenses
dozens of U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications with expiration dates ranging from 2028 through 2042, not including potential
patent term extensions. Cornerstone also has obtained U.S. orphan drug designation for CPI-613 (devimistat) in the treatment of pancreatic
cancer, AML, MDS, Burkitt s Lymphoma, Peripheral T-cell Lymphoma (PTCL), soft tissue sarcoma, and biliary cancer. 

Cornerstone maintains U.S. and international trademarks
covering its lead development compounds (CPI-613 (devimistat) and Telaglenastat (CB-839)). U.S. and international trademarks are
also maintained for potential brand names of devimistat that could be used if it were to receive regulatory approval permitting commercialization. 

Rafael Medical Devices patents its technology,
inventions, and improvements that it considers important to the development of its business and seeks to expand its intellectual property
portfolio. As of September 16, 2023, Rafael Medical Devices had filed the following patent application related to its devices with the
USPTO and PCT: Patent application entitled, Compression Anchor Systems, Devices, Instruments, Implants and Methods of Assembly and Use;
and patent application entitled Videoscopic Arthroscopic Instruments, Devices, and Systems and Methods of Use and Assembly. 

Day Three Labs Manufacturing, a majority-owned
subsidiary of Day Three Labs, owns several families of US and international patents and patent applications related the service it provides
to other third-party manufacturers to increase the bioavailability of cannabinoids. Day Three Labs Manufacturing has also filed for trademark
protection over the use of the term UNLOKT, which it uses as the brand name for the other third-party manufacturers cannabinoids
processed using its technology. 

Additional patent applications may be filed as
development progresses across the Portfolio Companies as deemed to be in its best interest. 

23 

MANUFACTURING 

The Portfolio Companies do not own or operate,
and currently have no plans to establish, any manufacturing facilities or fill-and-finish facilities. The Pharmaceutical Companies currently
rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the manufacture of their product candidates for preclinical and clinical testing,
as well as for commercial manufacture of any products that they may commercialize. The Pharmaceutical Companies obtain supplies from these
established contract manufacturers on a purchase-order basis and do not have long-term supply arrangements in place. The Pharmaceutical
Companies do not currently have arrangements in place for a redundant supply of bulk drug substance or drug product, however, they may
seek to add that capability if they move toward commercialization of specific candidates. For all of the product candidates, the Pharmaceutical
Companies intend to identify and qualify additional manufacturers to provide the active pharmaceutical ingredient and the formulation
and fill-and-finish. 

Cyclo is developing its lead product candidate,
Trappsol Cyclo , for the proposed treatment of Niemann-Pick Disease, Type C1. The company owns all manufacturing
and commercial rights to the product and manufactures using a validated, commercial-scale process using a team of contract manufacturing
service providers. 

LipoMedix s Promitil and
other pipeline candidates are based on an active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) referred to as MLP (abbreviation of mitomycin-C lipid-based
prodrug) that is formulated into customized nanoparticles. These nanoparticles consist of lipids and a polyethylene-glycol (PEG) polymer
and are known as pegylated liposomes. LipoMedix obtains bulk drug substance and drug product supplies from established contract manufacturers
on a purchase order basis and does not have long-term supply arrangements in place. LipoMedix does not currently have arrangements in
place for commercial supply or redundant supply for bulk drug substance or drug product. 

Rafael Medical Devices optimizes supply chains
and manufacturing on a device per device basis focusing on quality, time, and cost. At present, Rafael Medical Devices does not own or
operate manufacturing facilities. Rafael Medical Devices management has relationships with top tier manufacturers that it leverages on
an as-needed basis. 

Day Three Labs Manufacturing, a majority-owned
subsidiary of Day Three, provides a processing service to other third-party manufacturers for which it processes cannabinoids together
with proteins using commercially available filtration equipment. Proteins used by Day Three Labs Manufacturing are obtained from established
commercial manufacturers. Cannabinoids are acquired, owned, managed and held by the other third-party manufacturers for whom Day Three
Labs Manufacturing provides processing services, and those manufacturers exclusively manage and control the process of obtaining and taking
custody of the material from state-licensed growers and extractors as well as controlling the overall process of manufacturing, marketing,
and distributing their final products. All processing services take place at other third-party manufacturers state-licensed cannabis
facilities, and Day Three Labs Manufacturing does not manage or take ownership, custody or control of the cannabinoids being processed,
but rather provides their technology to other third-party manufacturers as a processing service. 

Real Estate 

Our current commercial real estate holdings consist
of a portion of a building in Israel. Prior to its sale in August 2022, we also owned the 520 Property. 

On August 22, 2022, the Company completed the
sale of the 520 Property for a purchase price of 49.4 million. 

The 520 Property was encumbered by a mortgage
securing a 15 million loan which was paid off in this transaction. After repaying the loan, and paying commissions, taxes, and other
costs, the Company received a net amount of approximately 33 million at closing. 

The 520 Property serves as the headquarters of
the Company and affiliated entities, IDT Corporation IDT ), and Genie Energy, Ltd. Genie ), who occupy the second
through fourth floors. 

Our holding in Israel is a condominium portion
of an office building built in 2004 located in the Har Hotzvim section of Jerusalem, Israel. The condominium is one floor comprising approximately
12,400 gross square feet including 24 indoor parking spaces. Har Hotzvim is a high-tech industrial park located in northwest Jerusalem.
It is the city s main zone for science-based and technology companies, among them Intel, Teva and Mobileye. As of July 31,
2024, the space is fully leased to two tenants; one of which is an IDT subsidiary. 

24 

Depreciation
expense of property, plant and equipment was 137 thousand and 78 thousand as of July 31,
2024 and 2023 , respectively. Depreciation expense for
the year ended July 31, 2024 includes depreciation of acquired assets from the Day Three
Acquisition and Cornerstone Acquisition. 

COMPETITION 

With respect to our real estate business, we compete
for commercial (office and retail) tenants in Jerusalem, Israel. The commercial real estate market is highly competitive. Numerous commercial
properties compete with us for tenants based on location, rental rates, tenant allowances, operating expenses and the quality and design
of the property. Other factors tenants consider are; quality and breadth of tenant services provided, onsite amenities and reputation
of the owner and property manager. 

OUR STRATEGY 

Our strategy related to our real estate business
is to continue to operate and maximize the value of our real estate holding in Israel. 

EMPLOYEES 

As
of November 5, 2024, Rafael Holdings and its subsidiaries had 28 full-time and 3 part-time employees. 

25 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

RISK FACTORS 

Our business, operating results or financial
condition could be materially adversely affected by any of the following risks associated with any one of our businesses, as well as the
other risks highlighted elsewhere in this document. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks. Note
that references to our , us , we , the Company , etc. used in each risk factor below
refers to the business about which such risk factor is provided. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Condition
and Capital Needs 

We have limited resources and could find
it difficult to raise additional capital. 

We may need to raise additional capital for operations
and in order for stockholders to realize increased value on our securities. In the event the merger is consummated with Cyclo (the Merger and if the current Phase III trial for Trappsol Cyclo is successful, we may need to raise capital for the
manufacturing, distribution and commercialization of Trappsol Cyclo . Given the current global economy and
other factors, if we need to raise additional capital, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain the necessary funding
on commercially reasonable terms in a timely fashion or at all. Failure to receive the funding could have a material adverse effect on
our business, prospects, and financial condition. 

Our limited operating history makes it difficult
to evaluate our business and prospects and may increase your investment risk. 

We have only a limited operating history upon
which our business and prospects can be evaluated. We expect to encounter risks and difficulties frequently encountered by early-stage
companies in the industries in which we operate. 

We have not yet demonstrated our ability to successfully
complete any clinical trials, including large-scale, pivotal clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals, manufacture a commercial scale
medicine, or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful commercialization.
Typically, it takes about ten to fifteen years to develop one new medicine from the time it is discovered to when it is available for
treating patients. Consequently, any predictions made about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if
we had a longer operating history. 

In addition, we may encounter unforeseen expenses,
difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors and risks frequently experienced by clinical stage biopharmaceutical
companies in rapidly evolving fields. We will also need to transition from a company with a research focus to a company capable of supporting
commercial activities. If we do not adequately address these risks and difficulties or successfully make such a transition, our business
will suffer, our future revenue potential may be impacted, and our ability to pursue our growth strategy and attain profitability could
be compromised. 

26 

We hold significant cash, cash equivalents,
and investments that are subject to various market risks. 

As of July 31, 2024, we held approximately 2.7
million in cash and cash equivalents, approximately 63.3 million in short-term available-for-sale securities, 0.4 million in third-party
and related party receivables, approximately 0.5 million in interests receivable, and 2.5 million in investment in hedge funds. Investments
in hedge funds carry a degree of risk, as there can be no assurance that we will be able to redeem any hedge fund investments at any time
or that our investment managers will be able to accurately predict the course of price movements of securities and other instruments and,
in general, the securities markets have in recent years been characterized by great volatility and unpredictability. Our passive interests
in other entities are not currently liquid, and we cannot assure that we will be able to liquidate them when we desire, or ever. As a
result of these different market risks, our holdings of cash, cash equivalents, and investments could be materially and adversely affected. 

We may not be able to consummate any investment,
business combination or other transaction. 

While we are actively seeking corporate development
opportunities, we may not be able to find any suitable target businesses and consummate an investment, business combination or other transaction.
Our ability to complete any such transactions may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the debt and equity
markets, decreased market liquidity, and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

Risks Related to our Pharmaceuticals Business 

Our future success may depend significantly
on results of Cyclo Therapeutics Phase III trial for Trappsol Cyclo . If Cyclo is unable to successfully
develop, gain regulatory approval for or commercialize its product candidates or experiences significant delays in doing so, our business
will be materially harmed. 

We have invested a significant amount of capital in Cyclo. Our dependence
on the success of Trappsol Cyclo and the need for additional capital will increase if the merger is consummated and the Phase
III trial for Trappsol Cyclo is successful. 

The success of Trappsol Cyclo is beyond
our and Cyclo s control, and the drug development and regulatory approval processes could cause significant delay or prevent Cyclo
from obtaining regulatory approval or commercializing Trappsol Cyclo or any other product candidates. If Cyclo is unable to
develop, obtain regulatory approval for, or, if approved, successfully commercialize its product candidates, we may not be able to generate
sufficient revenue to continue our business. 

27 

The Pharmaceutical Companies may not be
successful in their efforts to identify or discover potential product candidates. 

Our business strategy includes elements for our
subsidiaries and entities in which we invest to identify, create and test compounds, and to advance clinical testing of those and other
compounds. A significant portion of the research that the Pharmaceutical Companies are conducting involves new compounds and drug discovery
methods and suitable drug delivery systems, including the Pharmaceutical Companies proprietary technology. The drug discovery that
the Pharmaceutical Companies are conducting using the Pharmaceutical Companies proprietary technology may not be successful in
identifying compounds that are useful in treating cancer or other ailments. The Pharmaceutical Companies research programs may
initially show promise in identifying potential product candidates, yet fail to yield product candidates for clinical development for
a number of reasons, including: 

the research methodology used may not be successful in identifying appropriate biomarkers, potential product
candidates or effective carrier systems to confer a drug delivery advantage; 

potential product candidates may, on further study, be shown to not be effective, have harmful side effects
or other characteristics that indicate that they are unlikely to be medicines that will receive regulatory approval and achieve market
acceptance. 

Research programs to identify new product candidates
require substantial technical, financial, and human resources. The Pharmaceutical Companies may choose to focus the Pharmaceutical Companies 
efforts and resources on a potential product candidate that ultimately proves to be unsuccessful. 

If the Pharmaceutical Companies are unable to
identify suitable compounds for preclinical and clinical development, and/or are unable to successfully secure regulatory approval for
any such compounds, the Pharmaceutical Companies will not be able to obtain product revenue in future periods, which likely would result
in significant harm to the Pharmaceutical Companies financial position and adversely impact the Pharmaceutical Companies 
valuation and our business. 

We and the companies in which we hold interests
may expend our and their limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or an indication and fail to capitalize on product
candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 

Because the Pharmaceutical Companies have limited
financial and managerial resources, their focus on research programs and product candidates that they may or will identify for specific
indications may not be exhaustive. As a result, the Pharmaceutical Companies may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product
candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential. The Pharmaceutical Companies resource
allocation decisions may cause them to fail to capitalize on viable commercial medicines or profitable market opportunities. The Pharmaceutical
Companies spending on current and future research and development programs and product candidates for specific indications may
not yield any commercially viable medicines. If the Pharmaceutical Companies do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target
market for a particular product candidate, they may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing
or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for them to retain sole development and commercialization
rights to such product candidate. 

28 

Preclinical and clinical drug development
is a lengthy and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome. Our and the Pharmaceutical Companies preclinical and clinical programs
may experience delays or may never advance, which would adversely affect the ability to obtain regulatory approvals or commercialize product
candidates on a timely basis or at all, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 

In order to obtain FDA approval to market a new
drug, the product sponsor must demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the new drug in humans to the satisfaction of the FDA. To meet these
requirements, the Pharmaceutical Companies will have to conduct extensive studies, including pre-clinical studies and adequate and well-controlled
clinical trials. Clinical testing is very expensive, time-consuming, and subject to uncertainty. 

Before the Pharmaceutical Companies can commence
clinical trials for a product candidate, they must complete extensive nonclinical and preclinical studies that support their planned and
future INDs in the United States. We cannot be certain of the timely completion or outcome of the Pharmaceutical Companies nonclinical
and preclinical studies and cannot predict if the FDA will allow their proposed clinical programs to proceed or if the outcome of their
nonclinical and preclinical studies will ultimately support further development of their programs. We also cannot be sure that the Pharmaceutical
Companies will be able to submit INDs or similar applications with respect to their product candidates on the timelines we expect, if
at all, and we cannot be sure that submission of IND or similar applications will result in the FDA or other regulatory authorities allowing
clinical trials to begin. 

Conducting nonclinical and preclinical testing
and clinical trials represents a lengthy, time-consuming, and expensive process. The length of time may vary substantially according to
the type, complexity, and novelty of the program, and often can be several years or more per development program. Delays associated with
programs for which the Pharmaceutical Companies are conducting nonclinical and preclinical studies may cause them to incur additional
operating expenses. The commencement and rate of completion of nonclinical and preclinical studies and clinical trials for a product candidate
may be delayed by many factors, including, for example: 

inability to generate sufficient nonclinical and preclinical or other in vivo or in vitro data to support
the initiation of clinical studies; 

timely completion of nonclinical and preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies, and formulation studies
in accordance with FDA s good laboratory practice requirements and other applicable regulations; 

approval by an independent Institutional Review Board, or IRB, or ethics committee at each clinical site
before each trial may be initiated; 

delays in reaching a consensus with regulatory agencies on study design and obtaining regulatory authorization
to commence clinical trials; 

delays in reaching agreement on acceptable contractual terms with prospective contract research organizations,
or CROs, and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different
CROs and clinical trial sites; 

delays in identifying, recruiting and training suitable clinical investigators; 

29 

delays in recruiting eligible patients to participate in clinical trials; 

delays in manufacturing, testing, releasing, validating or importing/exporting sufficient stable quantities
of product candidates for use in clinical trials; 

insufficient or inadequate supply or quality of product candidates or other materials necessary for use
in clinical trials, or delays in sufficiently developing, characterizing or controlling a manufacturing process suitable for clinical
trials; 

imposition of a temporary or permanent clinical hold by regulatory authorities; 

developments on trials conducted by competitors for related technology or medical products that raise
FDA or foreign regulatory authority concerns about risk to patients of the technology broadly, or if the FDA or a foreign regulatory authority
finds that the investigational protocol or plan is clearly deficient to meet its stated objectives; 

delays in recruiting, screening and enrolling patients and delays caused by patients withdrawing from
clinical trials or failing to return for post-treatment follow-up; 

difficulty collaborating with patient groups and investigators; 

failure by CROs, other third parties or the Pharmaceutical Companies to adhere to clinical trial protocols; 

failure by CROs, other third parties or the Pharmaceutical Companies to perform in accordance with the
FDA s or any other regulatory authority s good laboratory practices, or GLPs, good clinical practice requirements, or GCP,
or other applicable regulatory guidelines in other countries; 

occurrence of adverse events associated with the product candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential
benefits, or occurrence of adverse events in a clinical trial of the same class of agents conducted by other companies; 

changes to the clinical trial protocols; 

clinical sites deviating from trial protocols or dropping out of a trial; 

changes in regulatory requirements and guidance, or data from an ongoing or other studies, that require
amending or submitting new clinical protocols; 

30 

changes in the standard of care on which a clinical development plan was based, which may require new
or additional trials; 

selection of inclusion and/or exclusion criteria that significantly inhibit the ability to recruit patients
into clinical trials; 

selection of clinical endpoints that require prolonged periods of observation or analyses of resulting
data; 

the cost of clinical trials of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates being greater than
anticipated; 

interruptions of and/or delays in the clinical trials of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates
and the potential impact of such interruptions or delays on a product candidate s development program and the validity of clinical
data result from a product candidate s development program; 

clinical trials of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates producing negative or inconclusive
results, which may result in our or their deciding, or regulators requiring us, to amend clinical trial protocols, conduct additional
clinical trials or abandon development of such product candidates; 

transfer of manufacturing processes to larger-scale facilities operated by a contract manufacturing organization,
or CMO, and delays or failure by CMOs or the Pharmaceutical Companies to properly implement or make any necessary changes to such manufacturing
processes; and 

third parties being unwilling or unable to satisfy their contractual obligations to us or the Pharmaceutical
Companies. 

In addition, disruptions caused by the COVID-19
pandemic and subsequent variants may increase the likelihood that the Pharmaceutical Companies encounter difficulties or delays in initiating,
enrolling, conducting or completing any planned and ongoing nonclinical and preclinical studies and clinical trials. Any inability by
the Pharmaceutical Companies to successfully initiate or complete nonclinical and preclinical studies or clinical trials could result
in additional costs or impair our ability to generate revenue from future product sales of any product candidates that were thought to
be on track to receive regulatory approval. In addition, if the Pharmaceutical Companies make manufacturing or formulation changes to
their product candidates that already have undergone or are undergoing clinical evaluation, they may be required to or may elect to conduct
additional studies to bridge modified product candidates to earlier versions. Clinical trial delays could also shorten any periods during
which any marketed products have patent protection and may allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which could
impair our ability to successfully commercialize the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates and may seriously harm our business. 

Further, conducting clinical trials in foreign
countries, as the Pharmaceutical Companies may do for their product candidates, presents additional risks that may delay completion of
clinical trials. These risks include the failure of patients enrolled in clinical trials in foreign countries to adhere to clinical protocols
as a result of differences in healthcare services or cultural customs, the utilization of alternative standards of care in foreign countries
and the failure to conduct foreign clinical trials according to standards of care that FDA considers comparable to the standards of care
in the US, failure of the Pharmaceutical Companies to persuade the FDA as to the scientific robustness and clinical acceptability of the
data from any such foreign clinical trials, managing additional administrative burdens associated with foreign regulatory schemes, as
well as political, economic, and public health risks relevant to such foreign countries. 

31 

Moreover, principal investigators for the Pharmaceutical
Companies clinical trials may serve as scientific advisors or consultants to the Pharmaceutical Companies from time to time and
receive compensation in connection with such services. Under certain circumstances, the Pharmaceutical Companies may be required to report
some of these relationships to the FDA or state authorities or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA or state authorities
or comparable foreign regulatory authority may conclude that a financial relationship between the Pharmaceutical Companies and a principal
investigator has created a conflict of interest or otherwise affected conduct of the study or interpretation of the study results. The
FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may therefore question the integrity of the data generated at the applicable clinical trial
site, and the utility of the clinical trial itself may be jeopardized. This could result in a delay in approval, or rejection, of marketing
applications by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority, as the case may be, and may ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory
approval of one or more product candidates. 

Delays in the completion of any preclinical studies
or clinical trials of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates will increase our costs, slow down product candidate development
and approval processes, and delay or potentially jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate product revenue from any
product candidate that might receive regulatory approval. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement
or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of a product candidate. Any delays to the
Pharmaceutical Companies preclinical studies or clinical trials that occur as a result could shorten any period during which they
may have the exclusive right to commercialize such product candidates, and their competitors may be able to bring products to market before
they do, and the commercial viability of any product candidates could be significantly reduced. Any of these occurrences may harm our
business, financial condition, and prospects significantly. 

If the Pharmaceutical Companies experience
delays or difficulties in the enrollment of patients in clinical trials, the Pharmaceutical Companies receipt of necessary regulatory
approvals could be delayed or prevented. 

The Pharmaceutical Companies or their collaborators
may not be able to initiate or continue clinical trials for the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates if the Pharmaceutical
Companies or such collaborators are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in these trials
as required by the FDA or analogous regulatory authorities outside the United States. 

Enrollment may be particularly challenging for
some of the orphan diseases the Pharmaceutical Companies target in the Pharmaceutical Companies programs. In addition, there may
be limited patient pools from which to draw for clinical studies. In addition to the rarity of some diseases, the eligibility (inclusion
and exclusion) criteria of the Pharmaceutical Companies clinical studies will further limit the pool of available study participants
as they may require that patients have specific characteristics that they can measure or to assure their disease is either severe enough
or not too advanced to include them in a study. In addition, some of the Pharmaceutical Companies competitors may have ongoing
clinical trials for product candidates that are in development to treat the same indications as the Pharmaceutical Companies product
candidates, and patients who would otherwise be eligible for the Pharmaceutical Companies clinical trials may instead enroll in
clinical trials of the Pharmaceutical Companies competitors product candidates and therefore be ineligible or otherwise
unwilling to enroll in the Pharmaceutical Companies clinical trials. 

32 

Patient enrollment is also affected by other factors including: 

size and nature of the patient population; 

severity of the disease under investigation; 

availability and efficacy of approved drugs for the disease under investigation; 

patient eligibility (inclusion and exclusion) criteria for the trial in question as defined in the protocol; 

perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study; 

clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages of the product candidate
being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new products that may be approved or future product candidates being
investigated for the indications the Pharmaceutical Companies are investigating; 

delays in or temporary suspension of the enrollment of patients in planned clinical trials due to the
COVID-19 pandemic or other public health emergencies; 

ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; 

patient referral practices of physicians; 

the ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment; 

proximity and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective patients; and 

the risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion, including
as a result of contracting COVID-19 or other health conditions or being forced to quarantine, or, because they may be late-stage cancer
patients or have other conditions and will not survive the full durations of the clinical trials. 

33 

These factors may make it difficult for the Pharmaceutical
Companies to enroll enough patients to complete their clinical trials in a timely and cost-effective manner. The Pharmaceutical Companies 
inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients for their clinical trials would result in significant delays or may require them to
abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. Enrollment delays in clinical trials may result in increased development costs for the
Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates and jeopardize their ability to obtain regulatory approval. Furthermore, even if the
Pharmaceutical Companies are able to enroll a sufficient number of patients for their clinical trials, they may have difficulty maintaining
participation in their clinical trials through the treatment and any follow-up periods. 

The Pharmaceutical Companies product
candidates may cause significant adverse events, toxicities or other undesirable side effects when used alone or in combination with other
approved products or investigational new drugs that may result in a safety profile that could preclude further development, prevent regulatory
approval, prevent market acceptance, limit their commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences. 

If the Pharmaceutical Companies product
candidates are associated with undesirable side effects or have unexpected characteristics in preclinical studies or clinical trials when
used alone or in combination with other approved products or investigational new drugs, the Pharmaceutical Companies may need to interrupt,
delay or abandon their development or limit development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or
other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective. Treatment-related side effects
could also affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential product liability
claims. Any of these occurrences may prevent the Pharmaceutical Companies from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected
product candidate and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and prospects significantly. 

In addition, many compounds that initially showed
promise in early-stage testing for treating cancer or other indications have later been found to cause side effects that prevented further
development of the compound. Further, we expect that certain product candidates will be used in patients that have weakened immune systems,
which may exacerbate any potential side effects associated with their use. Patients treated with oncology product candidates may also
be undergoing surgical, radiation and/or chemotherapy treatments, which can cause side effects or adverse events that are unrelated to
the product candidate but may still impact the risk-benefit profile of the product candidate and the success of clinical trials. The inclusion
of critically ill patients in clinical trials may result in deaths or other adverse medical events due to other therapies or medications
that such patients may be using or due to the gravity of such patients illnesses. It may be very challenging, or even impossible,
for the Pharmaceutical Companies to demonstrate that any such deaths or other adverse events are traceable to other therapies or medications
that such patients may be using or to the gravity of such patients illnesses, in which case the FDA or analogous regulatory authorities
may attribute any such deaths or other adverse events to the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidate being studied in the clinical
trial. 

If significant adverse events or other side effects
are observed in any of the Pharmaceutical Companies current or future clinical trials, the Pharmaceutical Companies may have difficulty
recruiting patients to the clinical trials, patients may drop out of such trials, or they may be required to abandon the trials or their
development efforts of a product candidate altogether. The Pharmaceutical Companies, the FDA, other comparable regulatory authorities
or an IRB may suspend or halt clinical trials of a product candidate at any time for various reasons, including a belief that subjects
in such trials are being exposed to inadequate clinical benefit and/or unacceptable health risks or adverse side effects. 

34 

Further, if any of the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates obtains regulatory approval, toxicities associated with such product candidates previously not seen during clinical
testing may also develop after such approval and lead to a number of potentially significant negative consequences, including, but not
limited to: 

regulatory authorities may suspend, limit or withdraw approvals of such product, or seek an injunction
against its manufacture or distribution; 

regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label, including boxed warnings,
or issue safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases or other communications containing warnings or other safety information
about the product; 

the Pharmaceutical Companies may be required to change the way the product is administered or conduct
additional clinical trials or post-approval studies; 

the Pharmaceutical Companies may be required to develop and implement a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, which could
include, among other things, a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients, and potentially
limitations or even restrictions on prescribing, dispensing, and/or distribution; 

the Pharmaceutical Companies may be subject to fines, injunctions or the imposition of criminal penalties; 

we and/or the Pharmaceutical Companies could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and 

our reputation may suffer. 

Any of these events could prevent the Pharmaceutical
Companies from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular product candidate, if approved, and could significantly harm
the standing and reputation of the Pharmaceutical Companies among health-care providers and patients, and could seriously harm our business. 

Interim, top-line, and preliminary
data from clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may have limited clinical significance, if any, and may change
as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the
final data. 

From time to time, we and/or the Pharmaceutical
Companies may publicly disclose preliminary or top-line data from preclinical studies and clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary
analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following study completion
and a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial. We and/or the Pharmaceutical Companies may also
make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we or they may not have received or had
the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the top-line or preliminary results reported may differ significantly
from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results and/or limit the clinical
significance and clinical conclusions that can be drawn from them, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Top-line
data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary
data we previously published. Even complete data from an individual study or clinical trial may be evaluated different and result in different
conclusions based upon subsequent data from a subsequently completed study. In addition, the full study results from all clinical trials
are subject to FDA review, and the FDA may draw materially different conclusions than those reached by us or the Pharmaceutical Companies.
As a result, top-line data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available, and then, until the full study results have
been completely evaluated by the FDA. 

35 

From time to time, we and/or the Pharmaceutical
Companies may also disclose interim data from preclinical studies and clinical trials. Interim data from preclinical and clinical trials
are subject to the risk that one or more of the preclinical or clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues
and more patient data become available or as patients from such clinical trials continue other treatments for their disease. Adverse differences
between preliminary or interim data and final data could materially adversely affect our business prospects. 

Further, others, including regulatory agencies,
may not accept or agree with our or the Pharmaceutical Companies assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses
or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability
or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product and our company in general. In addition, the information we or they
choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you
or others may not agree with what we determine is material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure. If the interim,
top-line, or preliminary data that we or the Pharmaceutical Companies report differ from actual results, or if others, including regulatory
authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, the Pharmaceutical Companies ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize,
their product candidates may be adversely affected, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Results of preclinical studies and early
clinical trials may not be predictive of results of future preclinical studies or clinical trials. 

The outcome of preclinical studies and early clinical
trials may not be predictive of the success or failure of later preclinical studies or clinical trials, and interim results of preclinical
studies or clinical trials do not necessarily predict success in future clinical trials. Many companies in the biopharmaceutical industry,
including Cornerstone, have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials after achieving positive results in earlier development,
and the Pharmaceutical Companies could face similar setbacks. The design of a clinical trial can determine whether its results will support
approval of a product, and flaws in the design of a clinical trial may not become apparent until the clinical trial is well advanced or
even completed. We and the Pharmaceutical Companies have limited experience in designing clinical trials and may be unable to design and
execute a clinical trial to support regulatory approval. In addition, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations
and analyses. Many companies that believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials
have nonetheless failed to obtain regulatory approval for the product candidates. Even if we or the Pharmaceutical Companies, or future
collaborators, believe that the results of clinical trials for the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates warrant regulatory
approval, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree and may not grant regulatory approval of the Pharmaceutical
Companies product candidates. 

36 

In some instances, there can be significant variability
in safety or efficacy results between different clinical trials of the same product candidate due to numerous factors, including changes
in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in standards of care in different geographical locations, differences in the size
and type of the patient populations, changes in and adherence to the dosing regimen and other clinical trial protocols, and the rate of
dropout among clinical trial participants. If the Pharmaceutical Companies fail to receive positive results in clinical trials of the
Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates, the development timeline and regulatory approval and commercialization prospects for
the Pharmaceutical Companies most advanced product candidates, and, correspondingly, our or the Pharmaceutical Companies 
business and financial prospects would be negatively impacted. 

The regulatory approval processes of the
FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if the Pharmaceutical
Companies are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval for their product candidates, our or their business will be substantially
harmed. 

The time required to obtain approval by the FDA
and comparable foreign authorities is unpredictable but typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and depends
upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. In addition, approval policies, regulations,
or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical
development and may vary among jurisdictions. We and the Pharmaceutical Companies have not obtained regulatory approval for any product
candidate, and it is possible that any product candidates they may seek to develop in the future will never obtain regulatory approval.
Neither we nor the Pharmaceutical Companies nor any future collaborator is permitted to market any new drug in the United States or abroad
until they receive regulatory approval of an NDA, or other comparable submission, from the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies. 

Prior to obtaining approval to commercialize a
product candidate in the United States or abroad, the Pharmaceutical Companies or their collaborators must demonstrate with substantial
evidence from, among other things, well-controlled clinical trials, and to the satisfaction of the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies,
that such product candidates are safe and effective for their intended use(s). Results from nonclinical and preclinical studies and clinical
trials can be interpreted in different ways. Even if we believe the nonclinical and preclinical or clinical data for the Pharmaceutical
Companies product candidates are promising, such data may not be sufficient to support approval by the FDA and other regulatory
authorities. The FDA or foreign regulatory agencies may also require the Pharmaceutical Companies to conduct additional preclinical studies
or clinical trials for their product candidates either prior to or post-approval, or they may object to elements of a proposed clinical
development program. 

37 

The FDA or any foreign regulatory authorities
can delay, limit or deny approval of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates or require them to conduct additional nonclinical
and preclinical or clinical testing or abandon a program for multiple reasons in their sole discretion, including the following: 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of
clinical trials; 

the Pharmaceutical Companies may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable
foreign regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe and effective for its proposed indication(s); 

the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA
or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval; 

serious and unexpected drug-related side effects experienced by participants in clinical trials or by individuals using drugs similar
to the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates may result in negative regulatory conclusions regarding a product candidate s
safety profile; 

the Pharmaceutical Companies may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical and
other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the Pharmaceutical Companies 
interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

the data collected from clinical trials of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates may
not be acceptable or sufficient to support the submission of a NDA or other comparable submission or to obtain regulatory approval in
the United States or elsewhere, and the Pharmaceutical Companies may be required to conduct additional clinical studies; 

the FDA or the applicable foreign regulatory authority may disagree regarding the formulation, labeling,
manufacturing, and/or the specifications of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates; 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or
facilities of third-party manufacturers with which the Pharmaceutical Companies contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly
change in a manner rendering clinical data insufficient for approval. 

38 

Of the large number of drugs in development, only
a small percentage successfully complete the FDA or foreign regulatory approval processes and are commercialized. The lengthy approval
process as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial results may result in the Pharmaceutical Companies failing to obtain
regulatory approval to market their product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects.
In addition, even if the Pharmaceutical Companies were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve any of their product candidates
for fewer or more limited indications or less advantageous labeling than requested, may grant approval contingent on the performance of
costly post-marketing clinical trials, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and/or the implementation of a REMS, which may be required to
assure safe use of the drug after approval. The FDA or the applicable foreign regulatory authority also may approve a product candidate
for a more limited indication or patient population than originally requested, or may approve a product candidate with a label that does
not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Even if regulatory
approval were to be secured, payors in the US responsible for coverage and reimbursement determinations and foreign authorities responsible
for drug pricing determinations may not provide adequate coverage or reimbursement or approve the prices the Pharmaceutical Companies
intend to charge for any approved products. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for the Pharmaceutical
Companies product candidates. 

If the FDA does not conclude that certain
of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates satisfy the requirements for the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway,
or if the requirements for such product candidates under Section 505(b)(2) are not as they expect, the approval pathway for those product
candidates will likely take significantly longer, cost significantly more and entail significantly greater complications and risks than
anticipated, and in either case may not be successful. 

The Pharmaceutical Companies may develop product
candidates for which they plan to seek approval under the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway in the United States. For example, LipoMedix may
ultimately seek FDA approval of Promitil through the 505(b)(2) pathway. 

The Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration
Act of 1984, also known as the Hatch-Waxman Act, added Section 505(b)(2) to the FFDCA. Section 505(b)(2) of the FFDCA permits the submission
of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies that were not conducted by or for the applicant
and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. Section 505(b)(2), when applicable under the FFDCA, would allow an
NDA submitted to the FDA to rely in part on data in the public domain and the FDA s prior conclusions regarding the safety and effectiveness
of a previously-approved product, which could expedite the development program for certain of the Pharmaceutical Companies product
candidates by potentially decreasing the amount of nonclinical and preclinical and/or clinical data that they would need to generate in
order to obtain FDA approval. 

If the FDA does not allow any of the Pharmaceutical
Companies product candidates to pursue approval under the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway as anticipated, the Pharmaceutical
Companies may need to conduct additional nonclinical and preclinical studies and/or clinical trials, provide additional data and information,
and meet additional standards for regulatory approval. If this were to occur, the time and financial resources required to obtain FDA
approval for such product candidates, and complications and risks associated with such product candidates, would likely substantially
increase. Moreover, inability to pursue approval under the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway could result in new competitive products
reaching the market more quickly than any product candidates the Pharmaceutical Companies are developing, which could adversely impact
our and their competitive position and prospects. Even if the Pharmaceutical Companies are allowed to pursue approval under the Section
505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, we cannot assure you that any product candidates the Pharmaceutical Companies develop will receive the requisite
approval for commercialization. 

39 

In addition, notwithstanding the approval of a
number of products by the FDA under Section 505(b)(2), certain pharmaceutical companies and others have objected to the FDA s interpretation
of Section 505(b)(2). If the FDA s interpretation of Section 505(b)(2) is successfully challenged, either generally or in connection
with a Section 505(b)(2) submission by the Pharmaceutical Companies, the FDA may change its 505(b)(2) policies and practices, which could
delay or even prevent the FDA from approving any NDA that the Pharmaceutical Companies submit under Section 505(b)(2). In addition, the
pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive, and Section 505(b)(2) NDAs are subject to certain requirements designed to protect the
patent rights of sponsors of previously approved drugs that are referenced in a Section 505(b)(2) NDA. These requirements may give rise
to patent litigation and mandatory delays in approval of the Pharmaceutical Companies NDAs for up to 30 months or longer depending on
the outcome of any litigation. It is not uncommon for a manufacturer of a previously approved product to file a citizen petition with
the FDA seeking to delay approval of, or impose additional approval requirements for, pending competing products. If successful, such
petitions can significantly delay, or even prevent, the approval of a new product. Even if the FDA ultimately denies such a petition,
the FDA may substantially delay approval while it considers and responds to the petition. In addition, even if the Pharmaceutical Companies
are able to utilize the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, there is no guarantee this would ultimately lead to streamlined product
development or earlier approval. 

The Pharmaceutical Companies may not be
able to obtain orphan drug designation or obtain or maintain the benefits associated with orphan drug designation, such as orphan drug
exclusivity and, even if they do, that exclusivity may not prevent the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities from approving
competing products. 

As part of their business strategy, the Pharmaceutical
Companies may seek orphan drug designation, or ODD, for any eligible product candidates they develop, but they may be unsuccessful in
obtaining or maintaining the benefits of such designations. 

Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions,
including the United States, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act,
the FDA may designate a product as an orphan drug if it is a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined
as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals annually in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000
in the United States where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available the drug will be recovered
from sales in the United States. Cornerstone has received ODD for CPI-613 (devimistat) for the treatment of pancreatic cancer, acute myeloid
leukemia, myelodysplastic syndrome, Burkitt s lymphoma, peripheral T-cell lymphomas, soft tissue sarcoma, and biliary cancer. Cyclo
received orphan drug for the treatment of NPC1 by the FDA for its Trappsol product. 

In the United States, ODD entitles a party to
financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages and user-fee waivers. In addition,
if a product that has ODD subsequently receives the first FDA approval for a particular active ingredient for the rare disease for which
it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity for that active ingredient for that rare disease. Orphan drug
exclusivity in the United States provides that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a full NDA or other comparable
submission, to market the same drug for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances such as a showing of clinical
superiority to the product with orphan product exclusivity, or if the FDA withdraws exclusive approval or revokes orphan drug designation,
or if the marketing application (NDA or BLA) for the orphan drug is withdrawn for any reason, or if the FDA finds that the holder of the
orphan exclusivity has not shown that it can ensure the availability of sufficient quantities of the orphan product to meet the needs
of patients with the disease or condition for which the product was designated. 

40 

Even if the Pharmaceutical Companies obtain ODD
for a product candidate, they may not be able to obtain or maintain orphan drug exclusivity for that product candidate. The Pharmaceutical
Companies may not be the first to obtain regulatory approval of any product candidate for which they have obtained ODD for the orphan-designated
indication due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products. If one or more third-party sponsor is the first
to receive approval for an alternative product(s) for the same orphan-designated indication as the Pharmaceutical Companies product
candidate, even if FDA were to conclude that the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidate is not the same drug 
as the alternative product(s), the prior approval(s) of such alternative product(s) could result in a delay in the regulatory review of
the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidate and/or requests for the conduct of additional clinical trials that may further delay
the prospects for any approval of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidate. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the
United States may be limited if the Pharmaceutical Companies seek approval for an indication broader than the orphan-designated indication
or may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if they are unable to ensure that
they will be able to manufacture sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. 

Further, even if the Pharmaceutical Companies
obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a product, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different
drugs with different active ingredients may be approved for the same condition, and competitors also potentially could secure approval
of the same drug for different non-orphan conditions. Even after an orphan drug is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve the same
drug for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug is clinically superior in that it is shown to be safer, more effective
or makes a major contribution to patient care or the manufacturer of the product with orphan exclusivity is unable to maintain sufficient
product quantity. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug nor gives the product
candidate any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. 

Disruptions at the FDA and other government
agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire, retain or deploy key leadership and
other personnel, or otherwise prevent new or modified products from being developed, approved or commercialized in a timely manner or
at all, which could negatively impact our business. 

The ability of the FDA to review and approve new
products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, statutory, regulatory and policy changes,
the FDA s ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and other events that may otherwise affect
the FDA s ability to perform routine functions, including a shutdown of the federal government. Average review times at the FDA
have fluctuated in recent years. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities
is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow
the time necessary for new drugs or modifications to approved drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which
would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, including for 35 days beginning on December 22, 2018, the
United States federal government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical
FDA employees and stop critical activities. 

Separately, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic,
on March 10, 2020, the FDA announced its intention to postpone most inspections of foreign manufacturing facilities and products, and,
on March 18, 2020, the FDA temporarily postponed routine surveillance inspections of domestic manufacturing facilities. Subsequently,
on July 10, 2020, the FDA announced its intention to resume certain on-site inspections of domestic manufacturing facilities subject to
a risk-based prioritization system. The FDA used this risk-based assessment system to identify the categories of regulatory activity that
can occur within a given geographic area, ranging from mission critical inspections to resumption of all regulatory activities. Additionally,
on April 15, 2021, the FDA issued a guidance document in which the FDA described its plans to conduct voluntary remote interactive evaluations
of certain drug manufacturing facilities and clinical research sites. According to the guidance, the FDA intends to request such remote
interactive evaluations in situations where an in-person inspection would not be prioritized, deemed mission-critical, or where direct
inspection is otherwise limited by travel restrictions, but where the FDA determines that remote evaluation would be appropriate. In response
to the COVID-19 pandemic, subsequent variants or comparable public health emergencies in the future, FDA and foreign regulatory authorities
may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures. Such measures may create additional backlogs on inspections of manufacturing
facilities. In addition, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, subsequent variants or comparable public health emergencies, clinical trial
sites, including hospitals and medical centers among others, may significantly limit or even halt clinical trials, which could significantly
impede the ability to recruit for or even conduct clinical trials during such a public health emergency, which could have a material adverse
effect on our and/or the Pharmaceutical Companies business. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns
prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews or other regulatory activities, it
could significantly impact the ability of the FDA or other regulatory authorities to timely review and process the Pharmaceutical Companies 
regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

41 

Even if the Pharmaceutical Companies receive
regulatory approval for any product candidate, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review,
which may result in significant additional expense. 

Any regulatory approvals that the Pharmaceutical
Companies may receive for their product candidates will require the regular submission of reports to regulatory authorities and surveillance
to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product, may contain significant limitations related to use restrictions for specified age groups
or patient populations, warnings, precautions or contraindications, and may include burdensome post-approval study or risk management
requirements. For example, the FDA may require a REMS as a condition of approval of a product candidate, which could include requirements
for a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods,
patient registries, and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves a
product candidate, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion,
import, export, and recordkeeping for the Pharmaceutical Companies products will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory
requirements and associated personnel and financial commitments. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing
information and reports, maintenance of cGMP compliance at and registrations for all manufacturing facilities, as well as continued compliance
with GCP requirements for any clinical trials that are conducted post-approval. Manufacturers of approved products and their facilities
are subject to continual review and periodic, unannounced inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with
cGMP regulations and standards. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with marketed products, including adverse events of unanticipated
severity or frequency, or with third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements,
may result in, among other things: 

restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our products, withdrawal of the product from the market
or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 

restrictions on product distribution or use, or requirements to conduct post-marketing studies or clinical
trials; 

fines, restitutions, disgorgement of profits or revenue, warning letters, untitled letters or holds on
clinical trials; 

refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by the
Pharmaceutical Companies or suspension or revocation of approvals; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of the Pharmaceutical Companies 
products; and 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The occurrence of any event or penalty described
above may inhibit our or the Pharmaceutical Companies ability to commercialize their product candidates and generate revenue and
could require the Pharmaceutical Companies to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. 

The FDA s and other regulatory authorities 
policies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of the
Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates. We also cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that
may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. For example, the results of the 2020
United States Presidential Election impacted our business and industry. Namely, the Trump Administration took several Executive Actions,
including the issuance of a number of Executive Orders, that imposed significant burdens on, or otherwise materially delayed, the FDA s
ability to engage in routine oversight activities, such as implementing statutes through rulemaking, issuance of guidance, and review
and approval of marketing applications. It is difficult to predict whether or how these orders will be rescinded and replaced under the
current or future Administrations. The policies and priorities of any Administration and the U.S. Congress are unknown and could materially
impact the regulations governing the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates. If we or the Pharmaceutical Companies are slow
or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we or they are not able
to maintain regulatory compliance, we or they may be subject to enforcement action and we or they may not achieve or sustain profitability. 

42 

The FDA and other regulatory agencies actively
enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. 

If any of the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates are approved and if they are found to have been improperly promoted for unapproved uses of those products, we and/or
the Pharmaceutical Companies may become subject to significant liability. The FDA and other regulatory agencies strictly regulate the
promotional claims that may be made about prescription products, such as the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates, if approved.
In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses or other conditions of labeling that are not approved by the FDA or such other regulatory
agencies as reflected in the product s approved labeling. If the Pharmaceutical Companies receive regulatory approval for a product
candidate, physicians may nevertheless prescribe it to their patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved label. If we
or the Pharmaceutical Companies are found to have promoted such unapproved, or off-label, uses, we or they may become subject to significant
liability. The U.S. federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper promotion of off-label
use and has enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. The FDA has also requested that companies enter into consent
decrees or permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. If we or the Pharmaceutical Companies
cannot successfully manage the promotion of their product candidates, if approved, we and/or they could become subject to significant
liability, which would materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Even if any of the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates receive regulatory approval, they may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare
payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 

If any of the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates receive regulatory approval, they may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients,
healthcare payors, and others in the medical community. For example, current cancer treatments like chemotherapy and radiation therapy
are well established in the medical community, and doctors may continue to rely on these treatments. If the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, the Pharmaceutical Companies may not generate significant product revenue
and may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates, if approved
for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 

the efficacy, safety profile, and any potential clinical advantages compared to alternative treatments; 

the approval, availability, market acceptance, and reimbursement for any companion diagnostic; 

the ability to offer the Pharmaceutical Companies medicines for sale at competitive prices; 

convenience and ease of administration compared to alternative treatments; 

43 

the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these
therapies; 

ensuring uninterrupted product supply; 

the strength of marketing and distribution support; 

sufficient third-party coverage and reimbursement; and 

the prevalence and severity of any side effects. 

If any of the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates are approved but do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, hospitals, healthcare payors and patients,
they may not generate or derive sufficient revenue from that product candidate and our and their financial results could be negatively
impacted. 

We and the Pharmaceutical Companies are
dependent upon third parties for a variety of functions. These arrangements may not provide us with the benefits we expect. 

We and the Pharmaceutical Companies rely on third
parties to perform a variety of functions. We are party to numerous agreements that place substantial responsibility on clinical research
organizations, or CROs, contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, consultants, and other service providers for the development of
the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates. We also rely on medical and academic institutions to perform aspects of the Pharmaceutical
Companies clinical trials of product candidates. In addition, an element of our research and development strategy has been to in-license
technology and product candidates from academic and government institutions in order to minimize or eliminate investments in early research.
We may not be able to enter new arrangements without undue delays or expenditures or on favorable terms, if at all, and these arrangements
may not allow us to compete successfully. Moreover, if third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected
deadlines or conduct clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or applicable protocols, the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates may not be approved for marketing or such approval and commercialization may be delayed. If that occurs, our collaborators
will not be able, or may be delayed in their efforts, to seek regulatory approval for or commercialize the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates. 

If, in the future, the Pharmaceutical Companies
are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market the Pharmaceutical
Companies product candidates, the Pharmaceutical Companies may not be successful in commercializing their product candidates if
and when they are approved. 

We and the Pharmaceutical Companies do not have
a sales or marketing infrastructure and have little experience in the sale, marketing or distribution of pharmaceutical products. To achieve
commercial success for any approved medicine for which the Pharmaceutical Companies retain sales and marketing responsibilities, they
must either develop a sales and marketing organization or outsource these functions to other third parties. In the future, the Pharmaceutical
Companies may choose to build a focused sales and marketing infrastructure to sell, or participate in sales activities with our or their
collaborators for, some of their product candidates if and when they are approved. 

44 

There are risks involved with both establishing
the Pharmaceutical Companies own sales and marketing capabilities and entering into arrangements with third parties to perform
these services. For example, recruiting and training a sales force is expensive and time consuming and could delay any product launch.
If the commercial launch of a product candidate that has received regulatory approval for which the Pharmaceutical Companies recruit a
sales force and establish marketing capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, they would have prematurely or unnecessarily
incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if the Pharmaceutical Companies cannot
retain or reposition their sales and marketing personnel. 

Factors that may inhibit the Pharmaceutical Companies 
efforts to commercialize their medicines on our or their own include: 

the Pharmaceutical Companies inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales
and marketing personnel; 

the inability of sales personnel to obtain access to physicians or persuade adequate numbers of physicians
to prescribe any future medicines in accordance with approved labeling; 

the lack of complementary medicines to be offered by sales personnel, which may put them at a competitive
disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; 

the Pharmaceutical Companies inability to equip medical and sales personnel with compliant and
effective materials, including medical and sales literature, to help them educate physicians and other healthcare providers regarding
applicable diseases and any products that receive regulatory approval; 

the failure of the Pharmaceutical Companies, and/or any other third parties to whom sales, marketing,
reimbursement and distribution services are outsourced, to develop and distribute compliant medical and sales literature in accordance
with any labeling that is approved or to adhere to the scope of such literature when communicating with physicians and other health care
professionals regarding any products that receive regulatory approval; 

the Pharmaceutical Companies inability to develop or obtain sufficient operational functions to support our commercial activities;
and 

unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an independent sales and marketing organization. 

45 

If the Pharmaceutical Companies enter into arrangements
with third parties to perform sales, marketing, reimbursement and distribution services, their product revenue or the profitability of
product revenue to them are likely to be lower than if the Pharmaceutical Companies were to market and sell any medicines that they develop
themselves. In addition, the Pharmaceutical Companies may not be successful in entering into arrangements with third parties to sell and
market their product candidates or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable. We and the Pharmaceutical Companies likely will
have little control over such third parties allocation of resources, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources
and attention to sell and market the Pharmaceutical Companies medicines effectively. If the Pharmaceutical Companies do not establish
sales and marketing capabilities successfully, either on their own or in collaboration with third parties, the Pharmaceutical Companies
will not be successful in commercializing their product candidates. 

The companies in which we hold interests
face substantial competition, and if competitors develop and market technologies or products more rapidly than those companies do or that
are more effective, safer or less expensive than the product candidates that those companies develop, our commercial opportunities will
be negatively impacted. 

The biopharmaceutical industry is characterized
by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition, and a strong emphasis on proprietary and novel products and product candidates.
The development and commercialization of new drug products is highly competitive. We and the Pharmaceutical Companies face competition
with respect to current product candidates, and we and the Pharmaceutical Companies and our and their collaborators will face competition
with respect to any product candidates that they or their collaborators may seek to develop or commercialize in the future, from major
pharmaceutical companies and specialty biopharmaceutical companies worldwide. There are a number of large biopharmaceutical companies
that currently market and sell products or are pursuing the development of products for the treatment of the disease indications for which
the Pharmaceutical Companies are developing their product candidates, such as pancreatic cancer and acute myelogenous leukemia among others.
Some of these competitive products and therapies are based on scientific approaches that are similar to our or the Pharmaceutical Companies 
approach. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies, and other public and private research organizations
that conduct research, seek patent protection, and establish collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing and commercialization. 

The Pharmaceutical Companies that are developing
their product candidates for the treatment of cancer may compete against a variety of available drug therapies marketed for cancer. In
many cases, these drugs are administered in combination to enhance efficacy, and cancer drugs are frequently prescribed off-label by healthcare
professionals based upon their independent medical judgement and expertise. Some of the currently approved drug therapies are branded
and subject to patent protection, and others are available on a generic or biosimilar basis. Many of these approved drugs are well established
therapies and are widely accepted by physicians, patients and third-party payors. Insurers and other third-party payors may also encourage
the use of generic products. The Pharmaceutical Companies expect that if their product candidates are approved, they will be priced at
a significant premium over competitive generic or biosimilar products. This may make it difficult for the Pharmaceutical Companies to
achieve their business strategy of using their product candidates in combination with existing therapies or replacing existing therapies
with their product candidates following any regulatory approvals. 

46 

Cornerstone is focused on an area known as cancer
metabolism, and there are also a number of product candidates in preclinical or clinical development by third parties to treat cancer
by targeting cancer metabolism. These companies include large pharmaceutical companies, including, but not limited to, AstraZeneca plc,
Eli Lilly and Company, Roche Holdings Inc. and its subsidiary Genentech, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Merck Co., Novartis, Pfizer,
Inc., Novo Nordisk, and Genzyme, a Sanofi company. There are also biotechnology companies of various sizes that are developing therapies
to target cancer metabolism, including, but not limited to, Sagiment Biosciences, Eleison Pharmaceuticals, BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc.,
and Takeda. 

Cyclo is focused on a cure for NPC1 and faces
competition from Actelion, a subsidiary of Johnson Johnson Orphazyme, a public company based in Denmark, Zevra Therapeutics, Inc.,
Mandos Health, Azafaros and IntraBio among others. 

LipoMedix faces competition from, among others,
(i) other liposome and nanomedicine products in solid tumors (for example, Doxil (Janssen), Onivyde (Ipsen), and Abraxane (Celgene));
(ii) other non-liposomal chemotherapeutic drugs in gastrointestinal malignancies recently developed or under development (for example,
TAS-102 (Taiho) in colorectal cancer); (iii) biological therapy (including small molecule kinase inhibitors) recently developed or under
development for colon cancer (for example, Regorafenib (Bayer)); (iv) immunotherapy approaches in gastrointestinal malignancies (for example,
Merck USA), antibodies and/or vaccinations; and (v) other companies such as Roche. 

The Pharmaceutical Companies competitors
may develop products that are more effective, safer, more convenient or less costly than any that the Pharmaceutical Companies are developing
or that would render their product candidates obsolete or non-competitive. In addition, our or the Pharmaceutical Companies competitors
may discover biomarkers that more efficiently and/or effectively measure metabolic pathways than the Pharmaceutical Companies methods,
which may give them a competitive advantage in developing potential products. The Pharmaceutical Companies competitors may also
obtain regulatory approval from the FDA or other regulatory authorities for their products more rapidly than the Pharmaceutical Companies
may obtain approval, which could result in the Pharmaceutical Companies competitors establishing a strong market position before
they are able to enter the market. 

Many of the Pharmaceutical Companies competitors
have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting
clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, and marketing approved products than the Pharmaceutical Companies do. Mergers and acquisitions
in the biopharmaceutical industry may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of the Pharmaceutical Companies 
competitors. Smaller and other clinical stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative
arrangements with large and established companies and research institutes. These third parties compete with us and the Pharmaceutical
Companies in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration
for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, the Pharmaceutical Companies programs. 

47 

Even if the Pharmaceutical Companies or
their collaborators are able to commercialize any product candidates, such products may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations,
third-party coverage or reimbursement practices or healthcare reform initiatives, which would harm our and the Pharmaceutical Companies 
business. 

The commercial success of the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates will depend substantially, both domestically and abroad, on the extent to which the costs of the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates will be covered and paid for, following regulatory approval, if any, by third-party payors, including government health
administration authorities and private health coverage insurers. If coverage and reimbursement is not available, or reimbursement is available
only to limited levels, the Pharmaceutical Companies, or any future collaborators, may not be able to successfully commercialize the Pharmaceutical
Companies product candidates in the event they receive regulatory approval. Even if coverage is provided, the approved reimbursement
amount may not be high enough to allow us, the Pharmaceutical Companies, or any future collaborators, to establish or maintain pricing
sufficient to realize a sufficient return on our or the Pharmaceutical Companies investments. In the United States, no uniform
policy of coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors, and coverage and reimbursement for products can differ
significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will
require us or the Pharmaceutical Companies to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of their products to each payor separately,
with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. 

There is significant uncertainty related to third-party
payor coverage and reimbursement of newly approved drugs. Regulatory approvals, pricing, and reimbursement for new drug products vary
widely from country to country. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries,
the pricing review period begins after marketing or regulatory approval is granted. In some foreign markets, prescription pharmaceutical
pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. As a result, the Pharmaceutical Companies,
or any future collaborators, might obtain regulatory approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations
that delay commercial launch of the product, possibly for lengthy time periods, which may negatively impact the revenue the Pharmaceutical
Companies are able to generate from the sale of the product in that country. Adverse pricing limitations may hinder our or the Pharmaceutical
Companies ability or the ability of any future collaborators to recoup our or the Pharmaceutical Companies or their investment
in one or more product candidates, even if the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates obtain regulatory approval. 

Patients who are provided medical treatment for
their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their treatment. Therefore,
the Pharmaceutical Companies ability, and the ability of any future collaborators, to commercialize any of the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for these products and related treatments will
be available from third-party payors. Third-party payors decide which medications they will cover and establish reimbursement levels.
The healthcare industry is acutely focused on cost containment, both in the United States and elsewhere. Government authorities and other
third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications, which
could affect our or the Pharmaceutical Companies ability or that of any future collaborators to sell the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates profitably following regulatory approval. These payors may not view the Pharmaceutical Companies products, if
any, as cost-effective, and coverage and reimbursement may not be available to our or the Pharmaceutical Companies customers, or
those of any future collaborators, or may not be sufficient to allow the Pharmaceutical Companies products, if any, to be marketed
on a competitive basis. Cost-control initiatives could cause us, or any future collaborators, to decrease the price the Pharmaceutical
Companies, or they, might establish for products, which could result in lower than anticipated product revenue. If the prices for the
Pharmaceutical Companies products, if any, decrease or if governmental and other third-party payors do not provide coverage or
adequate reimbursement, our and the Pharmaceutical Companies prospects for revenue and profitability will suffer. 

48 

There may also be delays in obtaining coverage
and reimbursement for newly approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited than the indications for which the drug is approved by the
FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any drug will be paid for
in all cases or at a rate that covers our or the Pharmaceutical Companies costs, including research, development, manufacture,
sale, and distribution. Reimbursement rates may vary, by way of example, according to the use of the product and the clinical setting
in which it is used. Reimbursement rates may also be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost drugs or may be incorporated
into existing payments for other services. 

In addition, increasingly, third-party payors
are requiring higher levels of evidence of the benefits and clinical outcomes of new technologies and are challenging the prices charged.
We and the Pharmaceutical Companies cannot be sure that coverage will be available for any product candidate that they, or any future
collaborator, commercializes and, if available, that the reimbursement rates will be adequate. Further, the net reimbursement for drug
products may be subject to additional reductions if there are changes to federal and/or state laws that govern imports of drugs from countries
such as Canada where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. An inability to promptly obtain coverage and adequate
reimbursement rates from both government-funded and private payors for any of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates for
which they, or any future collaborator, obtain regulatory approval could significantly harm our and the Pharmaceutical Companies 
operating results, our and the Pharmaceutical Companies ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products, and our and
the Pharmaceutical Companies overall financial condition. 

Product liability lawsuits against us or
the Pharmaceutical Companies or our or their collaborators could cause substantial liabilities and could limit commercialization of any
medicines that the Pharmaceutical Companies or our or their collaborators may develop. 

We and the Pharmaceutical Companies and their
collaborators face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the testing of the Pharmaceutical Companies product
candidates in human clinical trials and will face an even greater risk if the Pharmaceutical Companies commercially sell any medicines
that the Pharmaceutical Companies may develop that secure regulatory approval. If the Pharmaceutical Companies or us or their or our collaborators
cannot successfully defend ourselves or themselves against claims that the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates or medicines
caused injuries, the Pharmaceutical Companies and we could incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability
claims may result in: 

decreased demand for any product candidates or medicines that the Pharmaceutical Companies may develop; 

injury to the Pharmaceutical Companies reputation and significant negative media attention; 

49 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

significant costs to defend the related litigation; 

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

loss of revenue; 

reduced resources of the Pharmaceutical Companies management to pursue the Pharmaceutical Companies 
business strategy, and diverted time and attention from executing on that strategy; and 

the inability to commercialize any medicines that the Pharmaceutical Companies may develop. 

Although we and the Pharmaceutical Companies plan
to maintain product liability insurance coverage, it may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that the Pharmaceutical Companies and
we may incur. We anticipate that we and the Pharmaceutical Companies will need to increase our and their insurance coverage as they continue
to run clinical trials and if they successfully commercialize any medicine that receives regulatory approval. Insurance coverage in this
setting is increasingly expensive. We and/or the Pharmaceutical Companies may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable
cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. In addition, if one of our or the Pharmaceutical Companies 
collaboration partners were to become subject to product liability claims or were unable to successfully defend themselves against such
claims, any such collaboration partner could be more likely to terminate such relationships and could potentially seek indemnification
from us and/or the Pharmaceutical Companies, and therefore substantially limit the commercial potential of our and/or the Pharmaceutical
Companies products. 

If we or the Pharmaceutical Companies fail
to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we or they could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs
that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our or their businesses. 

We and the Pharmaceutical Companies are subject
to numerous environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling,
use, storage, treatment, and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. The Pharmaceutical Companies operations involve the use
of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological and radioactive materials. The Pharmaceutical Companies 
operations also produce hazardous waste products. The Pharmaceutical Companies generally contract with other third parties for the disposal
of these materials and wastes. The Pharmaceutical Companies cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials.
In the event of contamination or injury resulting from their use of hazardous materials, the Pharmaceutical Companies could be held liable
for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed their resources. The Pharmaceutical Companies also could incur significant costs
associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. 

50 

Although the Pharmaceutical Companies maintain
workers compensation insurance to cover them for costs and expenses they may incur due to injuries to their employees resulting
from the use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. The Pharmaceutical
Companies may not maintain adequate insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against them in connection
with their storage or disposal of biological, hazardous or radioactive materials. 

In addition, the Pharmaceutical Companies may
incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current
or future laws and regulations may impair the Pharmaceutical Companies research, development or production efforts. Failure to
comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 

Current and future legislation may increase
the difficulty and cost for us and the Pharmaceutical Companies and any future collaborators to obtain regulatory approval of the Pharmaceutical
Companies product candidates and affect the prices obtained. 

In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions,
there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could, among
other things, prevent or delay development and/or regulatory approval of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates, restrict
or regulate post-approval activities and affect the Pharmaceutical Companies ability, or the ability of any future collaborators,
to profitably sell any products for which the Pharmaceutical Companies, or they, obtain regulatory approval. We and the Pharmaceutical
Companies expect that current laws, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more
rigorous coverage and reimbursement criteria and additional downward pressure on the price that the Pharmaceutical Companies, or any future
collaborators, may receive for any approved products. 

For example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act, or collectively the ACA, was signed
into law. Among the provisions of the ACA of potential importance to the Pharmaceutical Companies business and the Pharmaceutical
Companies product candidates are the following: 

an annual, non-deductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports specified branded prescription
drugs and biologic agents; 

an increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program,
or MDRP; 

a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the MDRP are calculated for drugs that
are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; 

expansion of healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including the civil False Claims Act and the federal Anti-Kickback
Statute, new government investigative powers and enhanced penalties for noncompliance; 

51 

a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to now offer 70 
point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as
a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; 

extension of manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed
care organizations; 

expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs; 

expansion of the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health Service pharmaceutical pricing
program; 

new requirements to report certain financial arrangements with physicians and teaching hospitals for eventual
publication; 

a new requirement to annually report drug samples that manufacturers and distributors provide to physicians
for eventual publication; 

a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative
clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; and 

a Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation within CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery
models. 

Since enactment of the ACA, there have been numerous
executive and legal challenges and Congressional actions to repeal and replace provisions of the law. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme
Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality
of the ACA. Prior to the Supreme Court s decision, President Biden issued an Executive Order to initiate a special enrollment period
from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The Executive
Order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare,
including, among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies
that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. It is unclear how other
healthcare reform measures of the Biden Administration or future Administrations or other efforts, if any, to challenge, repeal or replace
the ACA, will impact the Pharmaceutical Companies businesses. Nor is it clear whether other legislative changes will be adopted,
if any, or how such changes would affect the demand for the Pharmaceutical Companies products if they were to receive regulatory
approval. 

52 

In addition, other legislative changes have been
proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. On August 2, 2011, the U.S. Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, included aggregate
reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year. These reductions went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent
legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect through 2030, with the exception of a temporary suspension from May 1, 2020
through December 31, 2021, unless additional Congressional action is taken. Additionally, there has been increasing legislative and enforcement
interest in the United States with respect to drug pricing practices. Specifically, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny of
pharmaceutical pricing practices in light of the rising cost of prescription drugs and biologics. Such scrutiny has resulted in several
recent congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency
to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient assistance programs, and reform government program
reimbursement methodologies for drug products. Among other things, such scrutiny has led to enactment of a budget reconciliation measure
known as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, signed into law by President Biden on August 16, 2022, which makes wide-reaching
changes to Medicare prescription drug coverage and more targeted changes to Medicaid, the State Children s Health Insurance Coverage
Program, or CHIP, and private health insurance, and which includes several provisions to lower prescription drug costs for people with
Medicare and reduce drug spending by the federal government. The prescription drug provisions included in the IRA will, among other things: 

require the federal government to negotiate prices for certain drugs covered under Medicare Part B (physician-administered
drugs) and Part D (retail prescription drugs), starting with 10 high-spending, single-source drugs for 2026 and increasing to 20 by 2029; 

require manufacturers that sell drugs used by Medicare beneficiaries through Parts B and D to pay rebates
to Medicare if they increase drug prices faster than consumer inflation, beginning in 2023; 

cap out-of-pocket spending for Medicare Part D enrollees and make other Part D benefit design changes,
beginning in 2024; 

expand eligibility for full benefits under the Medicare Part D Low-Income Subsidy Program, beginning in
2024; and 

further delay implementation of the Trump Administration s drug rebate rule, beginning in 2027. 

Pursuant to the IRA, the Centers for Medicare
 Medicaid Services (CMS) selected ten drugs covered under Medicare Part D for the first cycle of negotiations for initial price applicability
year 2026 and engaged in voluntary negotiations with the drug companies for the selected drugs. CMS negotiated prices for 10 drugs covered
under Medicare Part D that will go into effect beginning January 1, 2026, based on negotiations and agreements reached between CMS and
participating drug companies. In August 2024, CMS announced discounts ranging from 38 to 79 based upon negotiated price differences
from the drugs 2023 list price. Currently, CMS intends to announce the next set of 15 Part D drugs selected for negotiation by
February 1, 2025. It is unclear exactly how the 2024 election will impact healthcare reform measures of the existing Administration
or whether a new Administration could impose other reform efforts, including what, if any, impact such changes will have on our business. 

53 

At the state level, individual states are increasingly
aggressive in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical, medical device, and biological product
pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access, marketing cost disclosure
and transparency measures, and, in some cases, encouraging importation of drugs from other countries and bulk purchasing. In addition,
regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products
and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. These measures could reduce the ultimate
demand for the Pharmaceutical Companies products, if approved, or put pressure on their product pricing. We expect that additional
state, federal and foreign healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal,
state and foreign governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand or lower pricing for
the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates, or additional pricing pressures. 

We expect that healthcare reform measures that
may be adopted in the future could have a material adverse effect on our and the Pharmaceutical Companies industry generally and
on our or their ability to maintain or increase sales of any of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates that are successfully
developed, receive regulatory approval for, and are commercialized. 

Legislative and regulatory proposals have been
made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We and the Pharmaceutical
Companies cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations
will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the regulatory approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In addition,
increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent regulatory approval, as
well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 

Additional Risks Related to our Medical
Device Business 

Rafael Medical Devices device candidates
may cause significant adverse events, toxicities or other undesirable side effects when used alone or in combination with other approved
or cleared devices or investigational or approved drugs that may result in a safety profile that could prevent regulatory approval, prevent
market acceptance, limit their commercial potential, result in significant negative consequences, or potential product liability claims. 

If Rafael Medical Devices device candidates
are associated with undesirable side effects or have unexpected characteristics in clinical trials when used alone or in combination with
other approved or cleared devices or in combination with investigational or approved drugs, Rafael Medical Devices may need to interrupt,
delay or abandon their development or limit development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or
other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective. Treatment-related side effects
could also affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential product liability
claims. Any of these occurrences may prevent Rafael Medical Devices from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected device
candidate and may adversely affect Rafael Medical Devices and our business, financial condition, and prospects significantly. 

54 

In addition, many device candidates that initially
showed promise in early-stage testing have later been found to cause side effects that prevented further development of the device candidates.
If significant adverse events or other side effects are observed in any of Rafael Medical Devices current or future clinical trials,
Rafael Medical Devices may have difficulty recruiting patients to the clinical trials, patients may drop out of such trials, or they may
be required to abandon the trials or their development efforts of a device candidate altogether. Rafael Medical Devices, the FDA, other
comparable regulatory authorities or an IRB or ethics committee may suspend clinical trials of a device candidate at any time for various
reasons, including a belief that subjects in such trials are being exposed to inadequate clinical benefit and/or unacceptable health risks
or adverse side effects. 

Further, if any of Rafael Medical Devices 
device candidates obtains regulatory approval, marketing authorization or clearance, toxicities or other serious adverse events associated
with such device candidates previously not seen during clinical testing may also develop after such approval, marketing authorization,
or clearance and lead to a number of potentially significant negative consequences, including, but not limited to: 

Regulatory authorities may suspend, limit or withdraw approvals, marketing authorizations or clearances
of such device, if any, or seek an injunction against its manufacture or distribution; 

regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label, including boxed warnings,
or issue safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases or other communications containing warnings or other safety information
about the product; 

Rafael Medical Devices may be required to change the way the device is implanted or conduct additional
clinical trials or post-approval studies; 

Rafael Medical Devices may be subject to fines, injunctions or the imposition of criminal penalties; 

we or Rafael Medical Devices could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; and 

Rafael Medical Devices and our reputation may suffer. 

Any of these events could prevent Rafael Medical
Devices from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular device candidate, if approved, marketing authorized or cleared,
as well as that of future device candidates, and could seriously harm their and our business. 

55 

Interim, top-line and preliminary
data from preclinical studies and clinical trials that Rafael Medical Devices announce or publish from time to time may may change as
more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final
data. 

From time to time, we and/or Rafael Medical Devices
may publicly disclose preliminary or top-line data from preclinical studies and clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary analysis
of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following study completion and a more
comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial. We and/or Rafael Medical Devices may also make assumptions,
estimations, calculations, and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we or they may not have received or had the opportunity
to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the top-line or preliminary results reported may differ significantly from future
results of the same or future studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results and/or limit the clinical significance
and clinical conclusions that can be drawn from them, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Top-line data also
remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary
data we and/or Rafael Medical Devices previously published. Even complete data from an individual study or clinical trial may be evaluated
different and result in different conclusions based upon subsequent data from a subsequently completed study. In addition, the full study
results from all clinical trials are subject to FDA review, and the FDA may draw materially different conclusions than those reached by
us or Rafael Medical Devices. As a result, top-line data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available, and then, until
the full study results have been completely evaluated by the FDA. 

From time to time, we and/or Rafael Medical Devices
may also disclose interim data from preclinical studies or clinical trials. Interim data from preclinical studies and clinical trials
are subject to the risk that one or more of the preclinical or clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues
and more patient data become available or as patients from such clinical trials continue other treatments for their condition. Adverse
differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could materially adversely affect our and Rafael Medical Devices 
business prospects. 

Further, others, including regulatory agencies,
may not accept or agree with our or Rafael Medical Devices assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may
interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular device development program, the
approvability or commercialization of the particular device candidate or device, and our and Rafael Medical Devices companies in
general. In addition, the information we or they choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on
what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is material or otherwise appropriate information
to include in our disclosure. If the interim, top-line, or preliminary data that we or Rafael Medical Devices report differs from actual
results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, Rafael Medical Devices ability
to obtain approval, marketing authorization or clearance for, and commercialize, their device candidates may be adversely affected, which
could materially adversely affect our and Rafael Medical Devices business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Results of preclinical studies and early
clinical trials may not be predictive of results of future preclinical studies and clinical trials. 

The outcome of preclinical studies and early clinical trials may not
be predictive of the success or failure of later preclinical studies and clinical trials, and interim results of preclinical studies and
clinical trials do not necessarily predict success in future preclinical studies and clinical trials. Many companies in the medical device
industry have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials after achieving positive results in earlier development, and
Rafael Medical Devices could face similar setbacks. The design of a clinical trial can determine whether its results will support approval,
marketing authorization or clearance of a device candidate, and flaws in the design of a clinical trial may not become apparent until
the clinical trial is well advanced or even completed. Rafael Medical Devices has limited experience in designing clinical trials and
may be unable to design and execute a clinical trial to support regulatory approval, marketing authorization or clearance. In addition,
clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses. Many medical device companies that believed their device
candidates performed satisfactorily in clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain regulatory approval, marketing authorization
or clearance for the device candidates. Even if Rafael Medical Devices, or future collaborators, believe that the results of clinical
trials for Rafael Medical Devices device candidates warrant regulatory approval, marketing authorization or clearance, the FDA
or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree and may not grant regulatory approval, marketing authorization or clearance
of Rafael Medical Devices device candidates. 

56 

In some instances, there can be significant variability
in safety or efficacy results between different clinical trials of the same device candidate due to numerous factors, including changes
in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in standards of care in different geographical locations, differences in the size
and type of the patient populations, differences in the standard of care in different geographical locations, changes in and adherence
to the treatment regimen and other elements of the clinical trial protocol, and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants.
If Rafael Medical Devices fails to receive positive results in clinical trials of Rafael Medical Devices device candidates, the
development timeline and regulatory approval, marketing authorization or clearance and commercialization prospects for Rafael Medical
Devices most advanced device candidates, and, correspondingly, our and Rafael Medical Devices business and financial prospects,
would be negatively impacted. 

The regulatory approval, marketing authorization
and clearance processes of the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming, and inherently unpredictable,
and if Rafael Medical Devices is ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval or clearance for their device candidates, their business
will be substantially harmed. 

Before Rafael Medical Devices can market or sell
a new medical device or a new use of or a claim for or significant modification to any medical device that has received approval or clearance,
if any, in the United States, Rafael Medical Devices must obtain either clearance from the FDA under the 510(k) pathway, marketing authorization
in response to a De Novo request, or approval of a PMA, unless an exemption applies. In the 510(k) clearance process, the FDA must determine
that a proposed device is substantially equivalent to a legally-marketed predicate device. To be substantially equivalent, 
the proposed device must have the same intended use as the predicate device, and either have the same technological characteristics as
the predicate device or have different technological characteristics and not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness than
the predicate device. If FDA determines that the device is not substantially equivalent, the device is automatically designated
as a Class III device. The device sponsor then must either fulfill the more rigorous PMA requirements, or the sponsor can submit a De
Novo request seeking a risk-based classification determination for the device in accordance with the FDA s De Novo classification
process, which is a route to market for novel medical devices that are low to moderate risk and are not substantially equivalent to a
predicate device. A sponsor also can submit a De Novo classification request directly, without first submitting a 510(k), if the sponsor
determines that there is no legally marketed predicate device upon which to base a determination of substantial equivalence. In the PMA
process, the FDA must determine that a proposed device is safe and effective for its intended use based, in part, on extensive data, including,
but not limited to, technical, preclinical, clinical trial, manufacturing, and labeling data. The PMA process is typically required for
products that are deemed to pose the greatest risk, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting or implantable devices. 

57 

The PMA approval, the De Novo classification,
and the 510(k) clearance process can be expensive, lengthy, and uncertain. The FDA s 510(k) clearance process usually takes from
three to twelve months, but can last longer, and the De Novo classification process generally can be comparable. The process of obtaining
a PMA is much more costly and uncertain than the 510(k) clearance and De Novo classification processes and generally takes from six to
eighteen months, or even longer, from the time the application is filed with the FDA. In addition, a PMA generally requires the performance
of one or more clinical trials. Despite the time, effort, and cost, we and Rafael Medical Devices cannot assure you that any particular
device candidate will be approved or cleared by the FDA. Any delay or failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals, marketing authorizations,
or clearances could harm our and Rafael Medical Devices business. 

Any modification to any 510(k)-cleared product,
if any, that would constitute a major change in its intended use, or any change that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness
of any such device, would require Rafael Medical Devices to obtain a new 510(k) marketing clearance and may even, in some circumstances,
require the submission of a De Novo request or a PMA application, if the change raises complex or novel scientific issues or the product
has a new intended use. The FDA requires every manufacturer to make the determination regarding the need for a new 510(k) submission in
the first instance, but the FDA may review any manufacturer s decision. Rafael Medical Devices may make changes to a 510(k)-cleared
product, if any, in the future that Rafael Medical Devices may determine does not require a new 510(k) clearance, De Novo marketing authorization,
or PMA approval. If the FDA disagrees with Rafael Medical Devices decision not to seek a new 510(k) clearance, De Novo marketing
authorization, or PMA approval for changes or modifications to any existing devices and requires new clearances, marketing authorizations,
or approvals, Rafael Medical Devices may be required to recall and stop marketing any products as modified, if any, which could require
Rafael Medical Devices to redesign its products, conduct clinical trials to support any modifications, and pay significant regulatory
fines or penalties. If there is any delay or failure in obtaining required clearances or approvals or if the FDA requires Rafael Medical
Devices to go through a lengthier, more rigorous examination for future device candidates or modifications to existing devices, if any,
than Rafael Medical Devices had expected, Rafael Medical Devices ability to introduce new or enhanced devices in a timely manner
would be adversely affected, which in turn would result in delayed or no realization of revenue from such device enhancements or new devices
and could also result in substantial additional costs which could decrease Rafael Medical Devices profitability. 

The FDA can delay, limit or deny approval, marketing
authorization or clearance of a device for many reasons, including: 

Rafael Medical Devices may not be able to demonstrate to the FDA s satisfaction that the device
or modification is substantially equivalent to the proposed predicate device or safe and effective for its intended use; 

The data from Rafael Medical Devices preclinical studies and clinical trials may be insufficient
to support approval or clearance, where required; and; 

The manufacturing process or facilities that Rafael Medical Devices use may not meet applicable requirements. 

58 

In addition, the FDA may change its approval,
marketing authorization and clearance policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations, or take other actions, which
may prevent or delay approval, marketing authorization, or clearance of Rafael Medical Devices future device candidates or impact
Rafael Medical Devices ability to modify approved, marketing authorized, or cleared devices, if any, on a timely basis. Even after
approval, marketing authorization, or clearance for Rafael Medical Devices products is obtained, they and the products are subject
to extensive postmarket regulation by the FDA, including with respect to advertising, marketing, labeling, manufacturing, distribution,
import, export, and clinical evaluation. 

Rafael Medical Devices is also required to timely
file various reports with regulatory agencies for any device that has received approval, marketing authorization, or clearance. If these
reports are not timely filed, regulators may impose sanctions, and sales of Rafael Medical Devices products may suffer, and they
and we may be subject to product liability or regulatory enforcement actions, all of which could harm their and our business. In addition,
if Rafael Medical Devices initiates a correction or removal for a device that receives approval, marketing authorization, or clearance,
if any, issues a safety alert, or undertakes a field action or recall to reduce a risk to health posed by any such device, Rafael Medical
Devices may be required to submit a report to the FDA, and in many cases, to other regulatory agencies. Such reports could lead to increased
scrutiny by the FDA, other comparable regulatory agencies, and Rafael Medical Devices customers regarding the quality and safety
of their devices, and to negative publicity, including FDA alerts, press releases, or administrative or judicial actions. Furthermore,
the submission of these reports has been and could be used by competitors against Rafael Medical Devices in competitive situations and
cause customers to delay purchase decisions or cancel orders, which would harm their and our reputation and business. 

The FDA, state, and foreign regulatory authorities
have broad enforcement powers. Rafael Medical Devices failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could result in
enforcement action by the FDA, state or foreign regulatory agencies, which may include any of the following sanctions: 

adverse publicity, warning letters, untitled letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees, and civil penalties; 

repair, replacement, refunds, recalls, termination of manufacturing and/or distribution, administrative
detention or seizures of a device(s) that receives approval, marketing authorization or clearance, if any; 

operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

customer notifications or repair, replacement or refunds; 

refusing Rafael Medical Devices requests for 510(k) clearance, De Novo classification or PMA approvals
or foreign regulatory approvals of new device candidates, new intended uses or modifications to existing devices, if any; 

withdrawals of current 510(k) clearances, De Novo classifications or PMAs or foreign regulatory approvals,
resulting in prohibitions on sales of any Rafael Medical Devices device(s) that receives approval, marketing authorization or clearance,
if any; 

FDA refusal to issue certificates to foreign governments needed to export products for sale in other countries;
and 

criminal prosecution. 

59 

Any of these sanctions could also result in higher
than anticipated costs or lower than anticipated sales of any Rafael Medical Devices device(s) that receives approval, marketing
authorization, or clearance and adversely affect their and our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Even if Rafael Medical Devices receives
regulatory approval, marketing authorization, or clearance for any device candidate, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations
and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. 

Any regulatory approvals, marketing authorizations,
or clearances that Rafael Medical Devices may receive for their device candidates will require the regular submission of reports to regulatory
authorities and surveillance to monitor the safety and effectiveness of the medical device, may contain significant limitations related
to use restrictions for specified age groups or patient populations, warnings, precautions or contraindications, and may include burdensome
post-approval study requirements. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves, issues a marketing authorization for,
or clears a device candidate, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising,
promotion, import, export, and recordkeeping for Rafael Medical Devices devices, if any, will be subject to extensive and ongoing
regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, maintenance
of cGMP compliance at and registrations for all manufacturing facilities, as well as continued compliance with GCP requirements for any
clinical trials that are conducted post-approval. Manufacturers of approved devices and their facilities are subject to continual review
and periodic, unannounced inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP regulations and standards.
Later discovery of previously unknown problems with marketed devices, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency,
or with third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among
other things: 

restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of any Rafael Medical Devices device that receives
approval, marketing authorization or clearance, if any, withdrawal of the device from the market or voluntary or mandatory device recalls; 

requirements to conduct post-marketing studies or clinical trials; 

fines, restitutions, disgorgement of profits or revenue, warning letters, untitled letters or holds on
clinical trials; 

refusal by the FDA to approve or clear pending applications or supplements to approved, marketing authorized
or cleared applications filed by Rafael Medical Devices or suspension or revocation of approvals, if any; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of Rafael Medical Devices 
devices; and 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

60 

The occurrence of any event or penalty described
above may inhibit Rafael Medical Devices ability to commercialize their device candidates and generate revenue and could require
Rafael Medical Devices to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. 

In addition, the FDA s and other regulatory
authorities policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory
approval, marketing authorization, or clearance of Rafael Medical Devices device candidates. We also cannot predict the likelihood,
nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative or executive action, either in the
United States or abroad. For example, the results of the 2020 United States Presidential Election impacted our business and industry.
Namely, the Trump Administration took several Executive Actions, including the issuance of a number of Executive Orders, that imposed
significant burdens on, or otherwise materially delayed, the FDA s ability to engage in routine oversight activities, such as implementing
statutes through rulemaking, issuance of guidance, and review and approval of applications seeking approval, marketing authorization,
or clearance of device candidates. It is difficult to predict whether or how these orders will be rescinded and replaced under the Biden
Administration or future Administrations. The policies and priorities of any Administration and the U.S. Congress are unknown and could
materially impact the regulations governing Rafael Medical Devices device candidates. If we or Rafael Medical Devices are slow
or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we or they are not able
to maintain regulatory compliance as a result of a changing regulatory landscape or otherwise, we or they may be subject to enforcement
action, may lose any regulatory approval(s), marketing authorization(s), or clearance(s) that we or they obtain, if any, or fail to obtain
new regulatory approvals, marketing authorizations, or clearances, and we and they may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability,
which would adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Rafael Medical Devices is dependent upon
third parties for a variety of functions. These arrangements may not provide Rafael Medical Devices with the benefits they expect. 

Rafael Medical Devices relies on third parties
to perform a variety of functions. Rafael Medical Devices is party to numerous agreements that place substantial responsibility on clinical
research organizations, contract manufacturing organizations, consultants, and other service providers for the development of Rafael Medical
Devices device candidates. Rafael Medical Devices also relies on medical and academic institutions to perform aspects of its clinical
trials of device candidates. In addition, an element of Rafael Medical Devices research and development strategy has been to in-license
technology and device candidates from academic and government institutions in order to minimize or eliminate investments in early research.
Rafael Medical Devices may not be able to enter new arrangements without undue delays or expenditures or on favorable terms, and these
arrangements may not allow Rafael Medical Devices to compete successfully. Moreover, if third parties do not successfully carry out their
contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or applicable protocols,
Rafael Medical Devices device candidates may not be approved, receive marketing authorization, or be cleared for marketing and
commercialization or such approval, marketing authorization, or clearance may be delayed. If that occurs, Rafael Medical Devices or its
collaborators will not be able, or may be delayed in their efforts, to commercialize Rafael Medical Devices device candidates. 

61 

Product liability lawsuits against Rafael
Medical Devices or their collaborators or us could cause substantial liabilities and could limit commercialization of any medical devices
that Rafael Medical Devices or their collaborators may develop. 

Rafael Medical Devices and their collaborators
and we face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the testing and manufacturing of Rafael Medical Devices device
candidates in human clinical trials and will face an even greater risk if Rafael Medical Devices or they commercially sell any medical
devices that Rafael Medical Devices or they may develop that secure regulatory approval, marketing authorization, or clearance. Rafael
Medical Devices device candidates are designed to affect, and any future devices will be designed to affect, important bodily functions
and processes. Any side effects, manufacturing defects, misuse or abuse associated with Rafael Medical Devices device candidates
or devices could result in patient injury or death. The medical device industry has historically been subject to extensive litigation
over product liability claims, and we cannot assure you that we and Rafael Medical Devices will not face product liability claims. We
and Rafael Medical Devices may be subject to product liability claims if Rafael Medical Devices device candidates or devices cause,
or merely appear to have caused, patient injury or death, even if such injury or death was as a result of supplies or components that
are produced by third-party suppliers. Product liability claims may be brought against us by consumers, healthcare providers or others
selling or otherwise coming into contact with Rafael Medical Devices products, among others. If Rafael Medical Devices or their
collaborators, or we, cannot successfully defend themselves or ourselves against product liability claims that Rafael Medical Devices 
device candidates or devices caused injuries, Rafael Medical Devices and we could incur substantial liabilities and reputational harm.
Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased demand for any device candidates or devices that Rafael Medical Devices may develop; 

injury to Rafael Medical Devices reputation and significant negative media attention; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

significant costs to defend the related litigation; 

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

loss of revenue; 

product recalls or withdrawals from the market; 

reduced resources of Rafael Medical Devices management to pursue Rafael Medical Devices 
business strategy, and diverted time and attention from executing on that strategy; and 

the inability to commercialize any devices that Rafael Medical Devices may successfully develop, if any. 

62 

Although Rafael Medical Devices and we maintain
product liability and/or clinical study liability insurance coverage that they and we believe is appropriate, this insurance is subject
to deductibles and coverage limitations, and it may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that Rafael Medical Devices may incur. Rafael
Medical Devices and our current product liability insurance may not continue to be available to them or us on acceptable terms,
if at all. If Rafael Medical Devices or we are unable to obtain insurance at an acceptable cost or on acceptable terms or otherwise protect
against potential product liability claims, they or we could be exposed to significant liabilities. We anticipate that Rafael Medical
Devices will need to increase their insurance coverage as they continue to run clinical trials and if they successfully commercialize
any device that receives regulatory approval, marketing authorization, or clearance. Insurance coverage in this setting is increasingly
expensive. Rafael Medical Devices or we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost, if at all, or in an amount
adequate to protect them or us against any product liability claim that may arise. In addition, if one of Rafael Medical Devices 
collaboration partners were to become subject to product liability claims or were unable to successfully defend themselves against such
claims, any such collaboration partner could be more likely to terminate such relationships and could potentially seek indemnification
from Rafael Medical Devices, and therefore substantially limit the commercial potential of Rafael Medical Devices device candidates.
A product liability claim, recall or other claim with respect to uninsured liabilities or for amounts in excess of insured liabilities
could adversely affect our and Rafael Medical Devices business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

If Rafael Medical Devices fails to comply
with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, they could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could
have a material adverse effect on the success of their businesses. 

Rafael Medical Devices is subject to numerous
environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage,
treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Rafael Medical Devices operations involve the use of hazardous materials,
including chemical materials. Rafael Medical Devices operations also produce hazardous waste products. Rafael Medical Devices generally
contracts with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. Rafael Medical Devices cannot eliminate the risk of contamination
or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from their use of hazardous materials, Rafael Medical
Devices could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed their resources. Rafael Medical Devices also could
incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties. 

Although Rafael Medical Devices maintains workers 
compensation insurance to cover them for costs and expenses they may incur due to injuries to their employees resulting from the use of
hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. Rafael Medical Devices may not maintain
adequate insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against them in connection with their storage
or disposal of hazardous materials. 

63 

In addition, Rafael Medical Devices may incur
substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future
laws and regulations may impair Rafael Medical Devices research, development or production efforts. Failure to comply with these
laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 

Risks Related to Reliance on Third Parties 

The Portfolio Companies currently rely on,
and plan to rely on in the future, third parties to conduct and support their preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third
parties do not properly and successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, the Portfolio Companies and may
not be able to obtain regulatory approval of or commercialize their product candidates. 

The Portfolio Companies have utilized and plan
to continue to utilize and depend upon independent investigators and collaborators, such as medical institutions, CROs, CMOs, and strategic
partners to conduct and support their preclinical studies and clinical trials under written agreements. The Portfolio Companies will generally
have to negotiate budgets and contracts with CROs, trial sites, and CMOs, and they may not be able to do so on favorable terms, if at
all, which may result in delays to anticipated development timelines and increased costs. 

We expect that the Portfolio Companies will rely
heavily on these third parties over the course of their preclinical studies and clinical trials, and they will control only certain aspects
of their activities. As a result, the Portfolio Companies will have less direct control over resource allocations and thus the conduct,
timing, and completion of these preclinical studies and clinical trials and the management of data developed through preclinical studies
and clinical trials than would be the case if they were relying entirely upon their own staff. Nevertheless, the Portfolio Companies are
responsible for ensuring that each of their studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements,
and scientific standards, and our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. The Portfolio Companies
and these third parties are required to comply with GLP and GCP requirements, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA
and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for product candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these GLP
and GCP requirements through periodic inspections, both announced and unannounced, of trial sponsors, principal investigators, trial sites,
and manufacturing sites, and the corresponding books and records of such parties. 

If the Pharmaceutical Companies or Rafael Medical
Devices or any of these third parties fail to comply with applicable GLP or GCP regulations, the preclinical data generated in their preclinical
studies and/or the clinical data generated in their clinical trials may be deemed unreliable, and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory
authorities may require them to repeat clinical trials and/or to perform additional preclinical studies and/or clinical trials before
approving any marketing applications. We cannot assure you that, upon inspection, such regulatory authorities will determine that any
of the Pharmaceutical Companies or Rafael Medical Devices preclinical studies and/or clinical trials comply with the GLP
or GCP regulations. In addition, such clinical trials must be conducted with pharmaceutical product or a medical device produced under
applicable cGMP and QSR regulations and will require a large number of test patients. The Pharmaceutical Companies or Rafael Medical
Devices failure or any failure by these third parties to comply with these regulations or to recruit a sufficient number of patients
may require them to repeat clinical trials and/or to perform additional clinical studies, which would delay the regulatory approval process.
Moreover, their and our business may be implicated if any of these third parties violates federal or state fraud and abuse or false claims
laws and regulations or healthcare privacy and security laws. 

64 

Any third parties conducting the Pharmaceutical
Companies or Rafael Medical Devices preclinical studies and clinical trials will not be their employees and, except for
remedies available to them under their agreements with such third parties, the Portfolio Companies cannot control whether or not any third-party
personnel will devote sufficient time and resources to the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates or Rafael Medical Devices 
device candidates. These third parties may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including competitors, for whom they
may also be conducting clinical trials or other product development activities, which could affect their performance on our behalf. If
these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to
be replaced, or if the quality or accuracy of the preclinical and/or clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere
to preclinical or clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, the Pharmaceutical Companies and Rafael Medical
Devices preclinical studies and clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and they may not be able to complete development
of, obtain regulatory approval of, or successfully commercialize their product candidates or device candidates. As a result, their and
our financial results and commercial prospects would be adversely affected, their and our costs could increase, and their and our ability
to generate revenue could be delayed. 

The Portfolio Companies currently rely and
expect to rely in the future on the use of manufacturing suites in third-party facilities or on third parties to manufacture the Portfolio
Companies product candidates and device candidates, and they may rely on third parties to produce and process their products, if
approved. The Portfolio Companies business could be adversely affected if they are unable to use third-party manufacturing suites
or if the third-party manufacturers fail to provide them with sufficient quantities of our product candidates or device candidates or
fail to do so in a cGMP-compliant manner, at acceptable quality levels or at acceptable prices. 

The Portfolio Companies do not currently own any
facility that may be used as a clinical-scale manufacturing and processing facility and must currently rely on outside vendors to manufacture
the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates and Rafael Medical Devices device candidates. The Portfolio Companies have
not yet caused their product candidates or device candidates to be manufactured on a commercial scale and may not be able to do so. We
expect that the Portfolio Companies will need to negotiate and maintain contractual arrangements with these outside vendors for the supply
of their product candidates and device candidates, and they may not be able to do so on favorable terms. 

The facilities used by contract manufacturers
to manufacture product candidates or approved products must also be approved by the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities
following inspections for any such approved products that generally will be conducted after the Pharmaceutical Companies or Rafael Medical
Devices submit an application to the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Such inspections also could occur, for other
products being manufactured by contract manufacturers, before the Pharmaceutical Companies or Rafael Medical Devices submit an application
to the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities, and any adverse regulatory findings from such inspections could adversely
impact a contract manufacturer s ability to be a contract manufacturer for the Portfolio Companies. The Portfolio Companies may
not directly control the manufacturing process of, and may be completely dependent on, contract manufacturing partners for compliance
with cGMP requirements and any other regulatory requirements of the FDA or other regulatory authorities for the manufacture of product
candidates and device candidates and of any products that receive regulatory approval or clearance. Beyond periodic audits, the Portfolio
Companies have no direct control over the ability of their contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance,
and qualified personnel. Nevertheless, the Portfolio Companies are responsible for ensuring that all manufacturing is conducted in accordance
with the applicable cGMP or QSR and other legal and regulatory requirements and scientific standards, and the Portfolio Companies 
reliance on third parties does not relieve them of their regulatory responsibilities. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority
does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of any approved or cleared products or if they withdraw any approval in the future,
the Portfolio Companies may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would require the incurrence of significant additional
time and costs and materially adversely affect the ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval or clearance for or market any product
candidates or device candidates, if approved or cleared. Similarly, if any third-party manufacturers on which the Pharmaceutical Companies
or Rafael Medical Devices rely fail to manufacture quantities of their product candidates or device candidates at quality levels necessary
to meet regulatory requirements and at a scale sufficient to meet anticipated demand at a cost that allows them to achieve profitability,
their and our business, financial condition, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

65 

The anticipated reliance on a limited number of
third-party manufacturers exposes the Portfolio Companies and us to a number of risks, including the following: 

the Pharmaceutical Companies and Rafael Medical Devices may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable
terms or at all because the number of potential manufacturers is limited, and the FDA must inspect any manufacturers for applicable cGMP
and QSR compliance as part of the Pharmaceutical Companies and Rafael Medical Devices marketing applications; 

a new manufacturer would have to be educated in, or develop substantially equivalent processes for, the
production of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates and Rafael Medical Devices device candidates; 

third-party manufacturers might be unable to timely manufacture Pharmaceutical Companies product
candidates and Rafael Medical Devices device candidates or produce the quantity and quality required to meet their clinical and
commercial needs, if any; 

contract manufacturers may not be able to execute the Pharmaceutical Companies and Rafael Medical
Devices manufacturing procedures and other logistical support requirements appropriately; 

future contract manufacturers may not perform as agreed, may not devote sufficient resources to the Pharmaceutical
Companies product candidates or Rafael Medical Devices device candidates, or may not remain in the contract manufacturing
business for the time required to supply clinical trials or to successfully produce, store, and distribute approved or cleared products,
if any; 

manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and corresponding state
agencies and foreign regulatory authorities to ensure strict compliance with cGMP and QSR and other government regulations and corresponding
foreign standards, and the Portfolio Companies have no direct control over third-party manufacturers compliance with these regulations
and standards, although the Portfolio Companies reliance on third parties does not relieve them of their regulatory responsibilities; 

the Portfolio Companies may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to any improvements
made by any third-party manufacturers in the manufacturing process for the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates and Rafael
Medical Devices device candidates; 

third-party manufacturers could breach or terminate their agreements with us, the Pharmaceutical Companies
or Rafael Medical Devices; 

raw materials and components used in the manufacturing process, particularly those for which the Portfolio
Companies have no other source or supplier, may not be available or may not be suitable or acceptable for use due to material or component
defects; 

contract manufacturers and critical reagent suppliers may be subject to public health emergencies, inclement
weather, as well as natural or man-made disasters; and 

contract manufacturers may have unacceptable or inconsistent product quality success rates and yields,
and the Pharmaceutical Companies and Rafael Medical Devices will have no direct control over contract manufacturers ability to
maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance, and qualified personnel, although the Pharmaceutical Companies and Rafael
Medical Devices reliance on third parties does not relieve them of their regulatory responsibilities. 

The Portfolio Companies business could
be materially adversely affected by business disruptions caused by third-party providers that could materially adversely affect their
and our potential future revenue and financial condition and increase their and our costs and expenses. Each of these risks could delay
or prevent the completion of the Pharmaceutical Companies and Rafael Medical Devices clinical trials or the approval of
any of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates or Rafael Medical Devices device candidates by the FDA or comparable
foreign regulatory authorities, result in higher costs, or adversely impact commercialization of any product candidates in the event that
they were to receive regulatory approval or clearance. 

66 

The Portfolio Companies may, in the future,
form or seek collaborations or strategic alliances or enter into licensing arrangements, and the Portfolio Companies may not realize the
benefits of such collaborations, alliances or licensing arrangements. 

The Portfolio Companies may, in the future, form
or seek strategic alliances, create joint ventures or collaborations, or enter into licensing arrangements with third parties that they
believe will complement or augment their development and commercialization efforts with respect to the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates, any future product candidates that we or they may develop, Rafael Medical Devices device candidates, and any
future device candidates that we or they may develop. Any of these relationships may require the Portfolio Companies or us to incur non-recurring
and other charges, increase near- and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing stockholders or disrupt our or
their management and business. 

In addition, we and the Portfolio Companies face
significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners, and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. Moreover,
we and the Portfolio Companies may not be successful in our or their efforts to establish a strategic partnership or other alternative
arrangements for any product candidates because they may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort,
and third parties may not view such product candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy and obtain
regulatory approval or clearance. 

Further, collaborations involving the Portfolio
Companies product candidates and device candidates are subject to numerous risks, which may include the following: 

collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply
to a collaboration; 

collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of the Portfolio Companies product
candidates or device candidates or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization of their product candidates or
device candidates based on clinical trial results, changes in their strategic focus due to the acquisition of competitive products, availability
of funding or other external factors, such as a business combination that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; 

collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial, stop a clinical
trial, abandon a product candidate or device candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product
candidate or device candidate for clinical testing; 

collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly
or indirectly with the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates and Rafael Medical Devices device candidates; 

67 

a collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more product candidates or device candidates
may not commit sufficient resources to their marketing and distribution in the event that they were to receive regulatory approval or
clearance; 

collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our or the Portfolio Companies intellectual property
rights or may use our or their intellectual property or proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation
that could jeopardize or invalidate our or their intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us or them to potential liability; 

disputes may arise between us and/or the Portfolio Companies and a collaborator that cause the delay or
termination of the research, development or commercialization of a product candidate or device candidate, or that result in costly litigation
or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 

collaborations may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue
further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates or device candidates; and 

collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our or the Portfolio Companies products
that results from our or their collaborating with them, and in such cases, we and they would not have the exclusive right to commercialize
such intellectual property. 

As a result, if we or the Portfolio Companies
enter into future collaboration agreements and strategic partnerships or out-license the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates
or Rafael Medical Devices device candidates, we may not be able to realize the benefit of such transactions if we are unable to
successfully integrate them with our or their existing operations and company culture, which could delay our or their timelines or otherwise
adversely affect our or their business. We and the Portfolio Companies also cannot be certain that, following a strategic transaction
or license, we or they will achieve the revenue or specific net income that justifies such transaction. Furthermore, if conflicts arise
between our or their future corporate or academic collaborators or strategic partners and us or them, the other party may act in a manner
adverse to us or them and could limit our or their ability to implement our or their strategies. Any delays in entering into future collaborations
or strategic partnership agreements related to our or their product candidates or device candidates could delay the development and commercialization
of our or their product candidates and device candidates in certain geographies for certain indications, which would harm our and their
business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

68 

The Pharmaceutical Companies and
Rafael Medical Devices relationships with customers, physicians and third-party payors may be subject, directly or indirectly,
to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, health information privacy and security laws, and other healthcare
laws and regulations. If the Pharmaceutical Companies or Rafael Medical Devices or their respective employees, independent contractors,
consultants, commercial partners, or vendors violate these laws, they could face substantial penalties. 

The Pharmaceutical Companies and Rafael
Medical Devices relationships with customers, physicians, and third-party payors may be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal
and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, health information privacy and security laws, and other healthcare laws
and regulations. These laws may impact, among other things, their clinical research program, as well as their proposed and future sales,
marketing, and education programs. In particular, the promotion, sales, and marketing of healthcare items and services is subject to extensive
laws and regulations designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing, and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict
or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive, and other business arrangements.
The Portfolio Companies may also be subject to federal, state, and foreign laws governing the privacy and security of identifiable patient
information. The U.S. healthcare laws and regulations that may affect their ability to operate include, but are not limited to: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly
and willfully, offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in
kind, to induce, or in return for, the purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease, or order of any item or service
reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been broadly interpreted
to include anything of value. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities
from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly. Practices that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing,
purchases or recommendations, include any payments of more than fair market value, and may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify
for an exception or safe harbor. In addition, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent
to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the federal civil False Claims Act, and civil
monetary penalty laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented,
claims for payment or approval from Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal government programs that are false or fraudulent or knowingly
making a false statement to improperly avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government, including federal
healthcare programs. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the
federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act and the civil
monetary penalties statute; 

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which created new federal
civil and criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare
benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned
by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, and knowingly and willfully
falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick, scheme or device, a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent
statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback
Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed
a violation; 

69 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, and their
respective implementing regulations, which impose requirements on certain healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses,
known as covered entities, and their respective business associates that perform services for them that involve the use or disclosure
of individually identifiable protected health information, as well as their covered subcontractors, including breach notification regulations; 

new regulations adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, effective December 18, 2023,
that require greater disclosure regarding cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance, as well as disclosure of material cybersecurity
incidents, which may require reporting of a cybersecurity incident before its impact has been fully assessed or the underlying issue has
been remediated, which could divert management s attention from incident response and could potentially reveal system vulnerabilities
to threat actors, and for which failure to timely report such incidents under these or other similar rules could also result in monetary
fines, sanctions or other forms of liability. 

analogous state data privacy and security laws and regulations that govern the collection, use, disclosure,
transfer, storage, disposal, and protection of personal information, such as social security numbers, medical and financial information,
and other information, including data breach laws that require timely notification to individuals, and at times regulators, the media
or credit reporting agencies, if a company has experienced the unauthorized access or acquisition of personal information, as well as
the California Consumer Privacy Act or CCPA, which, among other things, contains new disclosure obligations for businesses that collect
personal information about California residents and affords those individuals numerous rights relating to their personal information that
may affect companies ability to use personal information or share it with business partners, and the California Privacy Rights
Act, or CPRA, which expands the scope of the CCPA, imposes new restrictions on behavioral advertising, and establishes a new California
Privacy Protection Agency that will enforce the law and issue regulations, and became operative on January 1, 2023, with
a 12-month lookback provision applicable to personal data collected on or after January 1, 2022, and the various state laws
and regulations may be more restrictive and not preempted by United States federal laws; 

analogous foreign data protection laws, including among others the EU General Data Protection Regulation,
or the GDPR, EU member states implementing legislation, and the UK GDPR, which imposes data protection requirements that include
strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, analyze, and transfer EEA or UK personal data, a requirement for prompt
notice of data breaches to data subjects and supervisory authorities in certain circumstances, and possible substantial fines for any
violations (including possible fines for certain violations of up to the greater of 20 million Euros or 4 of total worldwide annual turnover
of the preceding financial year), with legal requirements in foreign countries relating to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer
of personal data continuing to evolve and varying widely across jurisdictions; and 

the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologicals
and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain
exceptions) to report annually to CMS information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include
doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists, and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests
held by physicians and their immediate family members. Beginning in 2022, such reporting obligations include payments and other transfers
of value provided during the previous year to physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, anesthesiologist
assistants, certified registered nurse anesthetists, and certified nurse-midwives. 

70 

The Portfolio Companies may also be subject to
state and foreign equivalents of each of the healthcare laws described above, among others, some of which may be broader in scope and
vary significantly from the federal laws. For example, they may be subject to the following: state anti-kickback and false claims laws
that may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third
party payors, including private insurers, or that apply regardless of payor; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply
with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal
government; state laws that require drug and device manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value
to physicians and other healthcare providers, marketing expenditures, or drug pricing; state and local laws requiring the registration
of pharmaceutical and device sales and medical representatives; and state and foreign laws, such as the GDPR governing the privacy and
security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted
by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. Additionally, they may be subject to federal consumer protection and unfair competition
laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers. 

Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness
of the statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors available, it is possible that some of the Portfolio Companies business
activities, or their arrangements with physicians, could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. It is not always possible
to identify and deter employee misconduct or business noncompliance, and the precautions we and the Portfolio Companies take to detect
and prevent inappropriate conduct may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us or them
from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations.
Efforts to ensure that our and their business arrangements will comply with applicable healthcare laws may involve substantial costs.
It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that our or their business practices may not comply with current
or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If the Pharmaceutical
Companies or Rafael Medical Devices or their respective employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, and vendors
violate these laws, they and we may be subject to investigations, enforcement actions and/or significant penalties, including the imposition
of significant civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, imprisonment, possible exclusion
from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits
and future earnings, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight if they or we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement
or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and curtailment of the Pharmaceutical Companies 
and Rafael Medical Devices operations, any of which could adversely affect their ability to operate their business and their and
our results of operations. In addition, the approval or clearance, if any, and commercialization of any of the Pharmaceutical Companies 
product candidates or Rafael Medical Devices device candidates outside the United States will also likely subject them and us to
foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws. 

71 

Risks Related to our Commercial Real Estate Business 

We may be unable to renew leases or relet
space as leases expire. 

If tenants decide not to renew their leases upon
expiration, we may not be able to relet the space. Even if tenants do renew or we can relet the space, the terms of a renewal or new lease,
taking into account among other things, the cost of improvements to the property and leasing commissions, may be less favorable than the
terms in the expired leases. In addition, changes in space utilization by tenants may impact our ability to renew or relet space without
the need to incur substantial costs in renovating or redesigning the internal configuration of the relevant property. If we are unable
to promptly renew the leases or relet the space at similar rates or if we incur substantial costs in renewing or reletting the space,
our cash flow and ability to service debt obligations and pay dividends and distributions to security holders could be adversely affected. 

We face competition for tenants. 

The leasing of real estate is highly competitive.
The principal competitive factors are rent, location, services provided and the nature and condition of the property to be leased. We
directly compete with all owners, developers and operators of similar space in the areas in which our properties are located. There are
number of competitive office properties the areas in which our property is located, which may be newer or better located than our property
and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to lease office space at our property, and on the effective rents we are able
to charge. 

Risks Related to Intellectual Property 

If we or the companies in which we hold
interests are unable to adequately maintain or protect our proprietary technology and product candidates and device candidates and services,
if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, or if the terms of patents are insufficient to protect product
candidates, device candidates, services or technologies for an adequate amount of time, competitors could develop and commercialize technology
and products similar or identical to that technology or those product candidates, device candidates and services, and our ability to successfully
commercialize technology or product candidates, device candidates or services may be materially impaired. 

We and the companies in which we hold interests
rely primarily upon a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secret protection, and other intellectual property rights as well as nondisclosure,
confidentiality, and other contractual agreements to protect our intellectual property related to our brands, product candidates and device
candidates, services, and other proprietary technologies. Our success depends on our ability to develop, manufacture, market, and sell
our product candidates and device candidates, if approved, and our delivery of services and use of proprietary technologies without alleged
or actual infringement, misappropriation or other violation of the patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties. There
have been many lawsuits and other proceedings asserting patents and other intellectual property rights in the biopharmaceutical industry.
We cannot assure you that our product candidates and device candidates, services or technologies will not infringe existing or future
third-party patents. Because patent applications can take many years to issue and may be confidential for 18 months or more after filing,
there may be applications now pending of which we are unaware and which may later result in issued patents that we may infringe by commercializing
our product candidates or device candidates if they receive approval or clearance or our services or technologies. There may also be issued
patents or pending patent applications that we are aware of, but that we think are irrelevant to our product candidates or device candidates,
which may ultimately be found to be infringed by the manufacture, sale, or use of our product candidates or device candidates, services
or technologies. Moreover, we may face claims from non-practicing entities that have no relevant product revenue and against whom our
patent portfolio may thus have no deterrent effect. In addition, many of our product candidates have a complex structure that makes it
difficult to conduct a thorough search and review of all potentially relevant third-party patents. Because we have not yet conducted a
formal freedom to operate analysis for patents related to our product candidates or device candidates, we may not be aware of issued patents
that a third party might assert are infringed by one of our current or future product candidates or device candidates, which could materially
impair our ability to commercialize our product candidates or device candidates if they receive regulatory approval or clearance. Even
if we diligently search third-party patents for potential infringement by our products or product candidates, or devices or device candidates,
we may not successfully find patents that our products or product candidates or devices or device candidates may infringe. If we are unable
to secure and maintain freedom to operate, others could preclude us from commercializing our product candidates or device candidates. 

72 

The process of obtaining patent protection is
expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost
or in a timely manner. We may choose not to seek patent protection for certain innovations or products and may choose not to pursue patent
protection in certain jurisdictions, and, under the laws of certain jurisdictions, patents or other intellectual property rights may be
unavailable or limited in scope and, in any event, any patent protection we obtain may be limited. As a result, in some jurisdictions,
some of our products currently or in the future may not be protected by patents. We generally apply for patents in those countries where
we intend to make, have made, use, offer for sale, or sell products and where we assess the risk of infringement to justify the cost of
seeking patent protection. However, we may not accurately predict all the countries where patent protection would ultimately be desirable.
If we fail to timely file a patent application in any such country or major market, we may be precluded from doing so at a later date.
Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop competing products and,
further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories in which we have patent protection that may not be sufficient to terminate
infringing activities. In addition, the actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a product-by-product basis, from country to country,
and depends upon many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of regulatory-related extensions,
the availability of legal remedies in a particular country, and the validity and enforceability of the patent. 

Furthermore, we cannot guarantee that any patents
will be issued from any pending or future owned or licensed patent applications, or that any current or future patents will be valid or
enforceable or provide us or them with any meaningful protection or competitive advantage. Even if issued, existing or future patents
may be challenged, including with respect to ownership, narrowed, invalidated, held unenforceable or circumvented, any of which could
limit our ability to prevent competitors and other third parties from developing and marketing similar products or limit the length of
terms of patent protection we may have for our product candidates or device candidates. Moreover, should we be unable to obtain meaningful
patent coverage for clinically relevant infusion rates in jurisdictions with commercially significant markets, our ability to extend and
reinforce patent protection for these product candidates in those jurisdictions may be adversely impacted, which could limit our ability
to prevent competitors and other third parties from developing and marketing similar products or limit the length of terms of patent protection
we may have for those product candidates. Other companies may also design around technologies we have patented, licensed or developed.
In addition, the issuance of a patent does not give us or them the right to practice the patented invention. Third parties may have blocking
patents that could prevent us from marketing our products or practicing our patented technology. 

The patent positions of biopharmaceutical companies
can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific, and factual questions for which important legal principles remain unresolved.
As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability, and commercial value of our patent rights may be uncertain. The standards
that the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO, and its foreign counterparts use to grant patents are not always applied
predictably or uniformly. Changes in either the patent laws, implementing regulations or the interpretation of patent laws may diminish
the value of our rights and the rights of the companies in which we hold interests. The legal systems of certain countries do not protect
intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, if at all, and many companies have encountered significant
problems in protecting and defending such rights in foreign jurisdictions. For example, patent laws in various jurisdictions, including
significant commercial markets such as Europe, restrict the patentability of methods of treatment of the human body more than United States
law does. In addition, many countries, including certain countries in Europe, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner
may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties (for example, the patent owner has failed to work the invention in that
country, or the third party has patented improvements). In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government
agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the
value of the patent. Moreover, the legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the aggressive
enforcement of patent and other intellectual property protection, which makes it difficult to stop infringement. 

Because patent applications in the United States,
Europe, and many other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all, and because
publications of discoveries in scientific literature lag behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that we were the first to conceive
or reduce to practice the inventions claimed in our issued patents or pending patent applications, or that we were the first to file for
protection of the inventions set forth in our patents or pending patent applications. We can give no assurance that all of the potentially
relevant art relating to our patents and patent applications has been found; overlooked prior art could be used by a third party to challenge
the validity, enforceability, and scope of our patents or prevent a patent from issuing from a pending patent application. As a result,
we may not be able to obtain or maintain protection for certain inventions. Therefore, the validity, enforceability, and scope of our
patents in the United States, Europe, and in other countries cannot be predicted with certainty and, as a result, any patents that we
own or license may not provide sufficient protection against our competitors. 

73 

Third parties may challenge any existing patent
or future patent that is owned or licensed by us through adversarial proceedings in the issuing offices or in court proceedings, including
as a response to any assertion of our patents against them. In any of these proceedings, a court or agency with jurisdiction may find
our patents invalid and/or unenforceable, or, even if valid and enforceable, insufficient to provide protection against competing products
and services sufficient to achieve our business objectives. We may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art to
the USPTO, or reexamination by the USPTO if a third party asserts a substantial question of patentability against any claim of a U.S.
patent we own or license. The adoption of the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, in September 2011 established additional
opportunities for third parties to invalidate U.S. patent claims, including inter partes review and post-grant review proceedings. Outside
of the United States, patents we own or license may become subject to patent opposition or similar proceedings, which may result in loss
of scope of some claims or the entire patent. In addition, such proceedings are very complex and expensive and may divert our management s
attention from our core business. If any of our patents are challenged, invalidated, or circumvented by third parties or otherwise limited
or expire prior to the commercialization of our products, services or technologies, and if we do not own or have exclusive rights to other
enforceable patents protecting our products, services or other technologies, competitors and other third parties could market products
and use processes that are substantially similar, or superior, to ours and theirs, and our business would suffer. 

The entities in which we hold interests or in
which we may invest may not make necessary payments or take other actions to protect intellectual property or other rights that they own,
license or have acquired from third parties, which could result in the loss or impairment of those rights and the reduction of the value
of our interests. 

The degree of future protection for our proprietary
rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain
or keep a competitive advantage. For example: 

others may be able to develop products that are similar to, or better than, ours in a way that is not
covered by the claims of our patents; 

we might not have been the first to conceive or reduce to practice the inventions covered by our patents
or pending patent applications; 

we might not have been the first to file patent applications for our inventions; 

any patents that we obtain may not provide us or them with any competitive advantages or may ultimately
be found invalid or unenforceable; and/or 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable. 

We are generally also subject to all of the same
risks with respect to protection of intellectual property that we license as we are for intellectual property that we own. We currently
in-license certain intellectual property from third parties to be able to use such intellectual property in our products and product candidates
and to aid in our research activities. In the future, we may in-license intellectual property from additional licensors. We may rely on
certain of these licensors to file and prosecute patent applications and maintain, or assist us in the maintenance of, patents and otherwise
protect the intellectual property we license from these licensors. We may have limited control over these activities or any other intellectual
property that may be related to our in-licensed intellectual property. For example, we cannot be certain that such activities by these
licensors have been or will be conducted diligently or in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or will result in valid and
enforceable patents and other intellectual property rights. We may have limited control over the manner in which our licensors initiate,
or support our efforts to initiate, an infringement proceeding against a third-party infringer of the intellectual property rights, or
defend certain of the intellectual property that is licensed to us or them. If we or our licensors fail to adequately protect this intellectual
property, our ability to develop and commercialize product candidates and products and device candidates and devices, if any receive regulatory
approval or clearance, could suffer. 

We and the companies in which we hold interests
may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming,
and unsuccessful. 

Competitors may infringe, misappropriate or otherwise
violate the patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets or other intellectual property of us or the companies in which we hold interests,
or those of our licensors. To counter infringement, misappropriation, unauthorized use or other violations, we may be required to file
legal claims, which can be expensive and time consuming and divert the time and attention of our management and scientific personnel.
In some cases, it may be difficult or impossible to detect third-party infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights,
even in relation to issued patent claims, and proving any such infringement may be even more difficult. 

74 

We and the companies in which we hold interests
may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensees or any future licensors, infringement, misappropriation or other violations of
our intellectual property rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States.
Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us or them alleging that
we infringe their patents. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability
are commonplace. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. We cannot be certain that
there is no invalidating prior art, of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a third party or a defendant
were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of any future patent
protection on our current or future product candidates or device candidates, services or technologies. Such a loss of patent protection
could harm our business. In addition, in a patent infringement proceeding, there is a risk that a court will decide that a patent of ours
is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and that we do not have the right to stop the other party from exploiting the claimed
subject matter at issue. There is also a risk that, even if the validity of such patents is upheld, the court will construe the patent s
claims narrowly or decide that we do not have the right to stop the other party from exploiting its technology on the grounds that our
patents do not cover such technology. An adverse outcome in a litigation or proceeding involving our patents could limit our ability to
assert our patents against those parties or other competitors, and may curtail or preclude our ability to exclude third parties from making,
using, importing, and selling similar or competitive products, services, or technologies. Any of these occurrences could adversely affect
our competitive business position, business prospects, and financial condition. Similarly, if we assert trademark infringement claims,
a court may determine that the marks we have asserted are invalid or unenforceable, or that the party against whom we have asserted trademark
infringement has superior rights to the marks in question or has not infringed them. In this case, we could ultimately be forced to cease
use of such trademarks. 

In any infringement, misappropriation or other
intellectual property litigation, any award of monetary damages we receive may not be commercially valuable. Furthermore, because of the
substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential
information could be compromised by disclosure during litigation. Moreover, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient financial
or other resources to file and pursue such infringement claims, which typically last for years before they are concluded. Even if we ultimately
prevail in such claims, the monetary cost of such litigation and the diversion of the attention of our management and scientific personnel
could outweigh any benefit we receive as a result of the proceedings. We may not be able to detect or prevent misappropriation of our
intellectual property rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States.
Our business could be harmed if in litigation the prevailing party does not offer us or them a license on commercially reasonable terms.
Any litigation or other proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights may fail, and even if successful, may result in substantial
costs and distract our management and other employees. 

Our commercial success and that of the companies
in which we hold interests depends significantly on our ability to operate without infringing upon the intellectual property rights of
third parties. 

The biopharmaceutical industry is subject to rapid
technological change and substantial litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. Our competitors and those of
the companies in which we hold interests, in both the United States and abroad, many of which have substantially greater resources and
have made substantial investments in patent portfolios and competing technologies, may have applied for or obtained, or may in the future
apply for or obtain, patents that will prevent, limit or otherwise interfere with our ability to make, use, and sell our product candidates,
device candidates, services, and technologies. Numerous third-party patents exist in the fields relating to our products and services,
and it is difficult for industry participants, including us and them, to identify all third-party patent rights relevant to our product
candidates, device candidates, services, and technologies. As the biopharmaceutical industry expands and more patents are issued, the
risk increases that our product candidates or device candidates, services or technologies may give rise to claims of infringement of the
patent rights of others. Moreover, because some patent applications are maintained as confidential for a certain period of time, we cannot
be certain that third parties have not filed patent applications that cover our product candidates, device candidates, services, and technologies.
Therefore, it is uncertain whether the issuance of any third-party patent would require us to alter our development or commercial strategies
for our product candidates, device candidates, services or technologies, or to obtain licenses or cease certain activities. 

Patents could be issued to third parties that
we may ultimately be found to infringe. Third parties may have or obtain valid and enforceable patents or proprietary rights that could
block us from developing products using our technology. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover
the manufacturing process of our product candidates, constructs or molecules used in or formed during the manufacturing process, any final
product itself if it received regulatory approval, or our device candidates, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our
ability to commercialize the product candidate or device candidate unless we obtain a license under the applicable patents, or until such
patents expire or they are determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. Our failure to obtain or maintain a license to any technology
that we require to develop or commercialize our current and future product candidates and device candidates, may materially harm our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. Furthermore, we would be exposed to a threat of litigation. 

75 

From time to time, we may be party to, or threatened
with, litigation or other proceedings with third parties, including non-practicing entities, who allege that our or product candidates,
components of our product candidates, device candidates, components of our device candidates, services, and/or proprietary technologies
infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their intellectual property rights. The types of situations in which we may become a party
to such litigation or proceedings include: 

we and our collaborators may initiate litigation or other proceedings against third parties seeking to
invalidate the patents held by those third parties or to obtain a judgment that our product candidates, device candidates, or processes
do not infringe those third parties patents; 

we and our collaborators may participate at substantial cost in International Trade Commission proceedings
to abate importation of third-party products that would compete unfairly with our products; 

if our competitors file patent applications that claim technology also claimed by us or our licensors,
we or our licensors may be required to participate in interference, derivation or opposition proceedings to determine the priority of
invention, which could jeopardize our patent rights and potentially provide a third party with a dominant patent position; 

if third parties initiate litigation claiming that our processes or product candidates or those of the
companies in which we hold interests, infringe their patent or other intellectual property rights, we, they and our collaborators will
need to defend against such proceedings; 

if third parties initiate litigation or other proceedings, including inter partes reviews, oppositions
or other similar agency proceedings, seeking to invalidate patents owned by or licensed to us or the companies in which we hold interests,
or to obtain a declaratory judgment that their products, services, or technologies do not infringe our patents or patents licensed to
us or them, we will need to defend against such proceedings; 

we may be subject to ownership disputes relating to intellectual property, including disputes arising
from conflicting obligations of consultants or others who are involved in developing our product candidate; and 

if a license to necessary technology is terminated, the licensor may initiate litigation claiming that
our processes or product candidates or those of the companies in which we hold interests infringe or misappropriate its patent or other
intellectual property rights and/or that we breached our obligations under the license agreement, and we and our collaborators would need
to defend against such proceedings. 

These lawsuits and proceedings, regardless of
merit, are time-consuming and expensive to initiate, maintain, defend or settle, and could divert the time and attention of managerial
and technical personnel, which could materially adversely affect our business and that of the companies in which we hold interests. Any
such claim could also force us to do one or more of the following: 

incur substantial monetary liability for infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights,
which we may have to pay if a court decides that the product candidate, service, or technology at issue infringes or violates the third
party s rights, and if the court finds that the infringement was willful, we could be ordered to pay up to treble damages and the
third party s attorneys fees; 

pay substantial damages to our customers or end users and those of the companies in which we hold interests
to discontinue use or replace infringing technology with non-infringing technology; 

stop manufacturing, offering for sale, selling, using, importing, exporting or licensing the product or
technology incorporating the allegedly infringing technology or stop incorporating the allegedly infringing technology into such product,
service, or technology; 

obtain from the owner of the infringed intellectual property right a license, which may require us to
pay substantial upfront fees or royalties to sell or use the relevant technology and which may not be available on commercially reasonable
terms, or at all; 

redesign our product candidates, services, and technology and those of the companies in which we hold
interests so they do not infringe or violate the third party s intellectual property rights, which may not be possible or may require
substantial monetary expenditures and time; 

76 

enter into cross-licenses with our competitors and those of the companies in which we hold interests,
which could weaken our overall intellectual property position; 

lose the opportunity to license our technology that of the companies in which we hold interests to others
or to collect royalty payments based upon successful protection and assertion of our intellectual property against others; 

find alternative suppliers for non-infringing products and technologies, which could be costly and create
significant delay; or 

relinquish rights associated with one or more of our patent claims or those of the companies in which
we hold interests, if those claims are held invalid or otherwise unenforceable 

Some of our competitors and those of the companies
in which we hold interests may be able to sustain the costs of complex intellectual property litigation more effectively than we can because
those competitors have substantially greater resources. In addition, intellectual property litigation, regardless of its outcome, may
cause negative publicity, adversely impact prospective customers, cause product shipment delays, or prohibit us or them from manufacturing,
marketing or otherwise commercializing our products, services, and technology. Any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation
of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise additional funds or otherwise have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operation, financial condition or cash flows. 

In addition, we may indemnify our customers and
distributors against claims relating to the infringement of intellectual property rights of third parties related to our product candidates
or device candidates, services or technologies. Third parties may assert infringement claims against our customers or distributors. These
claims may require us or them to initiate or defend protracted and costly litigation on behalf of our customers or distributors, regardless
of the merits of these claims. If any of these claims succeed, we may be forced to pay damages on behalf of our customers, suppliers or
distributors, or may be required to obtain licenses for the product candidates, or services they use. If we cannot obtain all necessary
licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our customers may be forced to stop using our products or services. 

Furthermore, because of the substantial amount
of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information and
that of the companies in which we hold interests could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be
public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments, which could have a material adverse
effect on the price of our common stock. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material
adverse effect on the price of our common stock. The occurrence of any of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operation, financial condition or cash flows. 

If we and the companies in which we hold
interests are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position may be harmed. 

In addition to patent and trademark protection,
we and the companies in which we hold interests also rely on trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary
information, to maintain our competitive position. Because we expect to rely on third parties to manufacture our product candidates and
device candidates, and we expect to continue to collaborate with third parties on the development of our product candidates and device
candidates, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. We seek to protect our respective trade secrets, in part, by entering into
non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them prior to disclosing our proprietary information, such
as our consultants and vendors, or our former or current employees. These agreements typically limit the rights of third parties to use
or disclose our confidential information, including our trade secrets. We also enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements
with our employees and consultants. Despite these efforts, however, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our trade
secrets and other unpatented or unregistered proprietary information, and once disclosed, we are likely to lose trade secret protection.
Monitoring unauthorized uses and disclosures of our intellectual property is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken
to protect our intellectual property will be effective. In addition, we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for any such breaches.
Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive, and time-consuming, and
the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to enforce trade
secret protection. A competitor s discovery of our trade secrets would impair our competitive position and have an adverse impact
on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Additionally, we cannot be certain that competitors will not gain access
to our trade secrets and other proprietary confidential information or independently develop substantially equivalent information and
techniques. 

77 

Changes in patent law could diminish the
value of patents in general, thereby impairing the ability of us and the companies in which we hold interests to protect our respective
existing and future product candidates, device candidates and processes. 

As is the case with other biopharmaceutical companies,
our success and that of the companies in which we hold interests is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents.
Obtaining and enforcing patents in the biopharmaceutical industry involves both technological and legal complexity, and is therefore costly,
time consuming, and inherently uncertain. In addition, the United States has recently enacted and is currently implementing wide-ranging
patent reform legislation. Recent patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of
our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. On September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith Act was signed into
law. The Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These include provisions that affect the way patent
applications are prosecuted, redefine prior art, may affect patent litigation, and switched the United States patent system from a first-to-invent 
system to a first-to-file system. Under a first-to-file system, assuming the other requirements for patentability
are met, the first inventor to file a patent application generally will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether
another inventor had conceived or reduced to practice the invention earlier. The USPTO recently developed new regulations and procedures
to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act,
in particular, the first-to-file provisions, became effective on March 16, 2013. It is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith
Act will have on the operation of our business. The Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs
surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a
material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

In addition, patent reform legislation may pass
in the future that could lead to additional uncertainties and increased costs surrounding the prosecution, enforcement and defense of
our patents and pending patent applications. Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available
in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. Furthermore, the U.S. Supreme Court and the U.S.
Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit have made, and will likely continue to make, changes in how the patent laws of the United States
are interpreted. Similarly, foreign courts have made, and will likely continue to make, changes in how the patent laws in their respective
jurisdictions are interpreted. We and the companies in which we hold interests cannot predict future changes in the interpretation of
patent laws or changes to patent laws that might be enacted into law by United States and foreign legislative bodies. Those changes may
materially affect our patents or patent applications and our ability to obtain additional patent protection in the future. 

The United States federal government retains certain
rights in inventions produced with its financial assistance under the Patent and Trademark Law Amendments Act, or the Bayh-Dole Act. The
federal government retains a nonexclusive, nontransferable, irrevocable, paid-up license for its own benefit. The Bayh-Dole
Act also provides federal agencies with march-in rights. March-in rights allow the government, in specified circumstances,
to require the contractor or successors in title to the patent to grant a nonexclusive, partially exclusive, or exclusive license 
to a responsible applicant or applicants. If the patent owner refuses to do so, the government may grant the license itself.
We partner with a number of universities, including the University of Iowa and the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, with
respect to certain of our research, development, and manufacturing. While it is our policy to avoid engaging our university partners in
projects in which there is a risk that federal funds may be commingled, we cannot be sure that any co-developed intellectual property
will be free from government rights pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act. If, in the future, we co-own or license in technology which is critical
to our business that is developed in whole or in part with federal funds subject to the Bayh-Dole Act, our ability to enforce or otherwise
exploit patents covering such technology may be adversely affected. 

If we and the companies in which we hold
interests do not obtain patent term extensions in the United States under the Hatch-Waxman Act and in foreign countries under similar
legislation with respect to our product candidates and device candidates, thereby potentially extending the term of marketing exclusivity
for such product candidates and device candidates, our business may be harmed. 

In the United States, a patent that covers an
FDA-approved drug, biologic or medical device may be eligible for a term extension designed to restore the period of the patent term that
is lost during the premarket regulatory review process conducted by the FDA. Depending upon the timing, duration, and conditions of FDA
regulatory approval of our and the companies in which we hold interests product candidates and device candidates, one or more of our U.S.
patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, or
the Hatch-Waxman Act, which permits a patent term extension of up to a maximum of five years beyond the normal expiration of the patent
if the patent is eligible for such an extension under the Hatch-Waxman Act as compensation for patent term lost during development and
the FDA regulatory review process, which is limited to the approved indication (and potentially additional indications approved during
the period of extension) covered by the patent. This extension is limited to only one patent that covers the approved product, the approved
use of the product, or a method of manufacturing the product. However, the applicable authorities, including the FDA and the USPTO in
the United States, and any equivalent regulatory authority in other countries, may not agree with our assessment of whether such extensions
are available, and may refuse to grant extensions to our patents, or may grant more limited extensions than we request. 

78 

We and the companies in which we hold interests
may not receive an extension if we fail to apply within applicable deadlines, fail to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or
otherwise fail to satisfy applicable requirements. Even if we are granted such extension, the duration of such extension may be less than
our request, and the patent term may still expire before or shortly after we receive FDA regulatory approval. If we are unable to extend
the expiration date of our existing patents or obtain new patents with longer expiry dates, our competitors may be able to take advantage
of our investment in development and clinical trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data to obtain approval of competing
products following our patent expiration and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case. 

Obtaining and maintaining patent protection
depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by governmental patent
agencies, and our patent protection and that of the companies in which we hold interests could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance
with these requirements. 

The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent
agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other similar provisions during the patent application
process. In addition, periodic maintenance fees on issued patents often must be paid to the USPTO and foreign patent agencies over the
lifetime of the patent. While an unintentional lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance
with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application,
resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment
or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time
limits, non-payment of fees, and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. If we fail to maintain the patents and patent
applications covering our product candidates, device candidates, processes or technologies, we may not be able to stop a competitor from
marketing products that are the same as or similar to our own or theirs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

If our trademarks and trade names and those
of the companies in which we hold interests are not adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets
of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 

We and the companies in which we hold interests
have not yet registered trademarks for a commercial trade name for all of our product candidate(s) or device candidates, including in
the United States or elsewhere. During trademark registration proceedings, our trademark application(s) may be rejected. Although we are
given an opportunity to respond to those rejections, we may be unable to overcome such rejections. In addition, in the USPTO and in comparable
agencies in many foreign jurisdictions, third parties can oppose pending trademark applications and seek to cancel registered trademarks.
Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademarks, and our trademarks may not survive such proceedings. Moreover,
any name we propose to use with our product candidate(s) or device candidate(s) in the United States must be approved by the FDA, regardless
of whether we have registered it, or applied to register it, as a trademark. The FDA typically conducts a review of proposed product names,
including an evaluation of potential for confusion with other product names. If the FDA objects to any of our proposed proprietary product
names, we may be required to expend significant additional resources in an effort to identify a suitable substitute name that would qualify
under applicable trademark laws, not infringe the existing rights of third parties, and be acceptable to the FDA. 

Our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade
names and those of the companies in which we hold interests may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared generic or determined
to be infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights in these trademarks and trade names, which we need in order
to build name recognition with potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. In addition, third parties have used trademarks
similar and identical to our trademarks in foreign jurisdictions, and have filed or may in the future file for registration of such trademarks.
If such third parties succeed in registering or developing common law rights in such trademarks, and if we are not successful in challenging
such third-party rights, we may not be able to use these trademarks to market our products in those countries. In any case, if we are
unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively and our business
may be adversely affected. 

We and the companies in which we hold interests
may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

Certain of our key patent families and those of
the companies in which we hold interests have been filed in the United States, as well as in numerous jurisdictions outside the United
States. However, our intellectual property rights in certain jurisdictions outside the United States may be less robust. The laws of some
foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. For example, the requirements
for patentability may differ in certain countries, particularly developing countries, and we may be unable to obtain issued patents that
contain claims that adequately cover or protect our current or future product candidates or device candidates, services or technologies.
Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions.
The legal systems of some countries, particularly developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual
property protection, especially those relating to life sciences. This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents
or the misappropriation of our other intellectual property rights. For example, many foreign countries have compulsory licensing laws
under which a patent owner must grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against
third parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, patents may provide limited or no benefit. 

79 

Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign
jurisdictions, whether or not successful, could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of
our business. Furthermore, while we intend to protect our intellectual property rights in our expected significant markets, we cannot
ensure that we will be able to initiate or maintain similar efforts in all jurisdictions in which we may wish to market current or future
product candidates or device candidates. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our technology in all
countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our technology in and into those other jurisdictions
where we do not have intellectual property rights. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent
protection to develop such competitors own products and may also export infringing products to territories where we have patent
protection, but where enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our product candidates
or device candidates, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent such competitors
from competing. Accordingly, our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate. In addition,
changes in the law and legal decisions by courts in the United States and foreign countries may affect our ability to obtain and enforce
adequate intellectual property protection for our product candidates, device candidates, services, and technologies. 

We and the companies in which we hold interests
may not identify relevant third-party patents or may incorrectly interpret the relevance, scope or expiration of a third-party patent,
which might adversely affect our ability to develop and market our product candidates. 

We cannot guarantee that any of our or our licensors 
patent searches or analyses, or those of the companies in which we hold interests, including the identification of relevant patents, the
scope of patent claims or the expiration of relevant patents, are complete or thorough, nor can we be certain that we have identified
each and every third-party patent and pending application in the United States and abroad that is relevant to or necessary for the commercialization
of our product candidates or device candidates. For example, U.S. patent applications filed before November 29, 2000 and certain U.S.
patent applications filed after that date that will not be filed outside the United States remain confidential until patents issue. Patent
applications in the United States and elsewhere are published approximately 18 months after the earliest filing for which priority is
claimed, with such earliest filing date being commonly referred to as the priority date. Therefore, patent applications covering our product
candidates or device candidates could have been filed by others without our knowledge. Additionally, pending patent applications that
have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our product candidates, device
candidates, or the use of our products. The scope of a patent claim is determined by an interpretation of the law, the written disclosure
in a patent, and the patent s prosecution history. Our interpretation of the relevance or the scope of a patent or a pending application
may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to market our product candidates or device candidates. We may incorrectly determine
that our product candidates or device candidates are not covered by a third-party patent or may incorrectly predict whether a third party s
pending patent application will issue with claims of relevant scope. Our determination of the expiration date of any patent in the United
States or abroad that we consider relevant may be incorrect, which may negatively impact our ability to develop and market our product
candidates, device candidates, services, and technologies. Our failure to identify and correctly interpret relevant patents may negatively
impact our ability to develop and market our product candidates, device candidates, services, and technologies. 

If we and the companies in which we hold interests
fail to identify and correctly interpret relevant patents, we may be subject to infringement claims. We cannot guarantee that we will
be able to successfully settle or otherwise resolve such infringement claims. If we fail in any such dispute, in addition to being forced
to pay damages, we may be temporarily or permanently prohibited from commercializing any of our product candidates or device candidates
that are held to be infringing. We might, if possible, also be forced to redesign products, product candidates, devices, device candidates,
or services so that we no longer infringe the third-party intellectual property rights. Any of these events, even if we were ultimately
to prevail, could require us and them to divert substantial financial and management resources that we would otherwise be able to devote
to our business. 

Patent terms may be inadequate to protect
our competitive position and that of the companies in which we hold interests on our product candidates or device candidates for an adequate
amount of time. 

Patents have a limited lifespan, and the protection
patents afford is limited. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally
20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. Even if patents covering our product candidates and device candidates are
obtained, once the patent life has expired for patents covering a product or product candidate, a device or a device candidate, we and
the companies in which we hold interests may be subject to competition from competitive products and services. As a result, our patent
portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 

80 

Intellectual property rights do not necessarily
address all potential threats to our business. 

While we and the companies in which we hold interests
seek broad coverage under our existing patent applications, there is always a risk that an alteration to products or processes may provide
sufficient basis for a competitor to avoid infringing our patent claims. In addition, patents, if granted, expire and we cannot provide
any assurance that any potentially issued patents will adequately protect our product candidates or device candidates. Once granted, patents
may remain open to invalidity challenges including opposition, interference, re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, nullification
or derivation action in court or before patent offices or similar proceedings for a given period after allowance or grant, during which
time third parties can raise objections against such grant. In the course of such proceedings, which may continue for a protracted period
of time, the patent owner may be compelled to limit the scope of the allowed or granted claims thus attacked or may lose the allowed or
granted claims altogether. 

In addition, the degree of future protection afforded
by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because even granted intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately
protect our business, provide a lawful barrier to entry against our competitors or potential competitors or permit us to maintain our
competitive advantage. Moreover, if a third party has intellectual property rights that cover the practice of our processes or technologies,
we may not be able to fully exercise or extract value from our intellectual property rights. The following examples are illustrative: 

others may be able to develop and/or practice processes or technologies that are similar to our processes
or technologies or aspects of our processes or technologies, but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or control,
assuming such patents have issued or do issue; 

we or our licensors or any future strategic partners might not have been the first to conceive or reduce
to practice the inventions covered by the issued patents or pending patent applications that we own or have exclusively licensed; 

we or our licensors or any future strategic partners might not have been the first to file patent applications
covering certain of our inventions; 

others may independently develop similar or alternative processes or technologies or duplicate any of
our processes or technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; 

it is possible that our pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents; 

issued patents that we own or have exclusively licensed may not provide us with any competitive advantage,
or may be held invalid or unenforceable, as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; 

our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent
rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 

third parties performing manufacturing or testing for us using our product candidates or device candidates,
including our processes and technologies, could use the intellectual property of others without obtaining a proper license; 

parties may assert an ownership interest in our intellectual property and, if successful, such disputes
may preclude us from exercising exclusive rights over that intellectual property; 

we may not develop or in-license additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

we may not be able to obtain and maintain necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, or at all;
and 

the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 

Should any of these events occur, they could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

81 

We and the companies in which we hold interests
may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information
of their former employers or other third parties. 

We and the companies in which we hold interests
do and may employ individuals who were previously employed at universities or other biopharmaceutical companies, including our licensors,
competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants, and independent contractors do not use
the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, and we are not currently subject to any claims that our employees,
consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties, we may in the future
be subject to such claims. 

Litigation may be necessary to defend against
these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property
rights or personnel. Such intellectual property rights could be awarded to a third party, and we could be required to obtain a license
from such third party to commercialize our processes, technologies, product candidates or device candidates. Such a license may not be
available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result
in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees and could result in customers seeking other sources for the
technologies or processes or ceasing from doing business with us. 

Our intellectual property agreements and
those of the companies in which we hold interests with third parties may be subject to disagreements over contract interpretation, which
could narrow the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology. 

Certain provisions in our intellectual property
agreements and those of the companies in which we hold interests may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any
contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could affect the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology,
or affect financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

In addition, while we typically require our employees,
consultants and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning
such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact conceives or develops
intellectual property that we regard as our own. To the extent that we fail to obtain such assignments, such assignments do not contain
a self-executing assignment of intellectual property rights or such assignment agreements are breached, we may be forced to bring claims
against third parties, or defend claims they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property,
and this may interfere with our ability to capture the commercial value of such intellectual property. If we fail in prosecuting or defending
any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Such intellectual
property rights could be awarded to a third party, and we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to commercialize
our technology or products. Such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we are successful
in prosecuting or defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management and
scientific personnel. Disputes regarding ownership or inventorship of intellectual property can also arise in other contexts, such as
collaborations and sponsored research. We may be subject to claims that former collaborators or other third parties have an ownership
interest in our patents or other intellectual property. If we are subject to a dispute challenging our rights in or to patents or other
intellectual property, such a dispute could be expensive and time-consuming. If we are unsuccessful, we could lose valuable rights in
intellectual property that we regard as our own. 

We and the companies in which we hold interests
may not be successful in obtaining necessary intellectual property rights to future products through acquisitions and in-licenses. 

Although we and the companies in which we hold
interests intend to develop products and technology through our own internal research, we may also seek to acquire or in-license technologies
to grow our product offerings and technology portfolio. However, we may be unable to acquire or in-license intellectual property rights
relating to, or necessary for, any such products or technology from third parties on commercially reasonable terms or at all. In that
event, we may be unable to develop or commercialize such products or technology. We may also be unable to identify products or technology
that we believe are an appropriate strategic fit for our Company and protect intellectual property relating to, or necessary for, such
products and technology. 

82 

The in-licensing and acquisition of third-party
intellectual property rights for product candidates and device candidates is a competitive area, and a number of more established companies
are also pursuing strategies to in-license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights for products that we may consider attractive
or necessary. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources, and greater clinical
development and commercialization capabilities. Furthermore, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign
or license rights to us. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to additional technologies or products, our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects for growth could suffer. 

In addition, we expect that competition for the
in-licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights for products and technologies that are attractive to us may increase
in the future, which may mean fewer suitable opportunities for us as well as higher acquisition or licensing costs. We may be unable to
in-license or acquire the third-party intellectual property rights for products or technology on terms that would allow us to make an
appropriate return on our investment. 

Risks Related to Employee Matters, Managing
Our Growth, and Other Risks Related to Our Business 

Our success is highly dependent on our ability
to attract and retain highly skilled executive officers and employees. 

To succeed, we must recruit, retain, manage, and
motivate qualified clinical, scientific, technical, and management personnel, and we face significant competition for experienced personnel.
We are highly dependent on the principal members of our management and scientific and medical staff. If we do not succeed in attracting
and retaining qualified personnel, particularly at the management level, it could adversely affect our ability to execute our business
plan and harm our operating results. In particular, the loss of one or more of our executive officers could be detrimental to us if we
cannot recruit suitable replacements in a timely manner. The competition for qualified personnel in the biopharmaceutical field is intense
and, as a result, we may be unable to continue to attract and retain qualified personnel necessary for the future success of our business.
We could in the future have difficulty attracting experienced personnel to our company and may be required to expend significant financial
resources in our employee recruitment and retention efforts. 

Many of the other biopharmaceutical companies
that we compete against for qualified personnel have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles, and a longer history
in the industry than we do. They also may provide more diverse opportunities and better prospects for career advancement. Some of these
characteristics may be more appealing to high-quality candidates than what we have to offer. If we are unable to continue to attract and
retain high-quality personnel, the rate and success at which we can discover, develop, and commercialize our product candidates and device
candidates will be limited, and the potential for successfully growing our business will be harmed. 

The requirements of being a public company
may strain our resources, result in more litigation, and divert management s attention. 

As a public company, we are and will continue
to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act, the listing
requirements of Nasdaq, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Complying with these rules and regulations has increased
and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time consuming or costly,
and increase demand on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current
reports with respect to our business and operating results. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective
disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting. We are required to disclose changes made in our internal
controls over financial reporting on a quarterly basis. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures
and internal controls over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required.
As a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could adversely affect our business and
operating results. We may also need to hire additional employees or engage outside consultants to comply with these requirements, which
will increase our costs and expenses. 

In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards
relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance
costs, and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations, and standards are subject to varying interpretations,
in many cases due to their lack of specificity and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is
provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We have invested and intend to continue to invest in resources
to comply with evolving laws, regulations, and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses
and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to
comply with new laws, regulations, and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities
related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be adversely
affected. 

83 

These new rules and regulations may make it more
expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and, during certain periods, including currently, we may utilize alternatives
for such coverage, accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more
difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee and compensation
committee, and qualified executive officers. By disclosing information in filings required of us as a public company, our business and
financial condition will continue to become more visible, which we believe may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by
competitors and other third parties. If those claims are successful, our business could be seriously harmed. Even if the claims do not
result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, the time and resources needed to resolve them could divert our management s resources
and seriously harm our business. 

Public health threats could have an adverse
effect on the Company s operations and financial results. 

In 2020, a strain of novel coronavirus disease,
COVID-19, was declared a pandemic and spread across the world, including throughout the United States, Europe, and Asia. The pandemic
and government measures taken in response had a significant impact, both direct and indirect, on businesses and commerce, as worker shortages
occurred, clinical trials were suspended, supply chains were disrupted, and facilities and production were suspended. 

The impacts on the operations and specifically
the ongoing clinical trials of the Pharmaceutical Companies have been actively managed by respective pharmaceutical management teams who
have worked closely with the appropriate regulatory agencies to continue clinical trial activities with as minimal impact as possible,
including receiving waivers for certain clinical trial activities from the respective regulatory agencies to continue the studies. 

In the earlier days of the pandemic s impact,
Cornerstone experienced certain delays in enrollment in certain clinical trials. We believe, however, that those trials enrollment
goals were ultimately attained in a timely manner. 

Similar impacts could be experienced by Rafael
Medical Devices in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, subsequent variants or comparable public health emergencies. 

We have implemented a number of measures to protect
the health and safety of our workforce, including a mandatory work-from-home policy for our workforce who can perform their jobs from
home as well as restrictions on business travel and workplace and in-person meetings. We will maintain these as necessary and appropriate
in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, subsequent variants or comparable public health emergencies. 

As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, subsequent
variants or comparable public health emergencies, we and the Pharmaceutical Companies and Rafael Medical Devices may experience further
disruptions that could severely impact our or their business, preclinical studies, and clinical trials, including: 

difficulties or delays in initiating, enrolling, conducting or completing any planned and ongoing nonclinical
and preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

delays in receiving approval from regulatory authorities to initiate the Pharmaceutical Companies 
and Rafael Medical Devices planned clinical trials; 

delays or difficulties in enrolling patients in the Pharmaceutical Companies and Rafael Medical Devices clinical trials; 

limits or halts imposed on clinical trials and clinical trial sites, including hospitals and medical centers,
among others; 

delays or difficulties in clinical site initiation, including difficulties in recruiting clinical site
investigators and clinical site staff; 

diversion of healthcare resources away from the conduct of the Pharmaceutical Companies and Rafael
Medical Devices clinical trials, including the diversion of hospitals serving as clinical trial sites and hospital staff supporting
the conduct of clinical trials; 

risk that participants enrolled in clinical trials or staff involved in or related to clinical trials
will acquire COVID-19 or subsequent variants while the clinical trial is ongoing, which could impact the duration and results of the clinical
trial, including by increasing the number of observed adverse events; 

84 

interruption of key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site data monitoring, due to limitations
on travel imposed or recommended by federal or state governments, employers and others or interruption of clinical trial subject visits
and study procedures (such as endoscopies that are deemed non-essential), which may impact the integrity of subject data and clinical
study endpoints; 

prolonged government shutdowns or global health concerns preventing the FDA or other regulatory authorities
from conducting their regular inspections, reviews or other regulatory activities; 

interruption or delays in the operations of the FDA, which may impact review and approval timelines; 

interruption of, or delays in receiving, supplies of the Pharmaceutical Companies product candidates
and Rafael Medical Devices device candidates from their contract manufacturing organizations due to staffing or supply shortages,
production slowdowns, global shipping delays or stoppages and disruptions in delivery systems; 

limitations on employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of the Pharmaceutical
Companies and Rafael Medical Devices preclinical studies and clinical trials, including because of sickness of employees
or their families or the desire of employees to avoid contact with large groups of people; 

refusal of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to accept data from clinical trials in
affected geographies; 

impacts from prolonged remote work arrangements, such as increased cybersecurity risks and strains on
our, the Pharmaceutical Companies and Rafael Medical Devices business continuity plans; and 

delays or difficulties with equity offerings due to disruptions and uncertainties in the securities market. 

Any inability by the Pharmaceutical Companies
or Rafael Medical Devices to successfully initiate or complete nonclinical and preclinical studies or clinical trials could result in
additional costs or impair our ability to generate revenue from future product sales of any product candidates or device candidates that
were thought to be on track to receive regulatory approval or clearance. 

The COVID-19 pandemic, subsequent variants or
comparable public health emergencies could also negatively impact our real estate business in a number of ways, including: 

the financial condition of our tenants and their ability or willingness to pay rent in full on a timely basis; 

the impact on rents and demand for office and retail space; 

a complete or partial closure of operations resulting from government action; 

the impact of new regulations or norms on physical space needs and expectations; 

the effectiveness of governmental measures aimed at slowing and containing the spread; 

the extent and terms associated with governmental relief programs; 

the ability of debt and equity markets to function and provide liquidity; 

the ability to avoid delays or cost increases associated with building materials or construction services necessary for development,
redevelopment and tenant improvements; and 

our tenants ability to ensure business continuity in the event a continuity of operations plan is not effective or improperly
implemented. 

Due to both known and unknown risks, including
quarantines, closures, and other restrictions resulting from COVID-19, subsequent variants or comparable public health emergencies, our
operations and those of the companies in which we have interests may be adversely impacted. Additionally, as there is an evolving nature
to the COVID-19 situation, we cannot reasonably assess or predict at this time the full extent of the negative impact that the COVID-19
pandemic, a subsequent variant or comparable public health emergencies may have on our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows. The impact will depend on future developments, such as the ultimate duration and the severity of the spread in the U.S.
and globally of the COVID-19 pandemic, any subsequent variant or comparable public health emergencies, the effectiveness of federal, state,
local, and foreign government actions on mitigation and spread of COVID-19, a subsequent variant or comparable public health emergencies,
the pandemic s impact on the U.S. and global economies, changes in our, the Pharmaceutical Companies and Rafael Medical Devices 
customers behavior emanating from the pandemic, a subsequent variant or comparable public health emergencies and how quickly we,
the Pharmaceutical Companies and Rafael Medical Devices can resume our and their normal operations, among others. For all these reasons,
we, the Pharmaceutical Companies and Rafael Medical Devices may incur expenses or delays relating to
such events outside of our control, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

85 

If we fail to implement and maintain an
effective system of internal controls, we may be unable to accurately report our results of operations, meet our reporting obligations
or prevent fraud. As a result, stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business
and the trading price of our common stock. 

Effective internal controls over financial reporting
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed
to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could
cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, or Section 404, or any subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in
our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive
changes to our financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal controls could also
cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our
stock. 

We are required to disclose changes made in our internal controls and
procedures on a quarterly basis and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses in those internal controls. A material weakness is
a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. 

We cannot be certain that we will continue to
maintain an effective system of internal controls over our financial reporting in future periods. Any failure to maintain such internal
controls could adversely impact our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements
are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed
on a timely basis as required by the Securities and Exchange Commission and The New York Stock Exchange, we could face severe consequences
from those authorities. In either case, there could result a material adverse effect on our business. Inferior internal controls could
also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price
of our stock. 

We have identified material weaknesses in
our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Maintaining effective internal controls over financial
reporting is necessary for us to produce reliable financial statements. 

In the past, we have identified material weaknesses
in our internal controls over financial reporting which have since been remediated. 

If additional material weaknesses in our internal
controls over financial reporting are discovered or occur in the future, our consolidated financial statements may contain material misstatements
and we could be required to restate our financial results. 

Conditions in Israel, including the ongoing
war between Israel and Hamas, and other conflicts in the region, may adversely affect our real estate holding and operations of our Portfolio
Companies, which would lead to a decrease in revenues. 

In October 2023, Hamas terrorists infiltrated
Israel s southern border from the Gaza Strip and conducted a series of attacks on civilian and military targets. Hamas also launched
extensive rocket attacks on Israeli population and industrial centers located along Israel s border with the Gaza Strip and in other
areas within the State of Israel. These attacks resulted in extensive deaths, injuries and kidnapping of civilians and soldiers, as well
as evacuations of tens of thousands of civilians from their homes. Following the attack, Israel s security cabinet declared war
against Hamas and a military campaign against these terrorist organizations commenced in parallel to their continued rocket and terror
attacks. Furthermore, hostilities along Israel s northern border with Hezbollah located in Lebanon and Iran have accelerated, and
each of these clashes may escalate in the future into a greater regional conflict. 

The intensity and duration of Israel s current
war against Hamas is difficult to predict, as are such war s economic implications on our business and operations and on Israel s
economy in general. These events may be intertwined with wider macroeconomic indications of a deterioration of Israel s economic
standing, for instance, a downgrade in Israel s credit rating by rating agencies (such as the recent downgrade by Moody s
of its credit rating of Israel from A1 to A2, as well as the downgrade of its outlook rating from stable to negative 
and the S P Global lowered its long-term credit rating from AA- to A+, as well as a downgrade of its short-term credit ratings from
A-1+ to A-1, with an outlook on the long-term ratings negative , as well as the recent downgrade by Fitch Ratings of its
credit rating of Israel from A+ to A, with an outlook rating of negative ). which may have a material adverse effect on our
company and our ability to effectively conduct its operations. 

86 

Our real estate holding in Jerusalem and operations
of LipoMedix and Day Three in Jerusalem and Rosh Haayin, respectively, are not only within the range of rockets from the Gaza Strip,
but also within the range of rockets that can be fired from Lebanon, Syria or elsewhere in the Middle East. Our lone real estate holding
can be damaged as a result of hostile action or hostilities or the ongoing operations of LipoMedix and Day Three may be disrupted. 

Our commercial insurance does not cover losses
that may occur as a result of events associated with war and terrorism. Although the Israeli government currently covers the reinstatement
value of direct damages that are caused by terrorist attacks or acts of war, we cannot assure you that this government coverage will
be maintained or that it will sufficiently cover our potential damages. Any losses or damages incurred by us could have a material adverse
effect on our business. 

As a result of the Israeli security cabinet s
decision to declare war against Hamas, several hundred thousand Israeli reservists were drafted to perform immediate military service.
Certain of our employees and consultants in Israel, in addition to employees of our service providers located in Israel, have been called
for service in the current war with Hamas as of the date of this annual report, and such persons are expected may be absent for an extended
period of time. As a result, operations of LipoMedix and Day Three may be disrupted by such absences, which may materially and adversely
affect their business and results of operations. 

The relationships between Howard S. Jonas
and IDT Corporation, and Genie Energy could conflict with our stockholders interests. 

Howard S. Jonas, Chairman of our Board of Directors
and Executive Chairman and former Chief Executive Officer, is also the chairman of IDT Corporation and Chairman of the Board of Genie.
These relationships may cause a conflict of interest with our stockholders. 

Insurance policies are expensive and protect
us only from some business risks, which leaves us exposed to uninsured liabilities. 

Some of the insurance policies we currently maintain,
or which we have maintained in the past, include general liability, employment practices liability, property, product liability, workers 
compensation, umbrella, and directors and officers insurance. These policies may not adequately cover all categories of
risk that our business may encounter. 

Any additional product liability insurance coverage
we acquire in the future may not be sufficient to reimburse us for any expenses or losses we may suffer. Moreover, insurance coverage
is becoming increasingly expensive and, in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient
amounts to protect us against losses due to liability. If we obtain regulatory approval or clearance for any of the Portfolio Companies 
product candidates or device candidates, we intend to acquire insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products; however,
we may be unable to obtain product liability insurance on commercially reasonable terms or in adequate amounts. A successful product
liability claim or series of claims brought against us could cause our share price to decline and, if judgments exceed our insurance
coverage, could adversely affect our results of operations and business, including preventing or limiting the development and commercialization
of any product candidates or device candidates we develop. We may not carry adequate specific biological or hazardous waste insurance
coverage, and our property, casualty, and general liability insurance policies specifically exclude coverage for damages and fines arising
from biological or hazardous waste exposure or contamination. Accordingly, in the event of contamination or injury, we could be held
liable for damages or be penalized with fines in an amount exceeding our resources, and our clinical trials or regulatory approvals and
clearances, if any, could be suspended or withdrawn. 

We also expect that operating as a public company
will make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and, during certain periods,
including currently, we may utilize alternatives for such coverage, accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially
higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified people
to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. We do not know, however, if we will be able to maintain
existing insurance with adequate levels of coverage. Any significant uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts, which
would adversely affect our cash position and results of operations. 

87 

We rely significantly on information technology
and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including any cybersecurity incidents, could harm our
ability to operate our business and that of the companies in which we hold interests effectively. 

We and the Portfolio Companies and our and their
other third-party vendors and collaborators receive, collect, process, use and store a large amount of information, including personal
information, intellectual property, protected health and other sensitive and confidential information. This data is often accessed through
transmissions over public and private networks, including the internet. The secure transmission of such information over the internet
and other mechanisms is essential to maintain confidence in our and their information technology systems yet is vulnerable to unauthorized
access and disclosure. We have implemented security measures, technical controls and contractual precautions designed to identify, detect
and prevent unauthorized access, alteration, use or disclosure of data. We may face increased cybersecurity risks due to our reliance
on internet technology and the number of employees who are working remotely, which may create additional opportunities to exploit vulnerabilities.
Beyond external activity, systems that access or control access to services and databases may be compromised as a result of human error,
fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties, or may result from accidental technological failure. Because the techniques
used to circumvent security systems can be highly sophisticated and change frequently, often are not recognized until launched against
a target, and may originate from less regulated and remote areas around the world, we may be unable to proactively address all possible
threats or implement adequate preventive measures for all situations. 

Despite the implementation of security measures,
our and the Portfolio Companies internal computer systems and those of other third parties with which we and the Portfolio Companies
collaborate and contract are vulnerable to attempted breaches of security, unauthorized disclosure of information, attacks which reduce
availability of systems such as denial of service, damage from cyber-attacks, computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters,
terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, and the perception that personal and/or other sensitive or confidential information
in our possession is not secure. System failures, accidents or security breaches could cause interruptions in our and the Portfolio Companies 
operations and could result in a material disruption of our and their clinical and commercialization activities and business operations,
in addition to possibly requiring substantial expenditures of resources to remedy. The loss of clinical trial data could result in delays
in the Portfolio Companies regulatory approval and clearance efforts and significantly increase their costs to recover or reproduce
the data and pursue regulatory approval or clearance. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of,
or damage to, our or the Portfolio Companies data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary
information, we and the Portfolio Companies could incur substantial legal liability or significant harm to our reputation, and our and
their product research, development, and commercialization efforts could be delayed. 

We face risks related to the protection of information
that we maintain or for which a third-party engaged to maintain information security on our behalf including unauthorized
access, acquisition, use, disclosure, or modification of such information. Cyberattacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication
and intensity and have become increasingly difficult to detect and respond to. Cyberattacks could include the deployment of harmful malware,
ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality,
integrity and availability of information. The techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for
periods of time, and we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. A material cyberattack
or security incident could cause interruptions in our or their operations and could result in a material disruption of our or their business
operations, damage to our or their reputation, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

Furthermore, we, the Portfolio Companies and
our third-party providers and business partners rely on electronic communications and information systems to conduct our operations.
We and our third-party providers have been, and may continue to be, targeted by parties using fraudulent e-mails and other communications
in attempts to misappropriate bank accounting information, passwords, or other personal information or to introduce viruses or other
malware to our information systems. In October 2021, we experienced a cybersecurity incident where a related party s email was
hacked which led to payment of two invoices. As of the date of this filing, one of the invoice payments had been recovered by the Company.
We continue to explore a range of steps to enhance our security protections and prevent future unauthorized activity. 

88 

Although we endeavor to mitigate these threats,
such cyber-attacks against us, the Portfolio Companies or our third-party providers and business partners remain a serious issue. The
pervasiveness of cybersecurity incidents in general and the risks of cyber-crime are complex and continue to evolve. Although we are
making significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our information systems and are exploring various measures to manage
the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that
attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. 

Our insurance policies may not be adequate to
compensate us for the potential losses arising from any such disruption, failure or security breach. In addition, such insurance may
not be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Further, our insurance may not cover all claims made
against us and could have high deductibles in any event, and defending a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly and divert management
attention. 

Risks Related to the Merger with Cyclo 

The Exchange Ratio used in the Merger will
be determined in accordance with a formula and is not yet knowable. The actual Exchange Ratio could be materially different than currently
anticipated. 

At the First Effective Time (as defined in the
Notes to the consolidated financial statements), outstanding shares of Cyclo Common Stock will be automatically cancelled and retired
and cease to exist, and will entitle a holder of shares of Cyclo common stock to receive shares of our Class B Common Stock in exchange
for the holder s Cyclo Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio. The Merger Agreement contains an illustration of the calculation
of the Exchange Ratio based on the assumptions described therein. Those assumptions will likely not reflect the actual metrics as of the
Closing. The actual Exchange Ratio will be based upon a price for Cyclo common stock of .95 per share and the sum of (i) our cash, cash
equivalents and marketable securities as of the Closing Date, (ii) certain other of our assets and (iii) the amounts loaned by us to Cyclo
prior to closing of the Merger, less our current liabilities, divided by the total number of shares of our capital stock outstanding as
of the Closing Date, including any shares issuable upon exercise or conversion of our outstanding securities with exercise or conversion
prices not exceeding 150 of the then-current market price of our Class B Common Stock issued to Cyclo stockholders. Accordingly, the
Exchange Ratio could be significantly higher or lower than in the illustration provided. This will impact the value of the deal to the
Cyclo stockholders and the number of shares of our Class B Common Stock to be issued to the Cyclo stockholders. 

Uncertainty about the Merger may adversely
affect our business and stock price whether or not the Merger is completed. 

We are subject to risks
in connection with the announcement and pendency of the Merger, including the pendency and outcome of any legal proceedings against us,
our directors and others relating to the Merger and the risks from possibly foregoing opportunities we might otherwise pursue absent
the proposed Merger. 

In addition, in response to the announcement
of the proposed Merger, our existing or prospective suppliers or collaboration partners may: 

delay,
 defer or cease providing goods or services to us; 

delay
 or defer other decisions concerning us, or refuse to extend credit terms to us; 

cease
 further joint development activities; or 

otherwise
 seek to change the terms on which they do business with us. 

89 

While we are attempting
to address these risks, our existing and prospective customers, suppliers or collaboration partners may be reluctant to purchase our
products, supply us with goods and services or continue collaborations due to the potential uncertainty about the direction of our product
offerings and the support and service of our products after the completion of the Merger. 

While the Merger is pending, we are subject
to contractual restrictions that could harm our business, operating results, and stock price. 

The Merger Agreement includes restrictions on
our conduct prior to the completion of the Merger, generally requiring us to conduct our businesses in the ordinary course, consistent
with past practice, and restricting us from taking certain specified actions absent prior written consent from the other party. We may
find that these and other obligations in the Merger Agreement may delay or prevent us from or limit our ability to respond effectively
to competitive pressures, industry developments and future business opportunities that may arise during such period, even if our management
or Board think they may be advisable. The Merger Agreement also contains restrictions on the conduct of our business prior to the completion
of the Merger, prohibiting our ability to acquire another business or restructure, reorganize or completely or partially liquidate absent
the other s prior written consent. These restrictions could adversely impact our business, operating results and stock price and
the perceived acquisition value, regardless of whether the Merger is completed. 

The Merger will involve substantial costs. 

We have incurred and expect
to continue to incur substantial costs and expenses relating to the Merger and the issuance of our Class B common stock in connection
with the Merger, including, as applicable, fees and expenses payable to financial advisors, other professional fees and expenses, insurance
premium costs, SEC filing fees, printing and mailing costs and other transaction-related costs, fees and expenses. We may also incur
significant costs relating to the acquisition of Cyclo, including the payment to certain holders of Cyclo s warrants who have the right
to elect to receive cash payment as a result of the Merger as well as ongoing liabilities of Cyclo that remain in the business after
the Merger is completed. We continue to assess the magnitude of these costs, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in connection
with the Merger. In addition, if the Merger is not completed, we will have incurred substantial expenses for which no ultimate benefit
will have been received by either company. 

We will incur significant transaction and
Merger-related transaction costs in connection with the Merger. 

We expect that we will incur
significant, non-recurring and operating costs in connection with consummating the Merger and funding the operations of Cyclo during
the pendency of the Merger and post-closing. We will also incur additional costs to retain key employees of Cyclo under employee agreements
with the merged company. We will also incur significant fees and expenses relating to legal services (including any costs that would
be incurred in defending against any potential class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits in connection with the Merger if any such
proceedings are brought), accounting and other fees and costs associated with consummating the Merger. We will also incur costs in connection
with the payment to certain holders of Cyclo Warrants as a result of the Merger. Some of these costs are payable regardless of whether
the Merger is completed. We continue to assess the magnitude of these costs, additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the Merger
and the operation of the business of Cyclo following the Merger. 

We or Cyclo may waive one or more of the
closing conditions to the Merger without re-soliciting approval from our respective stockholders. 

To the extent permitted
by law, we or Cyclo may determine to waive, in whole or part, one or more of the conditions to our or their respective obligations to
consummate the Merger. We and Cyclo expect to evaluate the materiality of any waiver and its effect on Cyclo or our stockholders in light
of the facts and circumstances at the time to determine whether any amendment the Registration Statement or any re-solicitation of proxies
is required in light of such waiver. Any determination as to whether to waive any condition to the consummation of the Merger, and as
to whether to re-solicit the stockholders approval as a result of such waiver, will be made by us and Cyclo at the time of such
waiver based on the facts and circumstances as they exist at that time. 

90 

We may be targets of securities class action
and derivative lawsuits which could result in substantial costs and may delay or prevent the Merger from being completed. 

Securities class action
lawsuits and derivative lawsuits are often brought against public companies that have entered into merger agreements. Even if the lawsuits
are without merit, defending against these claims could result in substantial costs and divert management time and resources. An adverse
judgment could result in monetary damages, which could have a negative impact on our liquidity and financial condition. Additionally,
if a plaintiff is successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting completion of the Merger, then that injunction may delay or prevent
the Merger from being completed, or from being completed within the expected timeframe, which may adversely affect our business, financial
position and results of operations. 

Changes in the market prices of our Class B
Common Stock may result from a variety of factors that are beyond our control. 

The market value of our Class B
Common Stock has fluctuated since the date of the announcement of the Merger and will continue to fluctuate to the Closing Date and following
the completion of the Merger. The market value of our Class B Common Stock at the time of the closing of the Merger may vary significantly
from the price of our Class B Common Stock on the date of the Merger Agreement, the date of the Registration Statement or the date of
our Special Meeting. Changes in the market prices of our Class B Common Stock may result from a variety of factors that are beyond
our control, including changes in our business, operations and prospects, general market conditions, regulatory considerations, governmental
actions, and legal proceedings and developments. 

We may not realize the anticipated benefits
and cost savings of the Merger. 

While we will continue to
operate independently following the completion of the merger, the success of the merger will depend, in part, on our ability to realize
the anticipated benefits and cost savings from Cyclo s businesses as a wholly owned subsidiary of ours following the Merger. Our
ability to realize these anticipated benefits and cost savings is subject to certain risks, including, among others: 

our ability to successfully operate the businesses following
the closing of the Merger; 

the risk that our businesses will not perform as expected; 

the extent to which we will be able to realize the expected
synergies, which include realizing potential savings from eliminating duplication and redundancy in overhead, adopting an optimized operating
model between our company and Cyclo s company and leveraging scale, our funding the merged company following the completion of the Merger,
and creating value resulting from the Merger; 

the reduction of cash available for operations and other
uses by us; 

the possibility of costly litigation challenging the Merger. 

If we are not able to successfully
integrate their businesses within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated cost savings and other benefits of the Merger
may not be realized fully or may take longer to realize than expected, and we may not perform as expected. 

91 

Failure to complete the Merger could negatively
impact our stock price and our future business and financial results. 

Our obligations to complete
the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of a number of conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement. There can be no assurance
that the conditions to completion of the Merger will be satisfied or waived or that the Merger will be completed. If the Merger is not
completed for any reason, our ongoing business may be materially and adversely affected and, without realizing any of the benefits of
having completed the Merger, we would be subject to a number of risks, including the following: 

We may experience negative reactions from the financial markets,
including negative impacts on trading prices of our Class B Common Stock and from our customers, vendors, regulators and employees; 

We may be required to pay certain expenses incurred in connection
with the Merger, whether or not the Merger is completed including the payment of up to 250,000 of expenses of the other party in certain
circumstances involving a breach of the representations, warranties and covenants in the Merger Agreement; 

the Merger Agreement places certain restrictions on the operation
of our business prior to the closing of the Merger, and such restrictions, the waiver of which is subject to the consent of Cyclo, may
prevent us from making certain acquisitions, taking certain other specified actions or otherwise pursuing business opportunities during
the pendency of the Merger that we would have made, taken or pursued if these restrictions were not in place; and 

matters relating to the Merger will require substantial commitments
of time and resources by our management and the expenditure of significant funds in the form of fees and expenses, which would otherwise
have been devoted to day-to-day operations and other opportunities that may have been beneficial to us. 

In addition, we could be subject
to litigation related to any failure to complete the Merger or related to any proceeding to specifically enforce our obligations under
the Merger Agreement. If any of these risks materialize, they may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
financial results and stock prices. 

Third parties may terminate or alter existing
contracts or relationships with us. 

We have contracts with customers,
vendors and other business partners which may require us, as applicable to obtain consents from these other parties in connection with
the Merger. If these consents cannot be obtained, the counterparties to these contracts and other third parties with which we currently
have relationships may have the ability to terminate, reduce the scope of or otherwise materially adversely alter their relationships
with us in anticipation of the Merger, or with us following the Merger. The pursuit of such rights may result in our suffering additional
losses, a loss of potential future revenue, incurring liabilities in connection with a breach of such agreements or losing rights that
are material to our business. Any such disruptions could limit our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Merger. The adverse
affect of such disruptions could also be exacerbated by a delay in the completion of the Merger or the termination of the Merger. 

92 

The NYSE may not list our shares of Class
B Common Stock, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in the shares of our Class B Common Stock and subject our Class
B Common Stock to additional trading restrictions. 

In connection with the Merger,
in order to continue to maintain the listing of our Class B Common Stock on the NYSE, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with
the NYSE s listing requirements. We will use reasonable best efforts to cause the shares of our Class B Common Stock issuable, and required
to be reserved for issuance, in connection with the Merger to be approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance,
prior to the Closing. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to meet all listing requirements. Even if the shares of our Class
B Common Stock are listed on the NYSE, we may be unable to maintain the listing of our securities in the future. 

If we fail to meet the listing
requirements and the NYSE does not list our securities on its exchange, Cyclo would not be required to consummate the Merger. In the
event that Cyclo elected to waive this condition, and the Merger was consummated without our securities being listed on the NYSE or on
another national securities exchange, we would face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our Class
B Common Stock; 

reduced liquidity for our Class B Common Stock; 

a determination that the shares of our Class B Common Stock
are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class B Common Stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly
result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our Class B Common Stock; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and; 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain
additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets
Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or pre-empts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities,
which are referred to as covered securities If the shares of our Class B Common Stock are not listed on the NYSE, such securities
would not qualify as covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities because
states are not pre-empted from regulating the sale of securities that are not covered securities. 

Risks Related to Ownership of our Common
Stock 

We do not currently intend to pay dividends
on our common stock and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation of the value of
our common stock. 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our equity securities. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of
our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will
therefore be limited to any appreciation in the value of our common stock, which is not certain. 

93 

We are controlled by our principal stockholder,
which limits the ability of other stockholders to affect the management of the Company. 

Howard S. Jonas, our Chairman of our Board of
Directors and our Executive Chairman, controls a majority of the voting power of our capital stock. As of October 29, 2024, Mr. Jonas
has voting power over 787,163 shares of our Class A common stock (which are convertible into shares of our Class B common stock on a 1-for-1
basis) and 821,374 shares of our Class B common stock, representing approximately 51 of the combined voting power of our outstanding
capital stock. Mr. Jonas will be able to control matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of all of the
directors and the approval of significant corporate matters, including any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of
our assets. As a result, the ability of any of our other stockholders to influence our management is limited. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock
in the public market could cause our stock price to fall. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the
public market, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares of common stock intend to sell shares, could
reduce the market price of our common stock. Outstanding shares of our common stock may be freely sold in the public market at any time
to the extent permitted by Rules 144 and 701 under the Securities Act, or to the extent that such shares have already been registered
under the Securities Act and are held by non-affiliates of ours. Moreover, holders of a substantial number of shares of our common stock
have rights, subject to certain conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares
in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. We also have registered all shares of common stock that
we may issue under our equity compensation plans or that are issuable upon exercise of outstanding options. These shares can be freely
sold in the public market upon issuance, and once vested, subject to volume limitations applicable to affiliates. If any of these additional
shares are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold, in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decline. 

We are a smaller reporting company, and the reduced
disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are considered a smaller reporting
company. We are therefore entitled to rely on certain reduced disclosure requirements, such as an exemption from providing selected
financial data and executive compensation information. These exemptions and reduced disclosures in our SEC filings due to our status
as a smaller reporting company may make it harder for investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects. We cannot
predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common
stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock prices may be more volatile. 

94 

General Risk Factors 

If we engage in future acquisitions or
strategic collaborations, this may increase our capital requirements, dilute our stockholders, cause us to incur debt or assume contingent
liabilities, and subject us to other risks. 

From time to time, we may evaluate various acquisition
opportunities and strategic collaborations, including licensing or acquiring complementary products, intellectual property rights, technologies
or businesses. Any potential acquisition or strategic partnership may entail numerous risks, including: 

increased operating expenses and
 cash requirements; 

the assumption of additional indebtedness
 or contingent liabilities; 

the issuance of our equity securities; 

assimilation of operations, intellectual
 property and products of an acquired company, including difficulties associated with integrating
 new personnel; 

the diversion of our management s
 attention from our existing programs and initiatives in pursuing such a strategic merger
 or acquisition; 

retention of key employees, the
 loss of key personnel and uncertainties in our ability to maintain key business relationships; 

risks and uncertainties associated
 with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects of that party and their
 existing products or product candidates, devices or device candidates, and any regulatory
 approvals or clearances; and 

assumption of the regulatory risks,
 costs, and responsibilities associated with the other party s existing products or
 product candidates, devices or device candidates, and any regulatory approvals or clearances; 

our inability to generate revenue
 from acquired technology and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives in undertaking
 the acquisition or even to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance costs. In addition,
 if we undertake acquisitions or pursue collaborations in the future, we may issue dilutive
 securities, assume or incur debt obligations, incur large one-time expenses and acquire intangible
 assets that could result in significant future amortization expense. Moreover, we may not
 be able to locate suitable acquisition opportunities, and this inability could impair our
 ability to grow or obtain access to technology or products that may be important to the development
 of our business. 

95 

Investors may suffer dilution. 

We may engage in equity financing to fund our
future operations and growth or issue equity securities in commercial or other transactions. If we raise additional funds by issuing
equity securities, or issue equity securities for other purposes, stockholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership
interest (both with respect to the percentage of total securities held, and with respect to the book value of their securities) and such
securities may have rights senior to those of the holders of our common stock. In addition. if we do not provide our Portfolio Companies
with the capital they require, they may seek capital from other sources, which would result in dilution and possible subordination or
other diminution in value of our interests in those companies. 

The trading price of the shares of our
Class B common stock is likely to remain volatile, and purchasers of our Class B common stock could incur substantial losses. 

Our stock price is likely to remain volatile.
The stock market in general and the market for the Portfolio Companies in particular have experienced extreme volatility that has often
been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result of this volatility, investors may not be able to sell
their Class B common stock at or above the price paid for the shares. The market price for our Class B common stock may be influenced
by many factors, including: 

actual or anticipated variations
 in quarterly operating results; 

changes in financial estimates by
 us or by any securities analysts who might cover our stock; 

conditions or trends in our industry; 

stock market price and volume fluctuations
 of other publicly traded companies and, in particular, those that operate in the real estate
 or healthcare industries; 

announcements by us or our competitors
 of preliminary or interim data from or the results of clinical trials, new product or service
 offerings, or significant acquisitions; 

strategic collaborations or divestitures; 

announcements of investigations
 or regulatory scrutiny of our operations or lawsuits filed against us; 

capital commitments; 

additions or departures of key personnel;
 and 

sales of our common stock, including
 sales by our directors and officers or specific stockholders. In addition, in the past, stockholders
 have initiated class action lawsuits against companies following periods of volatility in
 the market prices of these companies stock. Such litigation, if instituted against
 us, could cause us to incur substantial costs and divert management s attention and
 resources 

The realization of any of the above risks or
any of a broad range of other risks, including those described in this Risk Factors section, could have a dramatic and
adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. 

96 

If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research or publish unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock will
rely in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts may publish about us and our business. We do not currently have
analyst coverage and may never obtain research coverage by equity research analysts. Equity research analysts may elect not to provide
research coverage of our common stock and such lack of research coverage may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In
the event we do have equity research analyst coverage, we will not have any control over the analysts or the content and opinions included
in their reports. The price of our stock could decline if one or more equity research analysts or others downgrade our stock or issue
other unfavorable commentary or research. If one or more equity research analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish
reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

We may be subject to securities litigation,
which is expensive and could divert management attention. 

The market price of our common stock may be volatile
and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class
action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial
costs and divert our management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 1C. Cybersecurity 

Cybersecurity risk management and strategy 

Our cybersecurity risk management is based on
recognized cybersecurity industry frameworks and standards, including those of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the
Center for Internet Security Controls, and the International Organization for Standardization. We use these frameworks, together with
information collected from internal assessments, to develop policies for the use of our information assets (for example, TI business
information and information resources such as mobile phones, computers and workstations), access to specific intellectual property or
technologies, and protection of personal information. We protect these information assets through industry-standard techniques, such
as multifactor authentication and malware defenses. We also work with internal stakeholders across the company to integrate foundational
cybersecurity principles throughout our organization s operations, including the employment of multiple layers of cybersecurity
defenses, restricted access based on business needs, and integrity of our business information. Throughout the year, we also regularly
train our employees on cybersecurity awareness, confidential information protection and simulated phishing attacks. 

97 

Our cybersecurity risk management extends to
risks associated with our use of third-party service providers. For instance, we conduct risk and compliance assessments of third-party
service providers that request access to our information assets. 

Our cybersecurity risk management is an important
part of our comprehensive business continuity program and enterprise risk management. Our global information security team periodically
engages with a cross-functional group of subject matter experts and leaders to assess and refine our cybersecurity risk posture and preparedness.
For example, we regularly evaluate and update contingency strategies for our business in the event that a portion of our information
resources were to be unavailable due to a cybersecurity incident. We practice our response to potential cybersecurity incidents through
regular tabletop exercises, threat hunting and red team exercises. 

Governance of cybersecurity risk management 

The board of directors, as a whole, has
oversight responsibility for our strategic and operational risks. The audit committee assists the board of directors with this responsibility
by reviewing and discussing our risk assessment and risk management practices, including cybersecurity risks, with members of management.
The audit committee, in turn, periodically reports on its review with the board of directors. 

Management is responsible for day-to-day assessment
and management of cybersecurity risks and reports regularly to the audit committee. 

Item 2. Properties 

Our principal executive office is located in
520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey. 

LipoMedix has a Research and Services Agreement
with Shaare Zedek Scientific Ltd. by which laboratory space at Shaare Zedek Medical Center is used for R D activities. This agreement
is conditioned to grant support for the Shaare Zedek Nano-Oncology research center either directly from LipoMedix or indirectly through
the Israel Innovation Authority Fund (Israel Chief Scientist Office). This arrangement has been in place since 2012, and the grant support
is negotiable and renewed on an annual basis. However, there can be no guarantees that Shaare Zedek will continue this agreement in the
future. 

See Item 1 Real Estate for
a discussion of properties held by the Company for investment purposes for a detailed listing of such facilities. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Legal proceedings disclosure is presented in
Note 21 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 to Part II of this Annual Report. 

The Company may from time to time be subject
to legal proceedings that may arise in the ordinary course of business. Although there can be no assurance in this regard, other than
noted above, the Company does not expect any of those legal proceedings to have a material adverse effect on the Company s results
of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

98 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

PRICE RANGE OF COMMON STOCK 

Our Class B common stock trades on the New York
Stock Exchange under the symbol RFL. Trading commenced on the NYSE American on March 27, 2018 and on the New York Stock
Exchange on November 21, 2019. 

On November 5, 2024, there were 249 holders of
record of our Class B common stock and one holder of record of our Class A common stock. Howard Jonas has voting and dispositive power
over all shares of Class A common stock. The number of holders of record of our Class B common stock does not include the number of persons
whose shares are in nominee or in street name accounts through brokers. On November 5, 2024, the last sales price reported
on the NYSE for the Class B common stock was 1.81 per share. 

We do not anticipate paying dividends on our
common stock unless and until we achieve sustainable profitability (after satisfying all of our operational needs) and retain certain
minimum cash reserves. Distributions will be subject to the need to retain earnings for investment in growth opportunities or the acquisition
of complementary assets. The payment of dividends in any specific period will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. 

The information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation
S-K will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which we will file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2024, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Performance Graph of Stock 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

Issuer Repurchases of
Equity Securities 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

99 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risks 

FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK 

Revenue from tenants located in Israel represented
44 and 53 of our consolidated revenues, inclusive of revenue from discontinued operations, for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. The entirety of these revenues is in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Our foreign currency exchange risk is somewhat
mitigated by our ability to offset a portion of these non-U.S. Dollar-denominated revenues with operating expenses that are paid in the
same currencies. While the impact from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates affects our revenues and expenses denominated in foreign
currencies, the net amount of our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate changes at the end of each reporting period is generally
not material. 

INVESTMENT RISK 

In addition to, but separate from our primary
business, we will hold a portion of our assets in hedge funds. Investments in hedge funds carry a degree of risk and depend to a great
extent on correct assessments of the future course of price movements of securities and other instruments. There can be no assurance
that our investment managers will be able to accurately predict these price movements. The securities markets have in recent years been
characterized by great volatility and unpredictability. Our passive interests in other entities are not currently liquid and we cannot
assure that we will be able to liquidate them when we desire, or ever. Accordingly, the value of our investments may go down as well
as up and we may not receive the amounts originally invested upon redemption. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements
that contain the words believes, anticipates, expects, plans, intends 
and similar words and phrases. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from the results projected in any forward-looking statement. In addition to the factors specifically noted in the
forward-looking statements, other important factors, risks and uncertainties that could result in those differences include, but are
not limited to, those discussed under Item 1A to Part I Risk Factors in this Annual Report. The forward-looking statements
are made as of the date of this Annual Report, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the
reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Investors should consult all of the information
set forth in this report and the other information set forth from time to time in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 

Overview 

Rafael Holdings, Inc. Rafael Holdings ,
 Rafael , we or the Company is a holding company with interests in clinical and early-stage pharmaceutical
companies (the Pharmaceutical Companies ), including an investment in (and planned merger with) Cyclo Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq:
CYTH), Cyclo Therapeutics or Cyclo ), a clinical stage biotechnology company dedicated to developing Trappsol 
Cyclo , which is being evaluated in clinical trials for the potential treatment of Niemann-Pick Disease Type C1 NPC1 ),
a rare, fatal and progressive genetic disorder, a majority equity interest in LipoMedix Pharmaceuticals Ltd. LipoMedix ),
a clinical stage pharmaceutical company, Barer Institute Inc. Barer ), a wholly-owned preclinical cancer metabolism research
operation, and a majority interest in Cornerstone Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Cornerstone ), formerly known as Rafael Pharmaceuticals
Inc., a cancer metabolism-based therapeutics company. We also hold a majority interest in Rafael Medical Devices, LLC. Rafael
Medical Devices ), an orthopedic-focused medical device company developing instruments to advance minimally invasive surgeries,
and a majority interest in Day Three Labs, Inc. Day Three ), a company which empowers third-party manufacturers to reimagine
their existing cannabis offerings enabling them to bring to market better, cleaner, more precise and predictable versions by utilizing
Day Three s pharmaceutical-grade technology and innovation like Unlokt . Day Three and Rafael Medical Devices, together with
the Pharmaceutical Companies, represent our Portfolio Companies ). In November 2022, the Company resolved to curtail its
early-stage development efforts, including pre-clinical research at Barer. The decision was taken to reduce spending as the Company focuses
on exploring strategic opportunities. Since then, the Company has sought partners for programs at Farber and has entered into a license
agreement for one of its technologies. The Company s primary focus is to expand our investment portfolio through opportunistic and
strategic investments including therapeutics, which address high unmet medical needs. Upon closing of the planned merger with Cyclo, the
Company intends to focus its efforts on making Trappsol Cyclo its lead clinical program. 

100 

Historically, the Company owned real estate assets.
In 2020, the Company sold an office building located in Piscataway, New Jersey and, on August 22, 2022, the Company sold the building
at 520 Broad Street in Newark, New Jersey that serves as headquarters for the Company and several tenants and an associated public garage
(the 520 Property ). As of July 31, 2024, the Company holds a portion of a commercial building in Jerusalem, Israel
as its remaining owned real estate asset. 

In May 2023, the Company first invested in Cyclo
Therapeutics. Cyclo is a clinical-stage biotechnology company that develops cyclodextrin-based products for the potential treatment of
neurodegenerative diseases. Cyclo s lead drug candidate is Trappsol Cyclo (hydroxypropyl beta cyclodextrin), a treatment
for Niemann-Pick Disease, type C1 NPC1 ). NPC1 is a rare and fatal autosomal recessive genetic disease resulting in disrupted
cholesterol metabolism that impacts the brain, lungs, liver, spleen, and other organs. In January 2017 the FDA granted Fast Track designation
to Trappsol Cyclo for the treatment of NPC1. Initial patient enrollment in the U.S. Phase I study commenced in September 2017,
and in May 2020 Cyclo announced Top Line data demonstrating Trappsol Cyclo was well tolerated in this study. Cyclo is currently
conducting a Phase III Clinical Trial Evaluating Trappsol Cyclo in Pediatric and Adult Patients with Niemann-Pick
Disease, Type C1. See Notes 11 and 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the Company s
investments in Cyclo. 

As discussed in more detail below, on August 21,
2024, the Company entered into a merger agreement with Cyclo. In the event the merger is consummated, the Company intends to fund the
TransportNPC phase III clinical trial, evaluating Trappsol Cyclo in Niemann Pick C, to its interim analysis in the middle
of 2025 and focus its efforts on Trappsol Cyclo as its lead clinical program. At that point, the Company
will make a determination as to whether or not to file an NDA for Trappsol Cyclo . 

LipoMedix is a clinical stage Israeli company
focused on the development of a product candidate that holds the potential to be an innovative, safe, and effective cancer therapy based
on liposome delivery. As of July 31, 2024, the Company s ownership interest in LipoMedix was approximately 95 . LipoMedix has completed
various clinical stages of Promitil including Phase 1A (solid tumors) and 1B (as single agent and in combination with capecitabine
and/or bevacizumab in colorectal cancer). Another phase 1B testing Promitil as radiosensitizer is ongoing and near completion. A
total of 149 patients have been treated with Promitil as a single agent, or in combination with other anticancer drugs or radiotherapy,
under the framework of a phase 1A and two 1B clinical studies and under named patient approval for compassionate use. 

In 2019, the Company established Barer, a preclinical
cancer metabolism research operation, to focus on developing a pipeline of novel therapeutic compounds, including compounds designed
to regulate cancer metabolism with potentially broader application in other indications beyond cancer. Barer has been comprised of scientists
and academic advisors that are experts in cancer metabolism, chemistry, and drug development. In addition to its own internal discovery
efforts, Barer pursued collaborative research agreements and in-licensing opportunities with leading scientists from top academic institutions.
Barer s majority owned subsidiary, Farber Partners, LLC Farber ), was formed around one such agreement with Princeton
University s Office of Technology Licensing Princeton for technology from the laboratory of Professor Joshua Rabinowitz,
in the Department of Chemistry, Princeton University, for an exclusive worldwide license to its SHMT (serine hydroxymethyltransferase)
inhibitor program. In November 2022, the Company resolved to curtail its early-stage development efforts, including pre-clinical research
at Barer Institute. Since then, the Company has sought partners for Farber programs and has entered into a license agreement for one
of its technologies. 

The Company owns a 37.5 equity interest in RP
Finance LLC RP Finance ), which was, until March 13, 2024 (the date of the RP Finance Consolidation, as described in Note
3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements), accounted for under the equity method. RP Finance is an entity associated with members of
the family of Howard Jonas (Executive Chairman, Chairman of the Board, and controlling stockholder of the Company) which holds 37.5 
equity interest of RP Finance. RP Finance holds debt and equity investments in Cornerstone. In October 2021, Cornerstone received negative
results of its Avenger 500 Phase 3 study for Devimistat in pancreatic cancer as well as a recommendation to stop its ARMADA 2000 Phase
3 study due to a determination that the trial would unlikely achieve its primary endpoint (the Data Events ). Due to the
Data Events, RP Finance fully impaired its then debt and equity investments in Cornerstone. 

101 

On March 13, 2024, Cornerstone consummated a
restructuring of its outstanding debt and equity interests (the Cornerstone Restructuring ). As a result of the Cornerstone
Restructuring, Rafael became a 67 owner of the issued and outstanding common stock of Cornerstone (the Cornerstone Acquisition ),
and Cornerstone became a consolidated subsidiary of Rafael. The Cornerstone Acquisition is accounted for as an acquisition of a variable
interest entity that is not a business in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company was determined to be the accounting acquirer for financial
reporting purposes. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the transaction. In conjunction
with the Cornerstone Restructuring and Cornerstone Acquisition, the Company reassessed its relationship with RP Finance, and as a result
determined that RP Finance is still a variable interest entity and that the Company became the primary beneficiary of RP Finance as the
Company now holds the ability to control repayment of the RP Finance Line of Credit which directly impacts RP Finance s economic
performance. Therefore, following the Cornerstone Restructuring and Cornerstone Acquisition, the Company consolidated RP Finance (the
 RP Finance Consolidation ). See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Consolidation. 

In May 2021, the Company formed Rafael Medical
Devices, an orthopedic-focused medical device company developing instruments to advance minimally invasive surgeries. In August 2023,
the Company raised 925,000 from third parties in exchange for 31.6 ownership of Rafael Medical Devices. 

In April 2023, the Company first invested in
Day Three, a company which empowers third-party manufacturers to reimagine their existing cannabis offerings enabling them to bring to
market better, cleaner, more precise and predictable versions by utilizing Day Three s pharmaceutical-grade technology and innovation
like Unlokt . In January 2024, the Company entered into a series of transactions with Day Three and certain shareholders, acquiring
a controlling interest of Day Three and subsequently consolidating Day Three s results (the Day Three Acquisition ). 

Results of Operations 

Our business consists of three reportable segments
- Healthcare, Infusion Technology, and Real Estate. We evaluate the performance of our Healthcare segment based primarily on research
and development efforts and results of clinical trials, and our Infusion Technology and Real Estate segments based primarily on results
of operations. Accordingly, the income and expense line items below loss from operations are only included in the discussion of consolidated
results of operations. 

Healthcare Segment 

Our consolidated expenses for our Healthcare
segment were as follows: 

Year Ended July 31, 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

(in thousands) 
 
 General and administrative 
 (8,338 
 (8,794 
 456 
 5 
 
 Research and development 
 (3,668 
 (6,312 
 2,644 
 42 
 
 IPR D expense 
 (89,861 
 
 (89,861 
 100 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 (165 
 (15 
 (150 
 (1000 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (102,032 
 (15,121 
 (86,911 
 (575 

To date, the Healthcare segment has not generated
any revenues. The entirety of the expenses in the Healthcare segment relate to the activities of Barer, LipoMedix, Farber, Cornerstone,
and Rafael Medical Devices. As of July 31, 2024, we held a 100 interest in Barer, a 95 interest in LipoMedix, a 93 interest in
Farber, a 67 interest in Cornerstone, and a 68 interest in Rafael Medical Devices. 

On August 1, 2023, Rafael Medical Devices closed
on the sale of membership units in exchange for 925,000, and following that sale, the Company holds a 68 voting interest based on the
outstanding equity interests in Rafael Medical Devices. As of July 31, 2023, the Company recorded 825,000 of the funds received related
to the sale within prepaid expenses and other current assets and other liabilities within the consolidated balance sheets. 

General and administrative expenses . General
and administrative expenses consist mainly of payroll, stock-based compensation expense, benefits, facilities, consulting and professional
fees. The Company operations have been scaled to meet the current needs which has led to reduced overall general and administrative expenses.
The decrease in general and administrative expenses during the year ended July 31, 2024 compared to the year ended July 31, 2023 is comprised
of a decrease in insurance expense of approximately 0.9 million, a decrease in severance pay expense of approximately 0.4 million,
a decrease in licenses and fees of approximately 0.3, and a decrease in payroll expenses of approximately 0.2 million, partially offset
by a net increase in professional fees of approximately 1.1 million. 

102 

Research and development expenses. Research
and development expenses decreased for the year ended July 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended July 31, 2023. Research and development
expenses are derived from activity at Barer, LipoMedix, Farber, Cornerstone, Day Three, and Rafael Medical Devices. The decrease for
the year ended July 31, 2024 stems from the November 2022 decision to curtail the Company s early-stage development efforts, including
pre-clinical research at Barer, net of increases attributable to the acquisitions of Cornerstone and Day Three. 

In-process research and development IPR D expenses. IPR D expenses during the year ended July 31, 2024 compared to the year ended July 31, 2023 increased by 89.9 million
due to the Cornerstone Acquisition. See Note 3 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information on the transaction. 

Infusion Technology 

Year Ended July 31, 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

(in thousands) 
 
 Infusion Technology revenue 
 355 
 
 355 

Cost of Infusion Technology revenue 
 (154 
 
 (154 

General and administrative 
 (374 
 
 (374 

Research and development 
 (502 
 
 (502 

Loss from operations 
 (675 
 
 (675 

Infusion Technology revenue. Infusion
Technology revenue increased by 355 thousand during the year ended July 31, 2024 compared to the year ended July 31, 2023 due to the
acquisition of Day Three in January 2024. 

Cost of Infusion Technology revenue. Cost
of Infusion Technology revenue increased by 154 thousand during the year ended July 31, 2024 compared to the year ended July 31, 2023
due to the acquisition of Day Three in January 2024. The specific costs are related to supplies, materials, production labor, and travel
costs. 

General and administrative expenses. General
and administrative expenses consist mainly of payroll, insurance, software, and licenses. General and administrative expenses increased
by 374 thousand during the year ended July 31, 2024 compared to the year ended July 31, 2023 due to the acquisition of controlling interest
in Day Three, and subsequent consolidation of its results, in January 2024. 

Research and development expenses. Research
and development expenses increased by 502 thousand during the year ended July 31, 2024 compared to the year ended July 31, 2023 due
to the acquisition of Day Three in January 2024. 

Real Estate Segment 

The revenue and expenses of the 520 Property
have been excluded from the real estate segment in the figures below due to its classification of held-for-sale and discontinued operations,
and the sale of the 520 Property on August 22, 2022. The Real Estate segment consists of a portion of a commercial building in Israel.
Consolidated income (loss) and expenses for our Real Estate segment were as follows: 

Year Ended July 31, 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

(in thousands) 
 
 Rental Third Party 
 174 
 171 
 3 
 2 
 
 Rental Related Party 
 108 
 108 

General and administrative 
 (142 
 (138 
 (4 
 (3 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 (60 
 (63 
 3 
 5 
 
 Income from operations 
 80 
 78 
 2 
 3 

103 

Consolidated Operations 

Our consolidated income and expense line items
below loss from operations were as follows: 

Year Ended July 31, 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

(in thousands) 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (102,627 
 (15,043 
 (87,584 
 (582 
 
 Interest income 
 2,383 
 3,253 
 (870 
 (27 
 
 Impairment of investments - Other Pharmaceuticals 
 
 (334 
 334 
 100 
 
 Loss on initial investment in Day Three upon acquisition 
 (1,633 
 
 (1,633 
 (100 
 
 Realized gain on available-for-sale securities 
 1,772 
 154 
 1,618 
 1051 
 
 Realized gain (loss) on investment in equity securities 
 (46 
 309 
 (355 
 (115 
 
 Realized gain on investment - Cyclo 
 424 
 
 424 
 (100 
 
 Unrealized gain on equity securities 
 
 33 
 (33 
 (100 
 
 Unrealized gain on investment - Cyclo 
 37 
 2,663 
 (2,626 
 100 
 
 Unrealized gain on convertible notes receivable, due from Cyclo 
 1,191 
 
 1,191 
 100 
 
 Unrealized gain on investment - Hedge Funds 
 63 
 220 
 (157 
 (71 
 
 Recovery of receivables from Cornerstone 
 31,305 
 
 31,305 
 100 
 
 Interest expense 
 (248 
 
 (248 
 (100 
 
 Other income 
 118 
 
 118 
 100 
 
 Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 
 (67,261 
 (8,745 
 (58,516 
 (669 
 
 Benefit from income taxes 
 2,680 
 255 
 2,425 
 951 
 
 Equity in loss of Day Three 
 (422 
 (203 
 (219 
 108 
 
 Consolidated net loss from continuing operations 
 (65,003 
 (8,693 
 (56,310 
 (648 
 
 Income from discontinued operations related to 520 Property 
 
 6,478 
 (6,478 
 100 
 
 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 (30,593 
 (339 
 (30,254 
 (8924 
 
 Net loss attributable to Rafael Holdings, Inc. 
 (34,410 
 (1,876 
 (32,534 
 (1734 

Interest income and realized gains on available-for-sale
securities. Interest income was 2.4 million and 3.3 million for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease
is primarily due to maturity and sales activity which resulted in an increase of realized gains on available-for-sale securities of 1.6
million for the year ended July 31, 2024. 

Impairment of investments - Other Pharmaceuticals .
We recorded impairment losses of 0 and 334 thousand related to our investment in Nanovibronix using the measurement alternative for
the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Realized gain on investment - Cyclo. We
recorded a realized gain of approximately 424 thousand related to the exercise of the May Warrants in connection with our October 2023
investment in Cyclo for the year ended July 31, 2024. 

Unrealized gain on investment - Cyclo. We
recorded an unrealized gain of 37 thousand and 2.7 million related to the change in fair value in our investment in Cyclo for the years
ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Unrealized gain on convertible notes receivable,
due from Cyclo. We recorded an unrealized gain of 1.2 million related to the convertible note receivable due from Cyclo for the year
ended July 31, 2024. 

Unrealized gain on investment - Hedge Fund s.
We recorded an unrealized gain of approximately 63 thousand and an unrealized gain of approximately 220 thousand for the years ended
July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Recovery of receivables from Cornerstone. We
recorded an increase in recovery of receivables from Cornerstone of approximately 31.3 million for the year ended July 31, 2024. See
Note 3 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information related to this matter. 

Benefit from income taxes . In accordance
with the State of New Jersey s Technology Business Tax Certificate Transfer Program, which allowed certain high technology and
biotechnology companies to sell unused net operating loss carryforwards NOLs to other New Jersey-based corporate taxpayers
based in New Jersey, the Company received approximately 2.6 million for the sale of the Company s prior period NOLs totaling 31.6
million in the year ended July 31, 2024. The Company received proceeds of approximately 274 thousand from the sale of the Company s
prior period NOLs totaling 3.3 million in the year ended July 31, 2023. 

104 

Equity in loss of Day Three. We recognized
a loss of approximately 422 and 203 thousand from our ownership interest in Day Three due to operating results for the years ended July
31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of January 2, 2024, Day Three is a majority-owned subsidiary which is consolidated. See Note 10 to
our accompanying consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the acquisition. 

Income from discontinued operations related
to 520 Property. Discontinued operations include: (i) rental and parking revenues, (ii) payroll, benefits, facilities, consulting
and professional fees dedicated to 520 Property, (iii) depreciation and amortization expenses, (iv) interest (including amortization of
debt issuance costs) on the note payable that was secured by a mortgage on the 520 Property, and (v) gain on the disposal of the 520 Property.
The operating results of these items are presented in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss as discontinued
operations for all periods presented. The decrease in the net income attributable to discontinued operations for the year ended July 31,
2024 as compared to the year ended July 31, 2023 was due to a gain on the sale of the 520 Property of 6.8 million. 

See Note 14 to our accompanying consolidated financial
statements for further information regarding discontinued operations. 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests.
 The change in the net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests is primarily attributed to the net loss of Cornerstone which includes
 89.9 million in IPR D expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of July 31, 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

(in thousands) 

Balance Sheet Data: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 2,675 
 21,498 
 (18,823 
 (88 
 
 Convertible note receivable, related party 
 
 1,921 
 (1,921 
 (100 
 
 Convertible note receivable 
 1,146 
 
 1,146 
 100 
 
 Installment note payable 
 1,700 
 
 1,700 
 100 
 
 Working capital 
 64,988 
 80,796 
 (15,808 
 (20 
 
 Total assets 
 96,832 
 98,829 
 (1,997 
 (2 
 
 Total equity attributable to Rafael Holdings, Inc. 
 82,185 
 100,293 
 (18,108 
 (18 
 
 Noncontrolling interests 
 4,073 
 (3,664 
 7,737 
 211 
 
 Total equity 
 86,258 
 96,629 
 (10,371 
 (11 

Year Ended July 31, 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

(in thousands) 

Cash flows used in 

Operating activities of continuing operations 
 (7,802 
 (10,247 
 2,445 
 24 
 
 Investing activities of continuing operations 
 (10,820 
 (26,960 
 16,140 
 60 
 
 Financing activities of continuing operations 
 (179 
 (218 
 39 
 18 
 
 Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 
 (22 
 (146 
 124 
 85 
 
 Operating, investing, and financing activities of discontinued operations 
 
 32,532 
 (32,532 
 (100 
 
 Decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (18,823 
 (5,039 
 (13,784 
 274 

105 

Capital Resources 

As of July 31, 2024, we held cash and cash
equivalents of approximately 2.7 million and available-for-sale securities valued at approximately 63.3 million. On August 22, 2022,
the Company received net proceeds of approximately 33 million in connection with the sale of the 520 Property (see Note 14 to our accompanying
consolidated financial statements for further details). The Company expects its balance of cash and cash equivalents, and available-for-sale
securities, to be sufficient to meet our obligations for at least the next 12 months from the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Operating Activities 

Cash used in operating activities decreased by
 2.4 million from cash used of 10.2 million for the year ended July 31, 2023 to cash used of 7.8 million for the year ended July 31,
2024, as the increase in the loss from continuing operations was more than offset by the impact from non-cash items, such as 89.9 million
in in-process research and development expense, 31.3 million from the recovery of receivables from Cornerstone, and changes in assets
and liabilities. 

Investing Activities 

Cash used in investing activities for the year
ended July 31, 2024 was primarily due to purchases of available-for-sale securities of approximately 155.7 million, purchase of 4.0
million in convertible notes receivable from Cyclo, and the investment in Cyclo common stock and warrants of 6.8 million, partially offset
by proceeds of 153.4 million from sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities and 2.5 million in proceeds from hedge funds. 

Cash used in investing activities for the year
ended July 31, 2023 was primarily due to purchases of available-for-sale securities of approximately 204.8 million, the investment in
Day Three of 3.0 million, the purchase of investment in Cyclo common stock and warrants of 2.1 million, the loan of 2.0 million to
Cornerstone and the purchase of equity securities of 1.6 million. This is partially offset by proceeds of 185.1 million from the sale
and maturities of available-for-sale securities and proceeds of 1.3 million from the sale of equity securities. 

Financing Activities 

Cash used in financing activities for the year
ended July 31, 2024 was primarily related to a principal payment of 0.8 million on the installment note acquired during the Day Three
Acquisition, partially offset by the proceeds from sale of RMD membership units of 0.9 million. 

Cash used in financing activities for the year
ended July 31, 2023 was primarily related to repayment of the 15.0 million note payable in connection with the sale of 520 Property and
for payment of taxes related to shares withheld for employee taxes on vesting of shares granted to employees. 

We do not anticipate paying dividends on our common
stock until we achieve sustainable profitability and retain certain minimum cash reserves. The payment of dividends in any specific period
will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. 

Operating, Financing, and Investing Activities
of Discontinued Operations 

The cash flows from discontinued operations -
520 Property for the year ended July 31, 2023 represent the net income excluding non-cash depreciation and amortization, as well as the
net proceeds from the sale of the 520 Property. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

We have chosen accounting policies that we believe
are appropriate to accurately and fairly report our operating results and financial condition in conformity with U.S. GAAP. We apply these
accounting policies in a consistent manner. Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 2, Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies, in our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

The application of critical accounting policies
requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related
disclosures. These estimates and assumptions are based on historical and other factors believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
We evaluate these estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis and may retain outside consultants to assist in our evaluation. If actual
results ultimately differ from previous estimates, the revisions are included in results of operations in the period in which the actual
amounts become known. The critical accounting policies that involve the most significant management judgments and estimates used in preparation
of our consolidated financial statements, or are the most sensitive to change from outside factors, are discussed below. 

106 

Investments Measured at Fair Value 

We have elected the fair value option to account
for our investment in and convertible notes due from Cyclo. over which we have significant influence. The fair value option is irrevocable
once elected. We measure our investment in Cyclo at fair value and record all subsequent changes in fair value in earnings in the consolidated
statement of operations. We believe the fair value option best reflects the underlying economics of the investment. 

We hold convertible notes receivable that are
classified as available-for-sale as defined under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 320, Investments - Debt and
Equity Securities , and are recorded at fair value. Subsequent changes in fair value are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss). The fair value of these convertible note receivables are estimated using a scenario-based analysis based on the probability-weighted
present value of future investment returns, considering each of the possible outcomes available to us, including cash repayment, equity
conversion, and collateral transfer scenarios. Estimating the fair value of the convertible notes requires the development of significant
and subjective estimates that may, and are likely to, change over the duration of the instrument with related changes in internal and
external market factors. 

The Company recognizes the fair value of the Cyclo
Warrants utilizing a Black-Scholes model at acquisition and each reporting date. The application of the Black-Scholes model utilizes significant
assumptions, including expected volatility, expected life, marketability discount, and risk-free interest rate. In order to determine
the volatility, we measured expected volatility based on several inputs, including considering a peer group of publicly traded companies
and the implied volatility of the Company s publicly-traded warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon
yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants
is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. Both of the Cyclo Warrants and the underlying shares of common
stock are subject to volume restrictions in accordance with SEC Rule 144 for which a discount to the stock price of Cyclo was applied.
The Black-Scholes model further incorporated a discount for the overall lack of marketability for the Cyclo Warrants. 

Certain inputs utilized in our Black-Scholes model
may fluctuate in future periods based upon factors which are outside of the Company s control. A significant change in one or more
of these inputs used in the calculation of the fair value may cause a significant change to the fair value of our warrant liability which
could also result in material non-cash gain or loss being reported in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

The Company s marketable securities are
also considered to be available-for-sale as defined under ASC 320, Investments - Debt and Equity Securities , and are recorded at
fair value based on the quoted price in active markets for similar assets and inputs that are observable for the asset. Unrealized gains
or losses are included in accumulated other comprehensive income. Realized gains or losses are released from accumulated other comprehensive
income and into earnings on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss operations of acquired businesses are included
in the consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date. 

We account for our investments in hedge funds
in accordance with ASC 321, Investments Equity Securities . Unrealized gains and losses resulting from the change in fair
value of these securities is included in unrealized (loss) gain on investments Hedge Funds in the consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss. Hedge funds classified as Level 3 include investments and securities for which fair value may not be based on
readily observable data inputs. The availability of observable inputs can vary from security to security and is affected by a wide variety
of factors, including, for example, the type of security, whether the security is new and not yet established in the marketplace, the
liquidity of markets, and other characteristics particular to the security. The fair value of these assets is estimated based on information
provided by the fund managers or the general partners. Therefore, these assets are classified as Level 3. 

Business Combinations 

Amounts paid for acquisitions are allocated to
the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair value at the date of acquisition. The fair value of identifiable
intangible assets is based on detailed valuations that use information and assumptions provided by management, including expected future
cash flows. We allocate any excess purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable net assets and liabilities acquired to goodwill.
Identifiable intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their useful lives. Acquisition-related costs, including advisory,
legal, accounting, valuation, and other costs, are expensed in the periods in which the costs are incurred. The results of operations
of acquired businesses are included in the consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date. 

107 

Goodwill 

The Company assesses goodwill for impairment on
an annual basis or more frequently when events and circumstances occur indicating that the recorded goodwill may be impaired. The Company
regularly monitors current business conditions and other factors including, but not limited to, adverse industry or economic trends and
lower projections of profitability that may impact future operating results. The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill
requires significant judgement. In performing the Company s annual goodwill impairment test, the Company is permitted to first assess
qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not the fair value of the Company s reporting unit is less than its carrying
amount, including goodwill. In performing the qualitative assessment, the Company considers certain events and circumstances specific
to the reporting unit and the entity as a whole, such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall financial
performance and cost factors when evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than
its carrying amount. The Company is also permitted to bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to the quantitative test.
If the Company chooses to undertake the qualitative assessment and concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the
reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the Company would then proceed to the quantitative impairment test. In the quantitative
assessment, the Company compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount, which includes goodwill. If the fair value
exceeds the carrying value, no impairment loss exists. If the fair value is less than the carrying amount, a goodwill impairment loss
is measured and recorded. 

The Company assesses goodwill for impairment on
an annual basis as of May 31 or more frequently when events and circumstances occur indicating that recorded goodwill may be impaired.
The Company did not record an impairment charge during the year ended July 31, 2024. 

Stock-based Compensation 

We record stock-based compensation for options
granted and restricted stock units awarded to employees, non-employees, and to members of the board of directors for their services on
the board of directors based on the grant date fair value of awards issued, and the expense is recorded on a straight-line basis over
the requisite service period. Forfeitures are recognized when they occur. 

The fair value of restricted stock units is determined
by the grant date market price of our common shares. We use the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model to determine the fair value
of stock options. The use of the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model requires management to make assumptions with respect to the
expected term of the option, the expected volatility of the common stock consistent with the expected life of the option, risk-free interest
rates and expected dividend yields of the common stock. We have concluded that its historical share option exercise experience does not
provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term. Therefore, the expected term was determined according to the simplified
method, which is the average of the vesting tranche dates and the contractual term. Due to the lack of Company-specific historical and
implied volatility data, the estimate of expected volatility is primarily based on the historical volatility of a group of similar companies
that are publicly traded. For these analyses, companies with comparable characteristics are selected, including enterprise value and position
within the industry, and with historical share price information sufficient to meet the expected life of the stock-based awards. We compute
the historical volatility data using the daily closing prices for the selected companies shares during the equivalent period of
the calculated expected term of its stock-based awards. The risk-free interest rate is determined by reference to U.S. Treasury zero-coupon
issues with remaining maturities similar to the expected term of the options. We have not paid, and do not anticipate paying, cash dividends
on shares of our common stock. 

In-Process Research and Development 

We hold acquired in-process research and development IPR D intangible assets pursuant to a business combination. These IPR D assets are considered indefinite-lived
intangible assets until completion or abandonment of the associated research and development efforts. These IPR D assets are not amortized
but reviewed for impairment at least annually, or when events or changes in the business environment indicate the carrying value may be
impaired. 

IPR D acquired as part of the Cornerstone
Acquisition represents the R D asset of Cornerstone which was in-process, but not yet completed, and which had no alternative use.
To value the IPR D acquired as part of the Cornerstone Acquisition, the Company utilized the Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method MPEEM ),
under the Income Approach. The method reflects the present value of the projected operating cash flows generated by Cornerstone s
assets after taking into account the cost to realize the revenue, and an appropriate discount rate to reflect the time value and risk
associated with the invested capital. IPR D acquired represents Cornerstone s research and development activities related to
oncology-focused pharmaceuticals which seeks to exploit the metabolic differences between normal cells and cancer cells. The IPR D
acquired as part of the Cornerstone Acquisition, accounted for as an asset acquisition, was expensed immediately as a component of in-process
research and development expense in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss as it had no alternative future use. 

108 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, 
as defined in relevant SEC regulations, that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results
of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company
and the report of the independent registered public accounting firm thereon starting on page F-1 are included herein. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

An evaluation was performed under the supervision
and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated
under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of July 31, 2024. Based on that evaluation, the Company s management,
including the President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The internal control process has been designed under
management s supervision to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
the Company s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2024 utilizing the framework established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based
on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2024
is effective. 

The Company s internal control over financial
reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that accurately and fairly reflect, in reasonable
detail, transactions and dispositions of assets; and provide reasonable assurances that: (1) transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP; (2) receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and (3) unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s
assets that could have a material effect on the Company s financial statements are prevented or timely detected. 

All internal control systems, no matter how well
designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with
respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no significant changes made in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of the year ended July 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

109 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

The following is a list of our directors and executive
officers as of November 6, 2024, along with the specific information required by Rule 14a-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Executive Officers 

Howard S. Jonas Executive Chairman 

William Conkling Chief Executive Officer 

David Polinsky Chief Financial Officer 

John Goldberg Chief Medical Officer 

Directors 

Howard S. Jonas Chairman of the Board 

Susan Bernstein 

Stephen Greenberg 

Dr. Mark Stein 

Dr. Michael J. Weiss 

The remaining information required by this Item
will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days after July 31, 2024, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Corporate Governance 

We have included as exhibits to this Annual Report
on Form 10-K certificates of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer certifying the quality of our public disclosure. 

We make available free of charge through the investor
relations page of our web site (http://rafaelholdings.irpass.com/) our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current
Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, and all beneficial ownership reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by directors,
officers and beneficial owners of more than 10 of our equity, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We have adopted codes of business conduct and ethics for all of our employees, including
our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Copies of the codes of business conduct
and ethics are available on our web site. 

Our web site and the information contained therein
or incorporated therein are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or our other filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The information required by this Item will be
contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days after July 31, 2024, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The information required by this Item will be
contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days after July 31, 2024, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

The information required by this Item will be
contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days after July 31, 2024, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The information required by this Item will be
contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days after July 31, 2024, and which is incorporated by reference herein. 

110 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Consolidated Financial Statements covered by Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

2 
 Financial Statement Schedules. 

All schedules have been omitted since they are
either included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements or not required or not applicable. 

3 
 Exhibits. The exhibits listed in paragraph (b) of this item are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-K. 

Certain of the agreements filed as exhibits to
this Form 10-K contain representations and warranties by the parties to the agreements that have been made solely for the benefit of the
parties to the agreement. These representations and warranties: 

may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with the negotiation of the agreements, which
disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreements; 

may apply standards of materiality that differ from those of a reasonable investor; and 

were made only as of specified dates contained in the agreements and are subject to subsequent developments and changed circumstances. 

Accordingly, these representations and warranties
may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date that these representations and warranties were made or at any other time.
Investors should not rely on them as statements of fact. 

(b) Exhibits. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

2.1(1) 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and among Rafael, Cyclo, First Merger Sub and Second Merger Sub. 

3.1(2) 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Rafael Holdings, Inc. 

3.2(3) 
 
 Third Amended and Restated By-Laws of Rafael Holdings, Inc. 

4.2 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

10.1(4) 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated 

10.2(3) 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of June 13, 2022, between the Company and Howard S. Jonas. 

111 

10.3(5) 
 
 Letter Agreement dated January 20, 2022, between the Company and William Conkling. 

10.4 
 
 Letter Agreement dated November 16, 2023, between the Company and John Goldberg 

10.5(6) 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 19, 2021, by and among Rafael Holdings, Inc. and the Investors named therein. 

10.6(6) 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 19, 2021, by and among Rafael Holdings, Inc. and I9 Plus, LLC. 

10.7(6) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 19, 2021, by and among Rafael Holdings, Inc. and the Investors named therein. 

21.01 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent of CohnReznick LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.01 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.02 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.01 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.02 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

97 
 
 Compensation Clawback Policy 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed or furnished herewith. 

(1) Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K, filed August 22, 2024. 

(2) Incorporated by reference to Form 10-12G/A, filed March 26,
2018. 

(3) Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K, filed June 14, 2022. 

(4) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of the Company s
Definitive Proxy Statement, filed with the Commission on November 28, 2022. 

(5) Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K, filed January 21,
2022. 

(6) Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K, filed August 24, 2021. 

(7) Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K, filed May 9, 2022. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

112 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Rafael Holdings, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ William
 Conkling 

William Conkling 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 6, 2024 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Titles 
 
 Date 

/s/ William
 Conkling 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 November 5, 2024 
 
 William Conkling 

/s/ David
 Polinsky 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 November 5, 2024 
 
 David Polinsky 

/s/ Howard
 S. Jonas 
 
 Director, Chairman of the Board 
and Executive Chairman 
 
 November 5, 2024 
 
 Howard S. Jonas 

/s/ Susan
 Y. Bernstein 
 
 Director 
 
 November 5, 2024 
 
 Susan Y. Bernstein 

/s/ Stephen
 Greenberg 
 
 Director 
 
 November 5, 2024 
 
 Stephen Greenberg 

/s/ Dr.
 Mark Stein 
 
 Director 
 
 November 5, 2024 
 
 Dr. Mark Stein 

/s/ Dr.
 Michael J. Weiss 
 
 Director 
 
 November 5, 2024 
 
 Dr. Michael J. Weiss 

113 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2024 and 2023 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

The
Board of Directors and Stockholders 

Rafael
Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Rafael Holdings, Inc. as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss, equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of Rafael Holdings, Inc. as of July 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to Rafael Holdings, Inc. in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
Rafael Holdings, Inc. is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express
no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The critical audit
matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (i) related to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated
financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communications of critical audit
matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating
the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which
it relates. 

Valuation
of Intangible Assets and Purchase Price Consideration in the Cornerstone Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Restructuring and Acquisition 

Description of
the matter 

As
described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company, Cornerstone Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Cornerstone ),
and other holders of debt and equity securities of Cornerstone agreed to various transactions which effected a recapitalization and restructuring
of the outstanding debt and equity interests in Cornerstone. The recapitalization resulted in the Company becoming the primary beneficiary
of Cornerstone, a variable interest entity, and consolidating Cornerstone. The Company was determined to be the accounting acquiror and
treated the restructuring as an asset acquisition resulting in the recording of an in-process research and development asset of approximately
 89,861,000. The purchase consideration resulting from the restructuring included the forgiveness of a line of credit and a promissory
note in exchange for Cornerstone common stock valued at 37,845,000 and 2,663,000, respectively. The fair value of this consideration
and the in-process research and development asset were calculated by management using a blend of a discounted cash flow and comparable
companies valuations. The methods used to estimate the fair value of acquired intangible assets and purchase consideration utilizing
a discounted cash flow involve significant assumptions. The significant assumptions applied by management in estimating the fair value
of acquired intangible assets and purchase consideration included income projections and discount rates. 

Significant judgment
is exercised by the Company in determining the valuation of the intangible assets and purchase price consideration. 

Given these factors,
the related audit effort in evaluating management s judgments in determining the valuation of the intangible assets and purchase
price consideration was challenging, subjective, and complex and required a high degree of auditor judgment. 

How
our Audit Addressed the Critical Audit Matter 

Our
principal audit procedures related to this critical audit matter included the following: 

We
 gained an understanding of and evaluated the design and implementation of the Company s
 controls that address the risk of material misstatement related to developing fair value
 estimates and management projections. 

We
 evaluated management's significant accounting policies related to estimating the fair value
 of intangible assets and purchase consideration. 

We
 tested the reasonableness of the underlying data used to determine the forecasted discounted
 future cash flows. 

We
 evaluated the reasonableness of the discounted future cash flows utilized in the discounted
 cash flow model by comparing forecasted discounted cash flows to market information. 

We
 evaluated the reasonableness of the probability weighting of the discounted cash flows based
 upon the likelihood of approval of the acquired research and development projects by comparing
 the probabilities to historical market information and industry data. 

Professionals
 with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the reasonableness
 of the discount rates utilized. 

/s/

We
have served as Company s auditor since 2019. 

November
6, 2024 

F- 2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Available-for-sale securities 

Interest receivable 

Convertible note receivables, due from Cyclo 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of at July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Convertible note receivable, related party 

Investment in equity securities 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Investments Cyclo 

Investments Hedge Funds 

Investment Day Three 

Investments Other Pharmaceuticals 

Convertible note receivable 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

In-process research and development 

Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Convertible notes payable 

Other current liabilities 

Due to related parties 

Installment note payable 

Total current liabilities 

Accrued expenses, noncurrent 

Convertible notes payable, noncurrent 

Other liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

EQUITY 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding (excluding treasury shares of 101,487) as of July 31, 2024, and shares issued and shares outstanding as of July 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury stock, at cost; and Class B shares as of July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023, respectively 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to unrealized income on available-for-sale securities 

Accumulated other comprehensive income related to foreign currency translation adjustment 

Total equity attributable to Rafael Holdings, Inc. 

Noncontrolling interests 

TOTAL EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 REVENUE 

Infusion Technology 

Rental Third Party 

Rental Related Party 

Total revenue 

COSTS AND EXPENSES 

Cost of Infusion Technology revenue 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

In-process research and development expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss from operations 

Interest income 

Impairment of investments - Other Pharmaceuticals 

Loss on initial investment in Day Three upon acquisition 

Realized gain on available-for-sale securities 

Realized gain (loss) on investment in equity securities 

Unrealized gain on investment in equity securities 

Realized gain on investment - Cyclo 

Unrealized gain on investment - Cyclo 

Unrealized gain on convertible notes receivable, due from Cyclo 

Unrealized gain on investment - Hedge Funds 

Recovery of receivables from Cornerstone 

Interest expense 

Other income 

Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 

Benefit from income taxes 

Equity in loss of Day Three 

Consolidated net loss from continuing operations 

Discontinued Operations (Note 14) 

Loss from discontinued operations related to 520 Property 

Gain on disposal of 520 Property 

Income from discontinued operations 

Consolidated net loss 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net loss attributable to Rafael Holdings, Inc. 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Consolidated net loss 

Unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale securities 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive loss 

Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Comprehensive loss attributable to Rafael Holdings, Inc. 

Income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders 

Basic and diluted: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Total basic and diluted loss per share 

Weighted average number of shares used in calculation of income (loss) per share 

Basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 

(in thousands, except share data) 

Year Ended July 31, 2024 

Common Stock, Series A 
 Common Stock, Series B 
 Additional 
 
 Accumulated other 
 
 Treasury Stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 paid-in 
capital 
 Accumulated 
deficit 
 comprehensive 
income 
 Noncontrolling 
interests 
 Class B Shares 
 Amount 
 Total Equity 
 
 Balance at August 1, 2023 

Net loss 

Stock-based compensation 

Shares withheld for payroll taxes 

Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities 

Sale of Rafael Medical Devices membership units 

Noncontrolling interest in Day Three acquisition 

Purchases of treasury stock 

Gain on RP Finance consolidation 

Paid-in capital arising from Cornerstone Acquisition 

Noncontrolling interest arising from Cornerstone Acquisition 

Noncontrolling interest arising from RP Finance Consolidation 

Elimination of RP Finance investment in Cornerstone 

Dissolution of Levco 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance at 
July 31, 2024 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 

(in thousands, except share data) 

Year Ended July 31, 2023 

Common Stock, 
 Series A 
 Common Stock, 
 Series B 
 Additional 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated 
 other 
 comprehensive 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 income 
 interests 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at August 1, 2022 

Net loss 

Stock-based compensation 

Forfeiture of restricted stock 

Shares withheld for payroll taxes 

Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities 

Acquisition of additional ownership interest in LipoMedix 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Balance at July 31, 2023 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(in thousands) 

Year Ended July 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Operating activities 

Consolidated net loss 

Less: Income from discontinued operations 

Loss from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Gain on sale of property and equipment 

Net unrealized gain on investment - Hedge Funds 

Unrealized gain on equity securities 

Realized loss on investment in equity securities 

Realized gain on available-for-sale securities 

Amortization of discount on available-for-sale securities 

Impairment of investments - Other Pharmaceuticals 

Loss on initial investment in Day Three upon acquisition 

Realized gain in equity investments - Cyclo 

Unrealized gain in equity investments - Cyclo 

Unrealized gain on convertible notes receivable, due from Cyclo 

Recovery of receivables from Cornerstone 

In-process research and development expense 

Gain on dissolution of a business 

Equity in loss of Day Three 

Bad debt expense 

Stock-based compensation 

Change in assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions and discontinued operations: 

Trade accounts receivable 

Interest receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 

Due to related parties 

Other liabilities 

Net cash used in continuing operations 

Net cash used in discontinued operations 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Investing activities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Purchases of available-for-sale securities 

Proceeds from the sale and maturities of available-for-sale securities 

Proceeds from Day Three patent sale 

Purchase of intangible assets 

Proceeds from sales of equity securities 

Issuance of Convertible Notes, Due from Cyclo 

Issuance of convertible note receivable, related party 

Purchase of Investment in Day Three 

Purchase of Investment in Cyclo 

Issuance of convertible note receivable 

Issuance of Day Three Promissory Notes 

Proceeds from investments - Other Pharmaceuticals 

Purchases of equity securities 

Cash acquired in acquisition of Day Three, net of cash payments 

Cash acquired in the Cornerstone Acquisition, net of cash payments 

Proceeds from hedge funds 

Net cash used in investing activities of continuing operations 

Proceeds from sale of 520 Property - discontinued operations 

Payment of transaction costs for sale of 520 Property - discontinued operations 

Net cash provided by investing activities of discontinued operations 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Financing activities 

Principal payments on installment note payable 

Payments for taxes related to shares withheld for employee taxes 

Purchases of treasury stock 

Proceeds from sale of Rafael Medical Devices membership units 

Net cash used in financing activities of continuing operations 

Payment of Note Payable in connection with sale of 520 Property - discontinued operations 

Net cash used in financing activities of discontinued operations 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Non-cash supplemental disclosure 

Acquisition of additional ownership interest in LipoMedix 

Conversion of RFL Line of Credit into Cornerstone Common Stock 

Conversion of 2023 Promissory Note into Cornerstone Common Stock 

Recognition of noncontrolling interest in the Cornerstone Acquisition 

Recognition of noncontrolling interest in the RP Finance Consolidation, net of elimination 

Gain on RP Finance Consolidation recorded as an adjustment to additional paid-in capital due to related party nature of transaction, net of elimination 

Noncash consideration received in exchange for equipment 

Elimination of principal and accrued interest on the Day Three Promissory Notes included in consideration for acquisition of Day Three 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. LipoMedix has completed
various clinical stages of Promitil including Phase 1A (solid tumors) and 1B (as single agent and in combination with capecitabine
and/or bevacizumab in colorectal cancer). Another phase 1B testing Promitil as radiosensitizer is ongoing and near completion. A
total of 149 patients have been treated with Promitil as a single agent, or in combination with other anticancer drugs or radiotherapy,
under the framework of a phase 1A and two 1B clinical studies and under named patient approval for compassionate use. 

In 2019, the Company established Barer, a preclinical
cancer metabolism research operation, to focus on developing a pipeline of novel therapeutic compounds, including compounds designed
to regulate cancer metabolism with potentially broader application in other indications beyond cancer. Barer has been comprised of scientists
and academic advisors that are experts in cancer metabolism, chemistry, and drug development. In addition to its own internal discovery
efforts, Barer pursued collaborative research agreements and in-licensing opportunities with leading scientists from top academic institutions.
Barer s majority owned subsidiary, Farber Partners, LLC Farber ), was formed around one such agreement with Princeton
University s Office of Technology Licensing Princeton for technology from the laboratory of Professor Joshua Rabinowitz,
in the Department of Chemistry, Princeton University, for an exclusive worldwide license to its SHMT (serine hydroxymethyltransferase)
inhibitor program. In November 2022, the Company resolved to curtail its early-stage development efforts, including pre-clinical research
at Barer Institute. Since then, the Company has sought partners for Farber programs and has entered into a license agreement for one
of its technologies. 

F- 8 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

equity interest in RP
Finance LLC RP Finance ), which was, until March 13, 2024 (the date of the RP Finance Consolidation, as described in Note
3), accounted for under the equity method. RP Finance is an entity associated with members of the family of Howard Jonas (Executive Chairman,
Chairman of the Board, and controlling stockholder of the Company) which holds equity interest of RP Finance. RP Finance holds
debt and equity investments in Cornerstone. In October 2021, Cornerstone received negative results of its Avenger 500 Phase 3 study for
Devimistat in pancreatic cancer as well as a recommendation to stop its ARMADA 2000 Phase 3 study due to a determination that the trial
would unlikely achieve its primary endpoint (the Data Events ). Due to the Data Events, RP Finance fully impaired its then
debt and equity investments in Cornerstone. 

On March 13, 2024, Cornerstone consummated a
restructuring of its outstanding debt and equity interests (the Cornerstone Restructuring ). As a result of the Cornerstone
Restructuring, Rafael became a owner of the issued and outstanding common stock of Cornerstone (the Cornerstone Acquisition ),
and Cornerstone became a consolidated subsidiary of Rafael. The Cornerstone Acquisition is accounted for as an acquisition of a variable
interest entity that is not a business in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company was determined to be the accounting acquirer for financial
reporting purposes. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the transaction. In conjunction
with the Cornerstone Restructuring and Cornerstone Acquisition, the Company reassessed its relationship with RP Finance, and as a result
determined that RP Finance is still a variable interest entity and that the Company became the primary beneficiary of RP Finance as the
Company now holds the ability to control repayment of the RP Finance Line of Credit which directly impacts RP Finance s economic
performance. Therefore, following the Cornerstone Restructuring and Cornerstone Acquisition, the Company consolidated RP Finance (the
 RP Finance Consolidation ). See Note 3 for additional information on the Consolidation. 

In May 2021, the Company formed Rafael Medical
Devices, an orthopedic-focused medical device company developing instruments to advance minimally invasive surgeries. In August 2023,
the Company raised from third parties in exchange for ownership of Rafael Medical Devices. 

In April 2023, the Company first invested in
Day Three, a company which empowers third-party manufacturers to reimagine their existing cannabis offerings enabling them to bring to
market better, cleaner, more precise and predictable versions by utilizing Day Three s pharmaceutical-grade technology and innovation
like Unlokt . In January 2024, the Company entered into a series of transactions with Day Three and certain shareholders, acquiring
a controlling interest of Day Three and subsequently consolidating Day Three s results (the Day Three Acquisition ). 

The Company in these consolidated
financial statements refers to Rafael Holdings and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 

F- 9 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

IDT R.E. Holdings Ltd. Rafael Holdings Realty, Inc. Barer Institute, Inc. Hillview Avenue Realty, JV Hillview Avenue Realty, LLC Rafael Medical Devices, LLC Levco Pharmaceuticals Ltd. Farber Partners, LLC Pharma Holdings, LLC LipoMedix Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (Note 9) Altira Capital Consulting, LLC CS Pharma Holdings, LLC (Note 3) Day Three Labs, Inc. (Note 10) Cornerstone Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Note 4) RP Finance, LLC (Note 5) 

of CS Pharma Holdings, LLC is owned by Pharma Holdings,
LLC. We have a ownership in Pharma Holdings, LLC and, therefore, an effective interest in CS Pharma Holdings, LLC. The Company,
along with CS Pharma Holdings, LLC and Pharma Holdings LLC, collectively own securities representing of the outstanding capital stock
of Cornerstone. 

to . 

million, and available-for-sale securities valued at approximately million. The Company
expects the balance of cash and cash equivalents, and available-for-sale securities to be sufficient to meet its obligations for at least
the next 12 months from the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 10 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the Company s accounts receivable balance. As of July 31, 2023, there was one customer which represented
 of the Company s accounts receivable balance and one related party which represented of the Company s accounts receivable
balance. 

and of the Company s revenue, respectively.
For the year ended July 31, 2023, including revenue from discontinued operations, a related party tenant represented 42 of the Company s
revenue. 

thousand and for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The
Company recorded bad debt expense from discontinued operations of approximately and thousand for the years ended July 31, 2024
and 2023, respectively. 

F- 11 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 12 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Tenant improvements 
 - 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 - 
 
 Other (primarily office equipment, furniture and fixtures) 

million. The 520 Property serves as the Company s headquarters and has several other tenants, and includes a related 800-car
public parking garage. The Company determined that the 520 Property met the held-for-sale and discontinued operations criteria as of
July 1, 2022. The 520 Property was disposed of on August 22, 2022. 

F- 13 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Company did not record an impairment charge during the year ended July 31, 2024. 

F- 14 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 15 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

likely of being realized
upon ultimate settlement. Differences between tax positions taken in a tax return and amounts recognized in the financial statements
will generally result in one or more of the following: an increase in a liability for income taxes payable, a reduction of an income
tax refund receivable, a reduction in a deferred tax asset, or an increase in a deferred tax liability. 

F- 16 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 17 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the outstanding voting
interests of Cornerstone (the Cornerstone Acquisition ). For accounting purposes, Rafael was determined to be the acquirer,
as the Company has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of Cornerstone, a VIE, in accordance with ASC 810. For Rafael, the Cornerstone
Acquisition is the result of the Cornerstone Restructuring. As part of the Cornerstone Restructuring: 

(i) all issued and outstanding
shares of Cornerstone s preferred stock and non-voting common stock converted into shares of Cornerstone Common Stock (the Mandatory
Common Conversion on a one-for-one basis, which shares of Cornerstone Common Stock were then subjected to the Reverse Stock Split
(as defined below), including the conversion of Rafael s shares of Cornerstone s Series D Preferred Stock into 
shares of post-Reverse Stock Split Cornerstone Common Stock; 

(ii) Cornerstone offered shares
of Cornerstone s Common Stock to all holders of Cornerstone s promissory notes convertible into Cornerstone Series C preferred
stock (the Series C Convertible Notes who were Accredited Investors with the purchase price to be paid through conversion
of the outstanding principal amount and accrued interest on their Series C Convertible Notes held by each holder into Common Stock at
the Cornerstone Restructuring Common Stock Price as described below (the Series C Convertible Notes Exchange ). Approximately
 of the outstanding Series C Convertible Notes participated in the Series C Convertible Notes Exchange, and million of principal
and accrued interest outstanding on the Series C Convertible Notes was converted into shares of post-Reverse Stock Split Cornerstone
Common Stock. Series C Convertible Notes with an aggregate principal and accrued interest amount of million remaining outstanding,
of which Series C Convertible Notes with an aggregate principal and accrued interest amount of thousand were amended in the Cornerstone
Restructuring to (A) extend the maturity date thereof to May 31, 2028 and (B) provide that, on conversion thereof, the converting holder
will receive shares of Cornerstone Common Stock. The holders of these amended Series C Convertible Notes that remain outstanding waived
such holders rights in connection with the Cornerstone Restructuring. Series C Convertible Notes with an aggregate principal and
accrued interest amount of million remained outstanding and were not amended in connection with the Cornerstone Restructuring. The
principal and accrued interest are included in Convertible notes on the consolidated balance sheets; 

F- 18 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million of the outstanding principal and accrued interest under the RFL Line of Credit (as defined in Note 4) into
 shares of post-Reverse Stock Split Cornerstone Common Stock. The conversion of the RFL Line of Credit, inclusive of accrued
interest, into equity in Cornerstone represents a recovery of a previously written-off asset, and the Company recorded the recovery in
accordance with ASC 326, by recognizing a gain of million in the year ended July 31, 2024, in conjunction with and immediately
prior to the Cornerstone Restructuring equal to the fair value of the Cornerstone Common Stock, up to the amount of principal and accrued
interest on the instrument, that was received in settlement of the RFL Line of Credit in connection with the Cornerstone Restructuring.
Upon the consummation of the Cornerstone Acquisition, the investment was eliminated as Cornerstone became a majority-owned subsidiary
of Rafael and the difference between the investment s carrying value and its fair value included in purchase consideration, which
is based on the value of Cornerstone s Common Stock, resulted in a gain of million that was recorded to the Company s
additional paid-in capital given the related party nature of the transaction; 

(iv) Rafael converted the
approximately million of the outstanding principal and accrued interest pursuant to the 2023 Promissory Note (as defined in Note
4) into shares of post-Reverse Stock Split Cornerstone Common Stock. Prior to the Cornerstone Restructuring, the Company recorded
the 2023 Promissory Note at its fair value as the security was classified as available-for-sale. The 2023 Promissory Note is included
in the consideration paid at its fair value (which was deemed to be the fair value of the Cornerstone Common Stock received) in the Cornerstone
Acquisition in accordance with ASC 810-10-30-4. The Company recognized a gain of million in the year ended July 31, 2024 for
the realization of previously unrealized gains on the fair value of the 2023 Promissory Note in other comprehensive loss; 

(v) Cornerstone and RP Finance
amended the RPF Line of Credit (as defined in Note 5) to (i) extend the maturity date of the approximately million in borrowings
thereunder to May 31, 2028, (ii) limit the number of shares to be issued thereunder in respect of anti-dilution protection provided for
therein in connection with the Cornerstone Restructuring and to provide RP Finance shares of post-Reverse Stock Split Cornerstone
Common Stock so that following the Cornerstone Restructuring, RP Finance holds six percent of the outstanding Common Stock of Cornerstone
(the RPF 6 Top Up Shares ), (iii) terminate any anti-dilution protection in respect of such ownership interest following
consummation of the Cornerstone Restructuring, and (iv) terminate all future lending obligations of RP Finance under the RPF Line of
Credit (as so amended, the Amended RPF Line of Credit 

(vi) Rafael invested an additional
 million in cash in exchange for shares of post-Reverse Stock Split Cornerstone Common Stock; 

(vii) Cornerstone amended
and restated its certificate of incorporation, to, among other things, effect a reverse split of all of Cornerstone s capital stock
on a one-for-ten basis (the Reverse Stock Split ), set the number of authorized shares of Cornerstone Common Stock to be
sufficient for issuance of the Common Stock in the Cornerstone Restructuring and eliminate the authorized preferred stock not required
to be authorized as a result of the Mandatory Common Conversion; 

(viii) Cornerstone amended
prior agreements in place giving certain parties rights to designate members of the Board and those rights have been eliminated. All
directors are elected by the Cornerstone stockholders and as the majority stockholder, Rafael can control that vote. The Company has
entered into a voting agreement (the Voting Agreement whereby Rafael has agreed to maintain three directors of Cornerstone
that are independent of Rafael; and 

(ix) Cornerstone increased
the available reserve of Cornerstone Common Stock for grant to employees, consultants and other service providers to approximately 
of Cornerstone s fully diluted capital stock (the Reserve Increase ). 

Acquisition of Cornerstone 

As a result of the Cornerstone Restructuring,
Rafael became a owner of the issued and outstanding Common Stock of Cornerstone, which became a consolidated subsidiary of Rafael.
The Cornerstone Acquisition is accounted for as an acquisition of a VIE that is not a business in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company
was determined to be the accounting acquirer for financial reporting purposes. The guidance requires an initial screen test to determine
if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single asset or group of similar assets. If
that screen test is met, the acquired entity is not a business for financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, the Cornerstone Acquisition
will be accounted for as an asset acquisition as substantially all of the fair value of Cornerstone s gross assets is concentrated
within in-process research and development, an intangible asset. 

Under ASC 810, the initial consolidation of a
VIE shall not result in goodwill being recognized, and the acquirer shall recognize a gain or loss for the difference of (a) the sum
of (i) the fair value of any consideration paid, (ii) the fair value of any noncontrolling interests, and (iii) the reported amount of
any previously held interests, and (b) the net amount of the VIE s identifiable assets and liabilities recognized and measured
in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 ). In accordance with the calculation within ASC 810,
no gain or loss was recognized on the Cornerstone Acquisition. 

F- 19 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Fair value of 2023 Promissory Note 

Cash consideration 

(i) Total fair value of consideration paid 

(ii) Fair value of noncontrolling interests 

(iii) Reported value of previously held interests (1) 

Sum of (i), (ii), and (iii) 

. 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Other assets 

Acquired IPR D 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Series C Convertible Notes, short-term portion 

Due to related parties 

Other current liabilities 

Series C Convertible Notes, long-term portion 

Creditor payable, noncurrent 

Amended RPF Line of Credit 

Other liabilities 

Total 

In accordance with the calculation within ASC
810, no gain or loss was recognized on the initial consolidation of Cornerstone. The Company incurred transaction costs of thousand
for the year ended July 31, 2024 for consulting, legal, accounting, and other professional fees that have been expensed as general and
administrative expenses as part of the Cornerstone Restructuring, Cornerstone Acquisition, and RP Finance Consolidation. 

The Company recognized a gain in the amount of
 thousand on the reversal of a reserve on a receivable due from Cornerstone, which was fully reserved for by the Company due to the
Data Events. This receivable balance is then eliminated in consolidation against the corresponding payable balance acquired from Cornerstone
recorded in Cornerstone s Due to related parties balance in the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Cornerstone Acquisition. 

F- 20 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, of which million is attributable
to non-controlling interests, for the period from the closing date through July 31, 2024, which is included in the Company s consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended July 31, 2024. Cornerstone s results of operations included IPR D
expense of million, related to the IPR D asset acquired with no alternative future use, that was pushed down to the entity. 

Consolidation of RP Finance 

RP Finance, an entity in which the Company owns
a equity interest (previously accounted for as an equity method investment of Rafael), and in which an entity associated with members
of the family of Howard Jonas holds an additional equity interest, holds debt and equity investments in Cornerstone (which is included
in the Company s equity ownership interest in Cornerstone). In conjunction with the Cornerstone Acquisition, the Company reassessed
its relationship with RP Finance and, as a result of the Cornerstone Restructuring and resulting Cornerstone Acquisition, determined
that RP Finance is still a VIE and that the Company is now considered the primary beneficiary of RP Finance as the Company now holds
the ability to control repayment of the RPF Line of Credit, which directly impacts RP Finance s economic performance. Therefore,
the Company has consolidated RP Finance as a result of the Cornerstone Acquisition (the RP Finance Consolidation ). The
RP Finance Consolidation is accounted for as an acquisition of a VIE that is not a business in accordance with U.S. GAAP as RP Finance
does not meet the definition of a business under U.S. GAAP. 

Under ASC 810, the initial consolidation of a
VIE shall not result in goodwill being recognized, and the acquirer shall recognize a gain or loss for the difference of (a) the sum of
(i) the fair value of any consideration paid, (ii) the fair value of any noncontrolling interests, and (iii) the reported amount of any
previously held interests, and (b) the net amount of the VIE s identifiable assets and liabilities recognized and measured in accordance
with ASC 805. 

The following table presents, in accordance with
ASC 810, the sum of (i) the fair value of consideration paid, (ii) the fair value of noncontrolling interests, and (iii) the reported
amount of previously held interests (amounts in thousands): 

(iii) Reported value of previously held interests (1) 

Sum of (i), (ii), and (iii) 

of the equity interests in RP Finance,
accounted for as an equity method investment prior to the RP Finance Consolidation, represents a previously held interest in Cornerstone
that is included at its reported amount, or . 

F- 21 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Due from Cornerstone - Amended RPF Line of Credit 

Total 

In accordance with the calculation within ASC
810, a gain of million was recognized as an adjustment to Rafael s additional paid-in capital, due to the related parties
involved, upon the RP Finance Consolidation. The acquired RP Finance investment in Cornerstone of million, consisting of the fair
value of RP Finance s shares of post-Reverse Stock Split Cornerstone Common Stock, is eliminated in consolidation, as Cornerstone
is a consolidated subsidiary of Rafael with a corresponding decrease of million to Rafael s additional paid-in capital and corresponding
decrease of million to noncontrolling interests, equivalent to their respective proportionate ownership interest in RP Finance s
shares of Cornerstone Common Stock. 

The Company assumed Cornerstone s liability to
RP Finance under the Amended RPF Line of Credit at its fair value in the Cornerstone Acquisition and acquired RP Finance s receivable
from Cornerstone under the Amended RPF Line of Credit at its fair value in the RP Finance Consolidation. These intercompany amounts are
eliminated in consolidation. 

The consolidated financial statements include
the results of RP Finance subsequent to the closing date. The results of operations of RP Finance were insignificant. 

Pro Forma Financial Information 

The following table sets forth the pro forma
consolidated results of operations of Rafael, Cornerstone, and RP Finance after giving effect to the Cornerstone Restructuring, the Cornerstone
Acquisition, and the RP Finance Consolidation for the year ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, as if the Cornerstone Restructuring, the Cornerstone
Acquisition, and the RP Finance Consolidation had collectively occurred on August 1, 2022. 

Loss from operations 

Net loss from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders 

Net loss per share from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

The pro forma loss from operations for the year
ended July 31, 2023 includes the IPR D expense of million, related to the IPR D asset acquired in the Cornerstone
Acquisition with no alternative future use, which is reported in Rafael s historical financial statements for the year ended July 31,
2024. 

The pro forma net loss from continuing operations
attributable to common stockholders for the year ended July 31, 2023 includes a gain of million on the recovery of receivables
from Cornerstone and the recognition of a net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests of Cornerstone of 31.5 million, which are
reported in Rafael s historical financial statements for the year ended July 31, 2024. 

F- 22 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million shares of
Series D Preferred Stock of Cornerstone held by Pharma Holdings LLC Pharma Holdings ), a owned non-operating subsidiary
of the Company, and million shares of Series D Preferred Stock of Cornerstone held by CS Pharma Holdings LLC CS Pharma ),
a non-operating subsidiary of the Company (the Series D Preferred Stock ). Pharma Holdings owns of CS Pharma. Accordingly,
the Company holds an effective indirect interest in the assets held by CS Pharma. The Company serves as the managing member of Pharma
Holdings, and Pharma Holdings serves as the managing member of CS Pharma, with broad authority to make all key decisions regarding their
respective holdings. Any distributions that are made to CS Pharma from Cornerstone that are in turn distributed by CS Pharma will need
to be made pro rata to all members, which would entitle Pharma Holdings to (based on current ownership) of such distributions. Similarly,
if Pharma Holdings were to distribute proceeds it receives from CS Pharma, it would do so on a pro rata basis, entitling the Company
to (based on current ownership) of such distributions. Due to the Data Events, the Company previously recorded a full impairment
of the value of the Series D Preferred Stock included in the Company s cost method investment in Cornerstone; 

(b) a loan of million
by the Company to Cornerstone under a Line of Credit Agreement (the RFL Line of Credit ). Due to the Data Events, the Company
previously recorded a full reserve on the million in principal due to the Company, and on the accrued interest, from Cornerstone; 

(c) a million promissory
note (the 2023 Promissory Note from Cornerstone, bearing interest at a rate of seven and one-half percent per annum,
held by the Company. The 2023 Promissory Note was secured by a first priority security interest in all of Cornerstone s right,
title and interest in and to all of the tangible and intangible assets purchased by Cornerstone pursuant to the purchase agreement between
Cornerstone and Calithera Biosciences, Inc. Calithera ), which was a clinical-stage, precision oncology biopharmaceutical
company that was developing targeted therapies to redefine treatment for biomarker-specific patient populations, and all proceeds therefrom
and all rights to the data related to CB-839 (the Collateral ). The Company recorded the 2023 Promissory Note at fair value
and the security was classified as available-for-sale prior to the Cornerstone Restructuring; 

(d) a thousand receivable
balance due from Cornerstone, which was fully reserved for by the Company due to the Data Events; and 

(e) loans in the aggregate
amount of million by RP Finance to Cornerstone under a Line of Credit Agreement which provided for a revolving commitment of up
to million to fund clinical trials and other capital needs (the RPF Line of Credit , see Note 5). The Company owns 
of the equity interests in RP Finance and was required to fund of funding requests from Cornerstone under the RPF Line of Credit.
RP Finance also holds post-Reverse Stock Split shares of Cornerstone Common Stock RPF Historical Cornerstone Shares ),
issued to RP Finance in connection with entering into the RPF Line of Credit representing of the issued and outstanding shares of
Cornerstone Common Stock prior to the Cornerstone Restructuring, with such ownership interest subject to anti-dilution protection as
set forth in the RPF Line of Credit agreement. The Company accounted for its investment in RP Finance under the equity method. 

Due to the Data Events on October 28, 2021, the
Company recorded a full impairment for the assets recorded related to Rafael s cost method investment in Cornerstone, the amounts
due to Rafael under the RFL Line of Credit, and its investment in RP Finance. 

A trust for the benefit of the children of Howard
Jonas (Chairman of the Board and Executive Chairman and former Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Member of the Board of Cornerstone)
holds a financial instrument (the Instrument that owns of Pharma Holdings. The Instrument holds a contractual right
to receive additional shares of Cornerstone capital stock equal to of the fully diluted capital stock of Cornerstone (the Bonus
Shares upon the achievement of certain milestones, each of which the Company has determined not to be probable. The additional
 is based on the fully diluted capital stock of Cornerstone, at the time of issuance. If any of the milestones are met, the Bonus
Shares are to be issued without any additional payment. 

Prior to the Cornerstone Restructuring described
in Note 3, the Company indirectly owned of the issued and outstanding equity in Cornerstone and had certain governance rights, with
approximately of the issued and outstanding equity owned by the Company s subsidiary CS Pharma and owned by the Company s
subsidiary Pharma Holdings. 

Prior to the Cornerstone Restructuring, the Company
had determined that Cornerstone was a VIE; however, the Company had determined that it was not the primary beneficiary as it did not
have the power to direct the activities of Cornerstone that most significantly impact Cornerstone s economic performance. In addition,
the interests held in Cornerstone were Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and did not represent in-substance common stock. 

F- 23 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

to fund
clinical trials and other capital needs. In connection with entering into the RPF Line of Credit, Cornerstone issued to RP Finance 
shares (post-Reverse Stock Split) of Cornerstone Common Stock representing of the issued and outstanding shares of Cornerstone Common
Stock, with such interest subject to anti-dilution protection as set forth in the RPF Line of Credit. 

The Company owns of the equity interests
in RP Finance, an entity associated with members of the family of Howard Jonas owns of the equity interests in RP Finance, and
the remaining equity interests in RP Finance are owned by other stockholders of Cornerstone. 

RP Finance had funded a cumulative total of 
million to Cornerstone under the RPF Line of Credit, of which the Company had funded a cumulative total of million in accordance
with its ownership interests in RP Finance. Due to the Data Events, the amounts funded had been fully reserved. 

Prior to the Cornerstone Restructuring and resulting
RP Finance Consolidation described in Note 3, the Company had determined that RP Finance was a VIE; however, the Company had determined
that it was not the primary beneficiary as the Company did not have the power to direct the activities of RP Finance that most significantly
impacted RP Finance s economic performance and, therefore, was not required to consolidate RP Finance. Therefore, the Company used
the equity method of accounting to record its investment in RP Finance. 

On March 13, 2024, Cornerstone consummated the
Cornerstone Restructuring of its outstanding debt and equity interests. As part of the Cornerstone Restructuring, Cornerstone and RP
Finance amended the RPF Line of Credit agreement. See Note 3 for additional information regarding the Cornerstone Restructuring transaction. 

thousand in principal, and thousand of accrued interest thereon, of Series C Convertible Notes outstanding (the Series C
Convertible Notes ). The Series C Convertible Notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum and are due, together with accrued
interest, one year (unless amended) from date of issuance and automatically accelerate upon the sale of Cornerstone in its entirety or
the sale or license of substantially all of Cornerstone s assets or intellectual property. The Series C Convertible Notes (including
all accrued and unpaid interest thereon) automatically convert into the same class of securities (including stock warrants) sold in Cornerstone s
next equity financing (i) where Cornerstone receives gross proceeds of at least from Institutional Investors (a Qualified
Financing ), or (ii) from an underwritten initial public offering IPO ). The conversion price of the Series C Convertible
Notes upon a Qualified Financing shall be the lesser of (i) of the price per share (or unit) at which the securities in the Qualified
Financing are sold, or (ii) price per share (or unit) (whichever is less) at the holder s selection of (i) or (ii), and 
of the share price per share (or unit) at which securities in an IPO are first sold. 

The outstanding Series C Convertible Notes are
convertible, at the option of the holders, in certain equity financings consummated by Cornerstone or into equity securities and warrants
to purchase equity securities of Cornerstone. 

In the event of a liquidation event of Cornerstone
prior to the repayment or conversion of the Series C Convertible Notes, the holders are entitled to receive either (a) an amount equal
to the outstanding principal and interest due, or (b) the pro rata per share amount of the proceeds of such liquidation the holders would
be entitled to had they exercised their conversion right. 

Of the Series C Convertible Notes outstanding
as of July 31, 2024: 

(a) Series C Convertible
Notes with an aggregate principal amount of thousand remain outstanding and were not amended in connection with the Cornerstone
Restructuring. The interest accrued on these Series C Convertible Notes is thousand and is recorded in accrued expenses on the consolidated
balance sheet as of July 31, 2024. In the Cornerstone Acquisition, Rafael recorded these Series C Convertible Notes as current liabilities
at the value of their aggregate principal amount of thousand, and thousand of accrued interest thereon recorded in accrued
expenses on the consolidated balance sheet as of the date of the Cornerstone Acquisition, as these values approximate their fair values.
As of July 31, 2024, these Series C Convertible Notes are currently in default as they are beyond the maturity date; and 

F- 24 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

thousand were amended in the Cornerstone Restructuring to (i) extend the maturity date
thereof to May 31, 2028 and (ii) provide that, on conversion thereof, the converting holder will receive shares of Cornerstone Common
Stock. The holders of these amended Series C Convertible Notes that remain outstanding waived such holders rights in connection
with the Cornerstone Restructuring. The interest accrued on these Series C Convertible Notes is thousand as of July 31, 2024.
In the Cornerstone Acquisition, Rafael recorded these Series C Convertible Notes as noncurrent liabilities at their fair value of 
thousand, which considers the aggregate principal plus accrued interest. The Company will accrete the fair value of these Series C Convertible
Notes to the value of the principal plus accrued interest thereon as of the date of the Cornerstone Acquisition as interest expense in
the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss over the estimated term of these amended Series C Convertible Notes. 

During the year ended July 31, 2024, the
Company recorded thousand of interest expense in relation to the Cornerstone Series C Convertible Notes to interest expense on the
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued payroll expenses 

Accrued interest 

Other accrued expenses 

Total accrued expenses, current 

Creditor payable, noncurrent 

Total accrued expenses 

In the Cornerstone Acquisition, Rafael assumed
a forbearance agreement, signed by Cornerstone on June 2, 2023, with a major creditor (the Creditor of Cornerstone to
which Cornerstone owed approximately million arising from unpaid amounts in connection with work performed and costs incurred by
the Creditor under previous work orders. The outstanding balance does not bear interest. As part of Cornerstone s plan to seek
new capitalization, it paid million following the execution of a change order on July 21, 2023. Cornerstone also agreed to an additional
payment of upon the issuance of a FDA authorization to market any product of Cornerstone (the FDA Approval Payment ).
In the event Cornerstone completes a capital transaction which results in an aggregate of million in additional capital received
after January 1, 2023, Cornerstone agrees to pay an additional million to the Creditor within 15 days of such capital transaction
(the Capital Raise Payment ). In exchange for Cornerstone s agreement to make timely payments of the above-mentioned
sums due in the Agreement, and after the payment of the FDA Approval Payment and the Capital Raise Payment, the Creditor will waive approximately
 million of outstanding debt representing all remaining amounts due to the Creditor. 

Following the payment of the initial million,
and pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the Creditor agreed to forbear from exercising any of its rights, remedies or claims in respect
to the outstanding balance. The forbearance shall not be deemed to have otherwise waived, released, or adversely affected any of the
Creditor s rights, remedies or claims in respect to the outstanding balance. 

F- 25 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million as of the date of the Cornerstone
Acquisition. The Company will accrete the fair value of the creditor payable to the amount payable of million owed to the Creditor
as interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss over the estimated term of the forbearance agreement.
The Company recorded thousand of accretion in relation to the creditor payable recorded to interest expense in the consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss for year ended July 31, 2024. 

The carrying value of the creditor payable was
 million as of July 31, 2024 and is included in accrued expenses, noncurrent on the consolidated balance sheets. 

, together
with interest, on October 16, 2026. The convertible note will accumulate simple interest at the annual rate being the lesser of: (i)
the Bank of England base rate (updated on the first business day of each quarter) plus eight (8) percentage points, or (ii) (computed
on the basis of 365 days per year). Upon the closing and funding of a bona fide offering of equity securities by Steady State, LLC in
an aggregate amount of at least , the convertible note will automatically convert into the number of membership interests equal
to the outstanding principal plus accrued and unpaid interest divided by eighty percent of the price per membership unit in the
offering. If a qualifying bona fide offering has not occurred on or before the maturity date, the principal and unpaid accrued interest
of the convertible note may be converted, at the option of Day Three, into membership units. The convertible note receivable is classified
as available-for-sale and recorded at fair value - see Note 15. 

to LipoMedix with a maturity date of , and an interest rate of per annum.
As of September 1, 2021, LipoMedix was in default on the terms of the loan and as such, the interest rate has increased to per annum. 

On November 15, 2021, the Company entered into
a share purchase agreement with LipoMedix to purchase up to ordinary shares at per share for an aggregate purchase
price of million (the LipoMedix SPA ). Additionally, LipoMedix issued the Company a warrant to purchase up to 
ordinary shares at an exercise price of per share which expired on . 

As of the date of the LipoMedix SPA, there was
an outstanding loan balance including principal of thousand and accrued interest of thousand owed by LipoMedix to the Company
on a note made by LipoMedix in favor of the Company issued in March 2021. The amount due on the loan was netted against the approximately
 million aggregate purchase price due to LipoMedix, resulting in a cash payment by the Company of approximately million in exchange
for the shares purchased. As a result of the share purchase, the Company s ownership of LipoMedix increased to approximately
 with a noncontrolling interest of approximately . The Company recorded approximately thousand to adjust the carrying amount
of the noncontrolling interest to reflect the Company s increased ownership interest in LipoMedix s net assets. 

On February 9, 2023, the Company entered into
a Share Purchase Agreement with LipoMedix to purchase ordinary shares at per share for an aggregate purchase price of
 million (the 2023 LipoMedix SPA ). As a result of the share purchase, the Company s ownership of LipoMedix increased
to approximately with a noncontrolling interest of approximately . The Company recorded approximately thousand to adjust the
carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest to reflect the Company s increased ownership interest in LipoMedix s net assets. 

As of July 31, 2024, the Company held 
of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of LipoMedix and has consolidated LipoMedix from the second quarter of fiscal 2018. 

F- 26 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of common stock,
post DTL Reverse Stock Split (as defined below), representing of the outstanding shares of common stock of Day Three on a fully
diluted basis), for a purchase price of million. The Company also received a warrant exercisable for shares of common stock,
post DTL Reverse Stock Split, which expires from the date of issuance or earlier based on the occurrence of certain events
as defined in the Day Three Purchase Agreement (the Day Three Warrant ). 

Prior to January 2024, the Company accounted
for this investment as an equity method investment in accordance with the guidance in ASC 323, Investments Equity Method and
Joint Ventures . The Company determined that a ownership interest in Day Three and its right to designate two members of the Board
of Directors of Day Three (out of a current total of seven members) indicates that the Company is able to exercise significant influence. 

The Company determined that Day Three is a VIE;
however, the Company determined that, prior to January 2024, it was not the primary beneficiary as it did not have the power to direct
the activities that most significantly impacted Day Three s economic performance. The Company has therefore concluded it was not
required to consolidate Day Three. The Company used the equity method of accounting to record its investment in Day Three. 

Day Three s fiscal year ends on December
31 and, as a result, the Company recognizes its share of Day Three s earnings/loss on a one-month lag. For the years ended July
31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized approximately thousand and thousand of equity in loss of Day Three, based on its
proportionate share of Day Three s results through January 2, 2024, the effective date of the Day Three Acquisition, as discussed
below. The assets and operations of Day Three are not significant to the Company s assets or operations. 

Acquisition of Day Three 

In January 2024, the Company entered into a series
of transactions with Day Three and certain shareholders to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock, post DTL Reverse Stock
Split, of Day Three, acquiring a controlling interest of Day Three (the Day Three Acquisition ). As a result of the Day
Three Acquisition, the Company holds an aggregate of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Day Three. Day Three has
options and warrants outstanding that, if and when exercised, could dilute the Company s ownership interest in Day Three. In connection
with the Day Three Acquisition, the Day Three Warrant was terminated. The acquisition date was determined to be January 2, 2024, which
is the date that Rafael obtained a controlling interest of the common stock of Day Three. The Day Three Acquisition is being accounted
for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805. 

During the period of October 2023 through January
2024, the Company advanced to Day Three pursuant to a promissory note (the Day Three Note I ), to Day
Three pursuant to a promissory note (the Day Three Note II ), to Day Three pursuant to a third promissory note
(the Day Three Note III ), and to Day Three pursuant to a fourth promissory note (the Day Three Note IV (collectively, the Day Three Promissory Notes ). The Day Three Promissory Notes accrue interest at rate of between 
and per annum. 

The aggregate consideration of the Day Three
Acquisition was million, which consisted of 1) cash consideration of million, 2) accrued consideration of million, 3)
the exchange of principal and accrued interest amounts totaling to million owed by Day Three to the Company pursuant to the Day
Three Promissory Notes for common stock, and 4) the fair value of previously held interests in Day Three of million. 

F- 27 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accrued consideration 

Exchange of Day Three Promissory Notes for Common Stock 

Fair value of previously held interests (1) 

Total purchase consideration 

million recorded on the statements
of operations and comprehensive loss as a Loss on initial investment in Day Three upon acquisition. 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Goodwill 

Identifiable intangible assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Installment note payable 

Total fair value of net assets acquired 

Less: noncontrolling interest 

Net assets acquired attributable to Rafael 

The preliminary fair values of the assets acquired
and liabilities assumed in the Day Three Acquisition are subject to change as we perform additional reviews of our assumptions utilized.
During the year ended July 31, 2024, the Company recognized an adjustment which changed the fair value of certain
acquired liabilities and goodwill as a result of obtaining additional information about the estimated liabilities. Further adjustments
may be necessary as additional information related to the fair values of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and tax implications thereon
is assessed during the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date). 

The noncontrolling interest was recognized at
fair value, which was determined using the implied enterprise value based on the purchase price multiplied by the ratio of the number
of shares owned by minority holders to total shares, as of the acquisition date. 

Included in the acquired liabilities assumed
in the Day Three Acquisition is a non-interest bearing installment note payable of million. The installment note was recognized
by Day Three in relation to a 2021 asset purchase agreement for certain patents. The assumed installment note payable had a balance of
 thousand due January 2024 (which was paid in January 2024) and the remaining million due in November 2024. At July 31,
2024, the installment note payable has a remaining balance due of million which is included in Installment note payable on the consolidated
balance sheets. 

Goodwill of million arising from the Day
Three Acquisition was included in the Infusion Technology segment as of July 31, 2024 and was attributable to potential synergies
and an assembled workforce. The calculated goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. 

F- 28 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

years. 

The consolidated financial statements include
the results of the Day Three Acquisition subsequent to the closing date. Pro forma information is not presented as the acquisition was
not considered significant. 

On January 23, 2024, Day Three entered into an
asset purchase agreement for the sale of certain patents for thousand. 

On March 20, 2024, Day Three amended and restated
its certificate of incorporation to, among other things, effect a reverse split of all of Day Three s common stock on a one-for-one-thousand
basis (the DTL Reverse Stock Split ). 

On May 1, 2024, Rafael entered into a stock purchase
agreement with Day Three to purchase shares of common stock at a purchase price of per share for an aggregate purchase
price of million, million of which was funded through the relief of an existing intercompany receivable. As a result of the
transaction, Rafael has an ownership interest in Day Three. 

common shares (the
 Purchased Shares and (ii) a warrant to purchase common shares with an exercise price of per share (the
 May Warrant ), at a combined purchase price equal to per Purchased Share and May Warrant to purchase one share, for
an aggregate purchase price of million. The May Warrant is exercisable until August 1, 2030. 

Cyclo and the Company are party to a Registration
Rights Agreement requiring Cyclo to file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register the resale
of the shares and shares of common stock underlying the May Warrant, upon the request of Rafael. 

On August 1, 2023, pursuant to a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the Cyclo II SPA dated June 1, 2023, the Company purchased an additional shares of common stock (the
 Cyclo II Shares ), and received a warrant to purchase an additional Shares (the Cyclo II Warrant ),
for an aggregate purchase price of . The Cyclo II Warrant has an exercise price of per share and is exercisable until
August 1, 2030. The August 1, 2023 investment increased the Company s percentage ownership of Cyclo common stock to approximately 
at the time of investment. As of the date of this filing, the Company has not exercised the Cyclo II Warrant. 

On October 20, 2023, the Company exercised the
May Warrant to purchase common shares at an exercise price of per share, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement
dated October 20, 2023, and received a new warrant (the Replacement Warrant to purchase common shares at an
exercise price of per share. The Replacement Warrant is exercisable until October 20, 2027. As of the date of this report, the
Company had not exercised the Replacement Warrant. Both the Cyclo II Warrant and Replacement Warrant (collectively, the Cyclo
Warrants are subject to the restriction that exercise(s) do not convey more than ownership to the Company (the Cyclo
Blocker ). Upon exercise of the May Warrant, the Company recognized a realized gain of thousand. The October 20, 2023 investment
increased the Company s percentage ownership of Cyclo common stock to approximately at the time of investment. 

William Conkling, Rafael s CEO, serves on Cyclo s
Board of Directors. 

The Company has determined that Cyclo is a VIE;
however, the Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary as the Company does not have the power to direct the activities
of Cyclo that most significantly impact Cyclo s economic performance and, therefore, is not required to consolidate Cyclo. The Company
has elected to account for its investment in Cyclo under the fair value option, with subsequent changes in fair value recognized as unrealized
(gain) loss on investment - Cyclo in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. During the years ended July 31,
2024 and 2023, the Company recognized an unrealized gain of 37 thousand and 2.7 million related to its investment in Cyclo common stock
and warrants, respectively. 

Summarized Fair Value Method Investment Details 

The ownership percentage as of July 31,
2024 is comprised of the shares of common stock owned by the Company and does not include the Cyclo Warrants. The total aggregate fair
value of the Cyclo investment of as of July 31, 2024 is comprised of common shares with an aggregate fair value of 
and Cyclo Warrants with an aggregate fair value of . The total aggregate fair value of the Cyclo investment of as
of July 31, 2023 is comprised of common shares with an aggregate fair value of and the May Warrants with an aggregate
fair value of , see Note 15. 

Subsequent to year end, the Company entered into
an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Cyclo. See Note 27 for further details. 

F- 29 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million (the Cyclo Convertible Note I to the Company for million in cash. The Cyclo Convertible Note I was issued
with a maturity date of and bears interest at a rate of per annum, payable upon maturity. The principal amount of
the Cyclo Convertible Note I is convertible into shares of Cyclo s common stock at the option of the Company unless converted automatically
upon certain events, as defined in the Cyclo Convertible Note I Note Purchase Agreement. On October 8, 2024, the maturity date of Convertible
Note I was amended to be December 21, 2024, refer to Note 27. 

On July 16, 2024, the Company entered into a
First Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement with Cyclo, pursuant to which Cyclo issued and sold a convertible promissory note
in the principal amount of million (the Cyclo Convertible Note II to the Company for million in cash. The Cyclo
Convertible Note II was issued with a maturity date of and bears interest at a rate of per annum, payable upon maturity.
The principal amount of the Cyclo Convertible Note II is convertible into shares of Cyclo s common stock at the option of the Company
unless converted automatically upon certain events, as defined in the Cyclo Convertible Note II Note Purchase Agreement. On October 8,
2024, the maturity date of Convertible Note II was amended to be December 21, 2024, refer to Note 27. 

The Cyclo Convertible Note I and Cyclo Convertible
Note II are together referred to as the Cyclo Convertible Notes. 

In the event that Cyclo consummates any public
or private offering of its Equity Securities resulting in gross proceeds of at least (excluding this Note) (a Qualified
Financing at any time prior to the earlier of the Maturity Date and the repayment in full of this Note, then the outstanding
principal balance of the Cyclo Convertible Notes, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, will automatically convert into
shares of Cyclo s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ), at a conversion price equal to the
lesser of (i) (the Base Price ), and (ii) eighty percent of the purchase price paid by the investors purchasing
the Equity Securities in the Qualified Financing. For purposes of the Cyclo Convertible Notes, the term Equity Securities 
shall mean (1) any shares of Common Stock or preferred stock of Cyclo, (2) any security convertible or exchangeable for Common Stock
or preferred stock of Cyclo, and (3) any other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire Common Stock or preferred stock of Cyclo, in each
case issued in a Qualified Financing following the date hereof. 

In the event Cyclo consummates a Sale Transaction Sale Transaction as defined in the Cyclo Convertible Notes Agreements as a) the sale of all or substantially all
of Cyclo s assets, b) the consolidation or merger of Cyclo or any of its subsidiaries with or into any other corporation or other
entity or person or other similar transaction, or c) any other transaction or series of related transactions to which Cyclo is a party
in which in excess of fifty percent of Cyclo s voting securities are transferred) with (i) Rafael or its affiliates, the
Cyclo Convertible Notes shall be treated for as provided for in the terms of the definitive agreements relating to such Sale Transaction,
or (ii) a third party other than Rafael or its affiliates, at the election of the Rafael, either (x) the outstanding principal balance
of the Cyclo Convertible Notes, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, shall convert into that number of shares of Common
Stock at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (1) the base price of and (ii) eighty percent of the implied value of
Cyclo in the Sale Transaction, or (y) Cyclo will pay to Rafael an amount equal to the outstanding principal balance of the Cyclo Convertible
Notes, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, in full satisfaction of Cyclo s obligations under Cyclo Convertible
Notes. Additionally, the Cyclo Convertible Notes shall be convertible, in whole or in part, and from time to time, at the discretion
of Rafael, into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to the lowest of (i)
the base price (Cyclo Convertible Note I and Cyclo Convertible Note II), (ii) the closing price of the Common Stock on NASDAQ on the
trading date immediately preceding the date of conversion (Cyclo Convertible Note II, only) and (iii) of the purchase price paid
by the investors purchasing equity securities in any financing consummated within sixty (60) days preceding the date of conversion (Cyclo
Convertible Note II only). 

The Cyclo Convertible Notes are required to be
accounted for at fair value pursuant to ASC 825, Financial Instruments ASC 825 ), at their respective dates of issuance
and in subsequent reporting periods, as the Company elected to account for its prior investment in Cyclo common stock under the fair
value option. The Company has elected to present interest income from the Cyclo Convertible Notes, together with the changes in fair
value of the notes, along with the changes in fair value related to the investments in Cyclo, in unrealized gain on investments - Cyclo
on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. During the year ended July 31, 2024, the Company recognized an unrealized
gain of million, related to its investment in Cyclo Convertible Notes receivable. See Note 15 for further details. 

F- 30 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million in convertible notes receivable for million in cash. See Note 27 for further details. 

U.S. Agency bonds 

Corporate bonds 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Corporate bonds 

Total available-for-sale securities 

During the year ended July 31, 2024, the Company
reclassified approximately million of unrealized gains out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to the sale
of available-for-sale securities into realized gain on available-for-sale securities. During the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company
reclassified approximately thousand of unrealized gains out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to the sale
of available-for-sale securities into realized gain on available-for-sale securities. 

Corporate bonds, U.S. agency bonds, and U.S. Treasury Bills held as
of July 31, 2024 were all due within . 

Marketable securities in an unrealized loss position
as of July 31, 2024 and 2023 were not deemed impaired at acquisition. Effective August 1, 2023, the Company evaluates subsequent unrealized
losses to determine whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. No such credit losses have been
identified during the year ended July 31, 2024. 

F- 31 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million. 

The 520 Property was encumbered by a mortgage
securing a million note payable which was paid off in this transaction. See Note 20 for further information on the note payable.
After repaying the note payable, commissions, taxes, and other related costs, the Company received a net cash amount of approximately
 million at closing. 

Discontinued operations include (i) rental and
parking revenues, (ii) payroll, benefits, facility costs, real estate taxes, consulting and professional fees dedicated to the 520 Property,
(iii) depreciation and amortization expenses and (iv) interest (including amortization of debt issuance costs) on the note payable on
the 520 Property. The operating results of these items are presented in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss
as discontinued operations for all periods presented. 

Rental related party 

Parking 

Total revenue from discontinued operations 

Costs and expenses from discontinued operations: 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Interest expense 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Gain on disposal of discontinued operations 

Income from discontinued operations 

The gain on disposal of discontinued operations
of approximately million was derived from the gross proceeds of approximately million from the sale of the 520 Property, less
the carrying value of the 520 Property of approximately million, net of approximately million in transaction costs and the
write off of approximately million of deferred rental income. 

F- 32 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Available-for-sale securities - U.S. Treasury Bills 

Investment in Cyclo - Common Stock 

Convertible note receivables, due from Cyclo 

Investment in Cyclo - Warrants 

Hedge funds 

Convertible note receivable 

Total 

Available-for-sale securities - U.S. Treasury Bills 

Investment in equity securities 

Investment in Cyclo Therapeutics Inc. - Common Stock 

Investment in Cyclo Therapeutics Inc. - Warrants 

Hedge funds 

Convertible note receivable, related party 

Total 

As of July 31, 2024 and July 31, 2023,
the Company did not have any liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

F- 33 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Withdrawal from Hedge Fund Investments 

Unrealized gain on Hedge Fund 

Investment in Cyclo Warrants 

Unrealized loss on Cyclo Warrants 

Funding of Convertible note receivable, related party 

Unrealized gain on Convertible note receivable, related party 

Realized loss on Convertible note receivable, related party released from AOCI 

Conversion of convertible note receivable, related party 

Funding of Convertible note receivable 

Change in fair value of Convertible note receivable 

Funding of Cyclo Convertible Note I 

Funding of Cyclo Convertible Note II 

Unrealized gain on issuance of Cyclo Convertible Note I 

Unrealized gain on issuance of Cyclo Convertible Note II 

Change in fair value of Cyclo Convertible Notes 

Total loss included in other comprehensive loss 

Balance, end of period 

Hedge funds classified as Level 3 include investments
and securities which may not be based on readily observable data inputs. The availability of observable inputs can vary from security
to security and is affected by a wide variety of factors, including, for example, the type of security, whether the security is new and
not yet established in the marketplace, the liquidity of markets, and other characteristics particular to the security. The fair value
of these assets is estimated based on information provided by the fund managers or the general partners. Therefore, these assets are classified
as Level 3. During the year ended July 31, 2024, the Company requested a withdrawal from Hedge Fund Investments of million. The withdrawal
was funded during the three months ended January 31, 2024. 

Available-for-sale securities classified as Level
3 include a convertible note receivable, related party (see Note 8) which may not be based
on readily observable data inputs. The availability of observable inputs can vary and is affected by a wide variety of factors, including,
for example, the type of security, whether the security is new and not yet established in the marketplace, the liquidity of markets, and
other characteristics particular to the security. The fair value of this asset is estimated using a scenario-based analysis based on the
probability-weighted present value of future investment returns, considering each of the possible outcomes available to us, including
cash repayment, equity conversion, and collateral transfer scenarios. Estimating the fair value of the convertible note requires the development
of significant and subjective estimates that may, and are likely to, change over the duration of the instrument with related changes in
internal and external market factors. Therefore, this asset is classified as Level 3. 

The Company recognizes the fair value of the Cyclo
Warrants utilizing a Black-Scholes option pricing valuation model Black-Scholes model at acquisition and each reporting
date. The application of the Black-Scholes model utilizes significant assumptions, including expected volatility, expected life, marketability
discount and risk-free interest rate. In order to determine the volatility, we measured expected volatility based on several inputs, including
considering a peer group of publicly traded companies and the implied volatility of Cyclo s publicly-traded warrants. As a result of the
unobservable inputs that were used to determine the expected volatility of the Cyclo Warrants, the fair value measurement of these warrants
reflected a Level 3 measurement within the fair value measurement hierarchy. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury
zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of
the warrants is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The expected volatility is a key assumption or input
to the valuation of the Cyclo Warrants; however, changes in the expected volatility assumption will have less of an effect on the Black-Scholes
model valuation as the Cyclo Warrants approach their expiration. The Cyclo Warrants are subject to limits on exercise and any sales of
the underlying shares of common stock would be subject to volume restrictions for which a discount to the stock price of Cyclo was applied.
The Black-Scholes model further incorporated a discount for the overall lack of marketability for the Cyclo Warrants. 

F- 34 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

- Exercise Price - Expected Volatility - Risk - Free Rate [2] - Marketability Discount - Remaining Term (Years) - Fair Value per Warrant [3] 

to . 

The Company used a scenario-based analysis to
estimate the fair value of the Cyclo Convertible Notes based on the probability-weighted present value of future investment returns, considering
each of the possible outcomes available to the Company, including cash repayment and equity conversion. Estimating the fair values of
the Cyclo Convertible Notes requires the development of significant and subjective estimates that may, and are likely to, change over
the duration of the instrument with related changes in internal and external market factors. The four scenarios included maturity, a subsequent
financing, a change in control, and an event of default, whereby total probability of one-hundred percent is allocated across the
four scenarios, at issuance and each subsequent reporting period. With respect to the scenario reflecting maturity of the Cyclo Convertible
Notes, the associated volatility assumption reflects voluntary conversion of the Cyclo Convertible Notes prior to their respective maturities.

- 
 - 

Conversion price 

Dividend 

Risk free rate 
 - 
 - 

Stock price 

Term 
 - years 
 - years 
 years 
 years 
 
 Equity volatility 
 - 
 - 

Black-Scholes Merton Call Value 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

The Company holds and thousand as of July 31,
2024 and July 31, 2023, respectively, in investments in securities in another entity that are not liquid, which were included in
Investments - Other Pharmaceuticals in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The investment was liquidated during the year ended
July 31, 2024. The investment was accounted for under ASC 321, Investments - Equity Securities , using the measurement alternative
as defined within the guidance. 

Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments 

The estimated fair value of the Company s
other financial instruments was determined using available market information or other appropriate valuation methodologies. However, considerable
judgment is required in interpreting these data to develop estimates of fair value. Consequently, the estimates are not necessarily indicative
of the amounts that could be realized or would be paid in a current market exchange. 

F- 35 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accounts receivable - related party 

Less allowance for credit losses 

Accounts receivable, net 

Machinery and equipment 

Other 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total 

Other property and equipment consist of other
equipment and miscellaneous computer hardware. 

Depreciation expense and amortization pertaining
to property and equipment was approximately thousand and thousand for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

F- 36 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Balance as of July 31, 2024 

Intangible assets 

Non-compete Agreements Total Intangible Assets 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total 

Amortization
of intangible assets totaled thousand for the year ended July 31, 2024, and is included in depreciation and amortization expense within
the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

F- 37 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Shares issuable upon vesting of restricted stock 

The diluted loss per share computation equals
basic loss per share for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 because the Company had a net loss from continuing operations in all such
periods and the impact of the assumed vesting of restricted shares and exercise of stock options would have been anti-dilutive. 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Numerator for net loss from continuing operations 

Numerator for discontinued operations 

Net loss attributable to Rafael Holdings, Inc. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average basic and diluted shares outstanding 

Loss per share attributable to common stockholders 

Basic and diluted: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Total basic and diluted loss per share 

million (the Note Payable from Lender to Borrower secured by
(i) a first mortgage on 520 Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey 07102, and (ii) a first priority security interest in the equity of the Borrower
as set forth in the Pledge and Security Agreement between Realty and Lender. 

The Loan
Agreement contained customary affirmative covenants, negative covenants and events of default, as defined in the Loan Agreement, including
covenants and restrictions that, among other things, restricted the Borrower s ability to incur liens, or transfer, lease or sell
the collateral as defined in the Loan Agreement. A failure to comply with these covenants would have permitted the Lender to declare the
Borrower s obligations under the Loan Agreement, together with accrued interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable. The
Company was in compli ance with the covenants in the Loan Agreement as of July 31, 2022. The Company extended the maturity date
to and paid an extension fee of on July 29, 2022. 

F- 38 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and accrued interest of approximately 
on the Note Payable. See Note 14 for further details on the subsequent sale of the 520 Property. 

Interest expense under the Note Payable, which
is recognized in loss on discontinued operations, amounted to and thousand for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

thousand and thousand for services during the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 ,
respectively, of w hich thousand is included in due to related parties at July 31, 2024 and 2023. 

IDT leased, prior to the Company s sale of the
520 Property, approximately square feet of office space plus parking at the 520 Property and currently leases approximately 
square feet of office space in Jerusalem, Israel. The Company invoiced IDT approximately thousand a nd
 thousand for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. As of July 31,
2024 and 2023 , IDT owed the Company approximately thousand and thousand,
respectively, for office rent and parking plus Israeli value added tax. 

Genie Energy Ltd. 

Genie Energy Ltd. Genie ), a related
party through common ownership and some common members of management, leased office space at 520 Broad Street prior to the Company s
sale of the 520 Property. The Company invoiced Genie approximately thousand which is included in discontinued operations during the
year ended July 31, 2023. 

Related Party Rental Income 

The Company leased space to related parties (including
IDT Corporation see above) which represented approximately and of the Company s total revenue for the years ended
July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The portion of related party rental income pertaining to the 520 Property has been classified in
discontinued operations on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended July 31, 2023. 

Howard Jonas, Chairman of the Board, Former
Chief Executive Officer 

On July 31, 2023, eight trusts, each for the benefit
of a child of Howard S. Jonas, the Company s Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board, with independent trustees, transferred
an aggregate of shares of Class A common stock of the Company (representing all of the issued and outstanding shares of the Class
A common stock of the Company, and of the aggregate voting power of all issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company)
to a limited partnership. Howard Jonas is the sole manager of the sole general partner of the limited partnership and, therefore, has
sole voting and dispositive power over the shares of Class A common stock held by the limited partnership. Following the transfer, Mr.
Jonas is the controlling stockholder of the Company and the Company is a controlled company as defined in Section 303A of the New York
Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual. 

During the year ended July 31, 2024, the
Company paid Sam Beyda, who serves as Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Day Three and is Howard Jonas son-in-law, a salary
in the amount of thousand. 

F- 39 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Foreign 

Loss before income taxes 

Federal 

State 

Total current benefit 

Deferred: 

Foreign 

Federal 

State 

Total deferred benefit 

Benefit from income taxes 

Permanent items - Cornerstone Acquisition 

Nondeductible items 

State income tax 

Foreign operations 

Other 

Cornerstone Acquisition impact to deferred tax assets 

Derecognition of Cornerstone investment due to Cornerstone Acquisition 

Sales of state NOLs 

Change in valuation allowance 

Benefit from income taxes 

During the year ended July 31, 2024, the
Company received proceeds of approximately million from the sale of the Company s 2020-2022 New Jersey NOLs totaling 
million through the New Jersey Technology Business Tax Certificate Transfer Program. During the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company
received proceeds of approximately thousand from the sale of the Company s 2019 New Jersey NOLs totaling million through
the New Jersey Technology Business Tax Certificate Transfer Program. 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects
of temporary differences between carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for
income tax purposes. Realization of net deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, if any, the timing and amount of which
are uncertain. 

F- 40 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Unrealized loss 

R D credits, net of uncertain tax position 

Capitalized Sec. 174 research and experimental expenditures 

Stock-based compensation 

Depreciation 

Reserves and accruals 

Charitable contributions 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Unrealized gain 

Amortization 

Total deferred tax liabilities: 

Deferred tax liability, net 

The Company continually evaluates the likelihood
of the realization of deferred tax assets and adjusts the carrying amount of the deferred tax assets by the valuation allowance to the
extent the future realization of the deferred tax assets is more likely than not. The Company considers many factors when assessing the
likelihood of future realization of its deferred tax assets, including its recent cumulative earnings experience by taxing jurisdiction,
expectation of future taxable income or loss, the carryforward periods available to the Company for tax reporting purposes, and other
relevant factors. 

Deferred tax assets established for the excess
outside tax basis of an investee are derecognized upon the event that the investee becomes a domestic subsidiary as a result of a business
combination or consolidation, as it is likely that the deferred tax asset will no longer qualify for recognition. During the year ended
July 31, 2024, the Company derecognized unrealized loss deferred tax assets related to prior investments in Cornerstone and Day Three
as a result of the Cornerstone Acquisition and Day Three Acquisition, respectively. 
 As of July 31, 2024, based on the Company s
history of losses and its assessment of future losses, management believes that it is more likely than not that future taxable income
will not be sufficient to realize the deferred tax assets. Therefore, a valuation allowance has been applied to deferred tax assets. 

Effective for tax years beginning after December
31, 2021, taxpayers are required to capitalize any expenses incurred that are considered incidental to research and experimentation R E activities under IRC Section 174. While taxpayers historically had the option of deducting these expenses under IRC Section 174, the December
2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act mandates capitalization and amortization of R E expenses for tax years beginning after December 31, 2021.
Expenses incurred in connection with R E activities in the US must be amortized over a -year period and R E expenses incurred
outside the US must be amortized over a -year period. R E activities are broader in scope than qualified research activities that
are considered under IRC Section 41 (relating to the research tax credit). 

 As of July 31, 2024, the Company has federal,
state, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million, million and million, respectively. Federal
net operating loss carryforwards in the amount of million begin expiring in and approximately million have an indefinite
life. Federal NOL carryforwards generated after tax year 2021 are subject to an limitation on taxable income, do not expire and will
carryforward indefinitely. State net operating loss carryforwards in the amount of million begin expiring in . Foreign net operating
loss carryforwards in the amount of million have an indefinite life. 

F- 41 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Balance, end of year 

operating
segments, Healthcare, Infusion Technology and Real Estate. The Company s reportable segments are distinguished by types of service,
customers and methods used to provide their services. The operating results of these business segments are regularly reviewed by the Company s
Chief Executive Officer who is the chief operating decision-maker. Following the Day Three Acquisition, the chief operating decision-maker
began reviewing the operating results of Day Three and in accordance with the Company s accounting policy, the Company concluded this
resulted in a new operating segment, which the Company refers to as Infusion Technology. 

The accounting policies of the segments are the
same as the accounting policies of the Company as a whole. The Company evaluates the performance of its Healthcare segment based primarily
on research and development efforts and results of clinical trials and the Infusion Technology and Real Estate segments based primarily
on results of operations. 

The Healthcare segment is comprised of a majority
equity interest in LipoMedix, Barer, Cornerstone and Rafael Medical Devices. To date, the Healthcare segment has not generated any revenues. 

F- 42 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Loss) income from operations 

(Loss) income from operations 

Total assets by segment are not provided to or reviewed by the CODM. 

Geographic Information 

Infusion Technology Segment 

Revenue from the Infusion Technology segment is entirely from customers
located in the United States. 

Real Estate Segment 

Revenues from tenants located outside of the United
States were generated entirely from related parties located in Israel. 

Assets 

Total assets 

July 31, 2023 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Total assets 

F- 43 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per year and continue for the term of the agreement, which
expires in 2026. The license maintenance fees are replaced by minimum royalties of during the first year following governmental
approval to market products and escalates to during the term of the agreement. Cornerstone is also responsible to pay fees
on any sub-licensing of the licensed patents. Cornerstone may credit each annual license maintenance fee in full against all royalties
and sublicensing fees due during the same calendar year. Cornerstone may terminate the license agreement upon days notice. Either
party may terminate the license agreement if the other party commits any material breach of any covenant or promise and does not cure
such breach within days of the receipt of written notice of such material breach. In May 2017, Cornerstone renegotiated the agreement
referred to as the second license. In exchange for a waiver of certain product development milestones, Cornerstone modified
the agreement to pay a low single digit percentage royalty for a duration of on Net Sales of product sold after the expiration
of the licensed patent and potentially up to . As of July 31, 2024, there are no products being marketed which are covered
by the patents under the license agreement. 

The remaining minimum payments required under
the license agreement, assuming the agreement is not terminated by Cornerstone, excluding any escalation for receiving government marketing
approval subsequent to July 31, 2018, are per year. The agreement may continue until January 1, 2029 (if not earlier terminated). 

Cornerstone s second license continues until
the termination of the later of the last to expire patent or royalty obligation under the agreement on a country-by-country basis (currently,
or as otherwise provided in the license agreement). percent of the maintenance fee payments, up to million, may be credited
against the potential future royalty payments, calculated on a single digit percentage of net sales, as defined, that Cornerstone would
have to make to the license holder should royalties be paid. The agreement may be terminated on days written notice after default
by the other party if said default is not cured within 30 days of receipt of notice by the defaulting party. In addition, Cornerstone
may terminate the agreement on days written notice to the license holder. Royalties are due based on Gross Sales, as defined,
for products sold relating to patented and unpatented technology, and shall terminate on the 15 th anniversary of the first
commercial sale of the product in the corresponding country or territory. Sublicense payments are due in connection with any sublicense
fees received relating to patented and non-patented products related to the patented technology and proprietary know-how, as provided
in the agreement. As of July 31, 2024, there were no products being marketed which are covered by the patents under the license agreement.
There were no additional annual license maintenance fees required beyond 2010. 

As part of a royalty agreement, Cornerstone is
obligated to pay royalties, based upon percentage (low single digit) of net sales, to Altira Capital and Consulting LLC Altira ),
a consolidated subsidiary of the Company. The royalty obligations remain in effect, on a country-by-country basis, until the last to expire
patent claims associated with such products and services expire or are no longer in force. No payments have been made in connection with
a royalty pool. As of July 31, 2024, the last to expire patent claim is to remain in force until fiscal 2034. 

million of the Company s Class B common stock. Under the 2023 Share Repurchase Program, the Company was authorized to purchase,
at purchase prices up to per share, shares of its Class B common stock from time to time until June 16, 2023 (the Plan Termination
Date ). In July 2023, the 2023 Share Repurchase Program was amended to extend the Plan Termination Date to July 1, 2024. On December
22, 2023, the Company suspended the share repurchase program through the Plan Termination Date. 

F- 44 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of its Class B common stock for a total cost of thousand under the 2023 Share Repurchase Program. 

Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock 

The rights of holders of Class A common stock
and Class B common stock are identical except for certain voting and conversion rights and restrictions on transferability. The holders
of Class A common stock and Class B common stock receive identical dividends per share when and if declared by the Company s Board
of Directors. In addition, the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock have identical and equal priority rights per share
in liquidation. The Class A common stock and Class B common stock do not have any other contractual participation rights. The holders
of Class A common stock are entitled to three votes per share and the holders of Class B common stock are entitled to one-tenth of a vote
per share. Each share of Class A common stock may be converted into one share of Class B common stock, at any time, at the option of the
holder. Shares of Class A common stock are subject to certain limitations on transferability that do not apply to shares of Class B common
stock. 

On May 27, 2021, the Company filed a Registration
Statement on Form S-3, whereby the Company may sell up to million of Class B common stock. This Registration Statement was declared
effective on June 7, 2021. 

On June 1, 2021, the Company filed a Registration
Statement on Form S-3 to issue shares of Class B common stock for payment due on the purchase of Altira, an investment which has
been subsequently fully impaired. 

On August 19, 2021, the Company entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Institutional Purchase Agreement with certain third-party institutional investors (the
 Institutional Investors and a Securities Purchase Agreement with I9Plus, LLC, (the Jonas Purchase Agreement ),
an entity affiliated with Howard S. Jonas, the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company. Additionally, pursuant to the Jonas Purchase Agreement, the Company issued shares of Class
B common stock to I9Plus, LLC, at a purchase price equal to per share, which was equal to the closing price of a share of the Class
B common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on August 19, 2021 (the Jonas Offering ). The Jonas Offering resulted in additional
aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million. The total net proceeds from the issuance of shares were million after deducting
transaction costs of million. 

On August 19, 2021, in connection with the Institutional
Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Institutional Investors whereby the Company agreed
to prepare and file a registration statement with the SEC within 30 days after the earlier of (i) the date of the closing of the Merger
Agreement, and (ii) the date the Merger Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, for purposes of registering the resale of
the Institutional Shares and any shares of Class B common stock issued as a dividend or other distribution with respect to the Institutional
Shares. 

On February 15, 2022, the Company filed a Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (as amended on March 2, 2022) registering the resale by the Institutional Investors of the shares purchased by them.
The Registration Statement was declared effective on March 7, 2022. 

In March 2018, the Company established its 2018
Equity Incentive Plan. On January 19, 2022, the Company s stockholders approved the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ).
The 2018 Equity Incentive Plan was suspended and replaced by the 2021 Plan and, following January 19, 2022, no new grants are to be awarded
under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. Existing grants under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan will not be impacted by the adoption of the
2021 Plan. Any of the Company s employees, directors, consultants, and other service providers, and those of the Company s
affiliates, are eligible to participate in the 2021 Plan. In accordance with applicable tax rules, only employees (and the employees of
parent or subsidiary corporations) are eligible to be granted incentive stock options. The 2021 Plan authorizes stock options (both incentive
stock options or non-qualified stock options), stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and cash or other
stock-based awards. On January 19, 2022, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-8 registering shares of Class
B common stock reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan. On November 28, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment
to the 2021 Plan that, among other things, increases the number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock available for the
grant of awards thereunder by an additional , which the stockholders approved on January 23, 2023. The maximum number of shares
of Class B common stock that may be issued under the 2021 Plan is shares. As of July 31, 2024, there were shares
still available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. 

F- 45 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of
the Company s Class B common stock to I9 Plus, LLC at a price per share of and an aggregate sale price of million. 

Employment Agreement 

On June 13, 2022, the Company entered into an
employment agreement with Howard S. Jonas (who serves as the Chairman of the Board and Executive Chairman of the Company) (the Employment
Agreement ), which provides, among other things: (i) a term of (subject to extension unless either party elects not to
renew); (ii) an annual base salary of , of which is payable through the issuance of restricted shares of the Company s
Class B common stock with the value of the shares based upon the volume weighted closing price of the Class B Stock on the NYSE on the
thirty days ending with the NYSE trading day immediately preceding the issuance to be issued within thirty days of the date of the Employment
Agreement (the Start Date and each annual anniversary, and such shares vesting, contingent on Mr. Jonas remaining
in continuous service to the Company, in substantially equal amounts on the three, six, nine and twelve month anniversaries of the Start
Date or annual anniversary; and (iii) a grant of restricted shares of Class B common stock with a value of , issuable within 30
days with the value of the shares based upon the volume weighted closing price of the Class B common stock on the NYSE on the 30 days
ending with the NYSE trading day immediately preceding the issuance and such shares, and vesting, contingent on Mr. Jonas remaining in
continuous service to the Company, in substantially equal amounts on the first and second annual anniversaries of the Start Date. On June
19, 2024, the Employment Agreement was amended to provide an annual base salary of , of which is payable through the
issuance of Class B common stock in accordance with the terms defined above. 

Stock Options 

Granted 
 Expired 
 
 Cancelled / Forfeited 

Outstanding at July 31, 2023 
 Granted 
 Outstanding at July 31, 2024 
 Exercisable at July 31, 2024 

The weighted average grant date fair value per
unit for the options granted during the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, was and , respectively. At July 31, 2024,
there were unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested stock options of million, which are expected to be recognized over
the next years from July 31, 2024. 

F- 46 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Expected term (in years) Expected volatility Expected dividend yield 

Rafael Medical Devices Stock Options 

The Rafael Medical Devices 2022 Equity Incentive
Plan (the RMD 2022 Plan was created and adopted by the Company in May 2022. The RMD 2022 Plan allows for the issuance of
up to shares of Class B common stock which may be awarded in the form of incentive stock options or restricted shares. 

In connection with the conversion of Rafael Medical
Devices from a Delaware corporation to a Delaware limited liability company, Rafael Medical Devices adopted the Rafael Medical Devices,
LLC 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the RMD 2023 Plan in August 2023. The RMD 2023 Plan allows for issuance of up to 
Class A Units (the Units ). There were Units available for issuance under the RMD 2023 Plan as of July 31, 2024. 

Rafael Medical Devices, LLC records compensation
expense for stock-based awards based upon an assessment of the grant date fair value for options using the Black-Scholes model. The expected
term was determined according to the simplified method, which is the average of the vesting tranche dates and the contractual term. Due
to the lack of company specific historical and implied volatility data, the estimate of expected volatility is primarily based on the
historical volatility of a group of similar companies that are publicly traded. For these analyses, characteristics from comparable companies
are selected, including enterprise value and position within the industry, and with historical share price information sufficient to meet
the expected life of the share-based awards. The risk-free interest rate is determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury Constant Maturity
Treasury rates with remaining maturities similar to the expected term of the options. Expected dividend yield is zero as Rafael Medical
Devices, LLC has never paid cash dividends and does not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

- 
 
 Expected term (in years) 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

Granted 

Outstanding at July 31, 2023 
 Granted 
 Cancelled / Forfeited 
 
 Outstanding at July 31, 2024 
 Exercisable at July 31, 2024 

F- 47 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. At July 31, 2024, the total unrecognized compensation
related to stock option awards granted was thousand, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted average period of approximately
 years. 

Cornerstone Stock Options 

Cornerstone has outstanding stock options and
non-qualified options to purchase Cornerstone s common stock which were granted under Cornerstone s 2009 and 2018 Stock Incentive Plans
(the Plans ), as well as additional options issued during a prior capital raise. 

At July 31, 2024, there were options
outstanding granted under the Plans that are vested with a weighted average exercise price of per share and a weighted average
remaining contractual term of years. The fair value of outstanding options granted under the Plans assumed during the Cornerstone
Acquisition were determined to be de minimis. 

In connection with Cornerstone s 2003 common
stock offerings, Cornerstone entered into an option agreement with an individual in connection with identifying investors. The option
agreement grants the right to purchase an option (a Purchase Option to purchase Class A Options Class A
Options ), which allows the purchase of shares of common stock for each Class A Option at per share. In order to secure
this Class A Option, a Purchase Option must initially be purchased for per potential share of Class A options. Upon exercise of
each Class A Option, a right is granted to one Class B Option Class B Options ), which allow the purchase of shares
of common stock for each Class B Option at per share. The expiration date of the Class A Options is the later of October 29, 2005
or six months from the date the Company s shares become publicly traded. The Class B Options expire 180 days from the exercise of
the Class A Options. In 2003, options (the Cornerstone Common Options were granted with an exercise price of 
per share to a 2003 investor. These Cornerstone Common Options are set to expire 180 days following the closing of an IPO, or from the
date Cornerstone s shares become publicly traded. The fair value of the Class A Options, Class B Options, and Cornerstone Common
Options assumed during the Cornerstone Acquisition were determined to be de minimis. 

As part of the Cornerstone Restructuring, as detailed
in Note 3, Cornerstone increased the available reserve of Cornerstone Common Stock for grant to employees, consultants and other service
providers to approximately of Cornerstone s capital stock following the Cornerstone Restructuring, the Mandatory Common Conversion
and the Reverse Stock Split (the Reserve Increase but prior to the issuance of the RPF Top Up Shares or any shares to
the holders of the Remaining Series C Convertible Notes after the Closing. 

Restricted Stock 

The fair value of restricted shares of the Company s
Class B common stock is determined based on the closing price of the Company s Class B common stock on the grant date. Share awards
generally vest on a graded basis over three years of service. 

In January 2022, the Company granted restricted
shares of Class B common stock to non-employee directors, of which were granted under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, and 
of which were granted under the 2021 Plan. The restricted shares vested immediately on the grant date. The share-based compensation cost
was approximately thousand, which was included in general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss. 

On February 1, 2022, the Company issued 
shares of Class B restricted stock to two executive officers. Approximately of the restricted shares vested in December 2022, with
the remaining shares vesting ratably each quarter through December 2025. 

On June 14, 2022, the Company issued shares
of Class B restricted stock to Howard S. Jonas. 

In January 2023, the Company issued shares
of Class B restricted stock to certain members of its Board of Directors, and shares of Class B restricted stock to its Chief
Financial Officer. 

During January 2023, shares of Class B
restricted stock were cancelled or forfeited due to (i) the cancellation of shares of restricted stock in connection with the
departure of the Company s former Chief Financial Officer and (ii) the remaining shares forfeited upon the termination of certain employees
of the Company. 

F- 48 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, which is included in general and administrative expense on the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive
loss for the year ended July 31, 2023. 

In connection with the termination of Mr. Fabbio s
position as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, there was a material forfeiture of his Class B restricted shares and stock options
resulting in a reversal of approximately thousand in stock-based compensation expense for the year ended July 31, 2023 that was previously
recorded to selling, general and administrative expense. 

On August 28, 2023, the Company issued 
shares of Class B restricted stock to Howard S. Jonas. 

On October 25, 2023, the Company issued 
shares of Class B restricted stock to employees of the Company. 

On January 5, 2024, the Company issued 
shares of Class B restricted stock to certain members of its Board of Directors. 

On June 13, 2024, the Company issued shares
of Class B restricted stock to Howard S. Jonas. 

Granted 

Vested 

Cancelled / Forfeited 

Outstanding at July 31, 2023 

Granted 

Vested 

Non-vested shares at July 31, 2024 

At July 31, 2024, there was million
of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based compensation arrangements, which is expected to be recognized
over the next . 

Research and development 

Forfeiture of RSUs within general and administrative 

Forfeiture of RSUs within research and development 

Net stock-based compensation expense 

Securities Purchase Agreement 

On December 7, 2020, Rafael Holdings entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA for the sale of shares of the Company s Class B common stock at
a price per share of (which was the closing price for the Class B common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on December 4, 2020,
the trading day immediately preceding the date of the SPA) for an aggregate purchase price of million. 

F- 49 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million of the proceeds received
pursuant to the SPA were used by the Company to exercise an additional portion of a warrant in order to maintain the Company s relative
position in Cornerstone in light of issuances of Cornerstone equity securities to third-party shareholders of Cornerstone, due to warrant
exercises by these shareholders. Under the SPA, two entities, on whose Boards of Directors Howard Jonas (the Registrant s Chairman
of the Board and former Chief Executive Officer) serves, each purchased shares of Class B common stock for consideration of 
million each. The shares and warrants were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration provided for under Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Equity-classified Warrants 

In connection with the SPA entered into on December
7, 2020, each purchaser was granted warrants to purchase twenty percent of the shares of Class B common stock purchased by such
purchaser. The Company issued warrants to purchase shares of Class B common stock to the purchasers. The warrants are exercisable
at a per share exercise price of , and are exercisable at any time on or after December 7, 2020 through June 6, 2022. The Company
determined that these warrants are equity-classified. 

On June 6, 2022, the Company s outstanding warrants
to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share expired. As of July 31, 2024, the Company had no outstanding
warrants. 

Lease income included on the consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss was thousand and thousand for the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
During the years ended July 31, 2024 and 2023, no real estate property taxes were included in rental income. 

Total Minimum Future Rental Income 

par value per share Rafael Class B Common Stock in the Business Combination (as defined below) requires approval by the Company s stockholders (the Rafael Shareholder Vote ).
Upon such approvals and satisfaction or waiver of all other conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement and the effectiveness of a registration
statement on Form S-4 to register the shares of Rafael Class B Common Stock of Rafael to be issued in the Business Combination, as defined
below, the Business Combination will be consummated (the date upon which is referred to as the Closing Date ). 

F- 50 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Total Net Cash Amount is defined
in the Merger Agreement as (a) the sum of the total of (i) cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of Rafael as of the Closing
Date; and (ii) Included Assets (as defined below), minus (b) the amount of Rafael s current liabilities (on an unconsolidated basis),
including, without limitation, accounts payable and accrued expenses, as of the end of the last month immediately prior to the Closing
Date, updated for material changes to such amounts following such date until the Closing Date, and determined in a manner consistent with
the manner such liabilities were historically reflected in Rafael s financial statements. 

The Included Assets is defined in
the Merger Agreement as the appraised value of the real estate located at 5 Shlomo Levy Street, Har Hotzvim Jerusalem and the value of
the Globis Capital Partners, L.P. holdings as of the latest calendar quarter ending prior to the First Effective Time. Total Loan Amount
shall mean the outstanding principal amount of all amounts loaned by Rafael to Cyclo between June 11, 2024 and the Closing, including,
without limitation, the Cyclo Convertible Notes, Cyclo Convertible Note III (as defined below) and Cyclo Convertible Note IV (as defined
below), plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon as of the date of the Closing. 

The Parent Capital Stock (also referred
to as Rafael Capital Stock is defined in the Merger Agreement as the Rafael Class B common stock, par value per share,
the Rafael Class A common stock, par value per share, of Rafael and the Rafael preferred stock, par value per share. 

All compensatory options to purchase Cyclo common
stock shall automatically convert into options to acquire, on substantially similar terms and conditions, an adjusted number of shares
of Rafael Class B Common Stock, based upon the Exchange Ratio (rounded down to the nearest whole share), at an adjusted exercise price
per share, based upon the Exchange Ratio (rounded up to the nearest whole cent). 

Unless otherwise provided for in outstanding warrant
agreements, all outstanding warrants to purchase Cyclo common stock (other than those held by Rafael which will be cancelled) will automatically
be converted into warrants to purchase an adjusted number of shares of Rafael Class B Common Stock, based upon the Exchange Ratio, at
an adjusted exercise price per share, based upon the Exchange Ratio. Certain Cyclo warrants have the right to elect to receive cash payment
in lieu of receiving warrants to purchase Rafael Class B Common Stock. 

F- 51 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million. 

The Merger Agreement places
certain restrictions on the operation of Rafael s business prior to the closing of the Business Combination, and such restrictions,
the waiver of which is subject to the consent of Cyclo, may prevent Rafael from making certain acquisitions, taking certain other specified
actions or otherwise pursuing business opportunities during the pendency of the Business Combination that Rafael would have made, taken
or pursued if these restrictions were not in place. 

In addition, in connection
with the closing of the Business Combination, the Company has agreed to appoint Markus W. Sieger, a current independent member of Cyclo s
board of directors, to the Company s Board. 

Lock-Up Agreements 

The Merger Agreement provides
that Cyclo s directors and their affiliates that will receive shares of Rafael Class B Common Stock pursuant to the Merger Agreement
or upon exercise of Rafael options received upon conversion of Cyclo options in the Business Combination have each agreed to enter into
a lock-up agreement which contains certain restrictions on transfer of such shares of Rafael Class B Common Stock for a period of the
earlier of (a) six (6) months following closing of the Business Combination or (b) the date on which Rafael completes a liquidation, merger,
share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of Rafael s stockholders having the right to exchange
their Rafael Class B Common Stock for cash, securities or other property. 

F- 52 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

in cash, or if Rafael terminates the Business Combination
in the event of a Cyclo Adverse Change Recommendation, Cyclo will promptly pay to Rafael an amount equal to in cash (the Company
Termination Fee ). 

The Business Combination is
expected to close in the fourth calendar quarter of 2024, following the receipt of the required approvals by Rafael and Cyclo stockholders
and the fulfillment of other customary closing conditions. 

F- 53 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million to Rafael for million (the Cyclo Convertible Note III in cash. The Cyclo
Convertible Note III matures on and bears interest at a rate of per annum, payable upon maturity. The principal amount
of the Cyclo Convertible Note III is convertible into shares of Cyclo s common stock at the option of Rafael (provided, however,
that Rafael may not elect to convert the convertible note (or prior convertible notes) issued by Cyclo to Rafael in connection with previous
loans if, following such conversion, Rafael will beneficially own more than of Cyclo s common stock); and automatically on
certain other events. 

Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement 

On September 9, 2024, Rafael
entered into a Third Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement with Cyclo, pursuant to which Cyclo issued and sold a convertible promissory
note in the principal amount of million (the Cyclo Convertible Note IV to Rafael for million in cash. The Cyclo Convertible
Note IV matures on and bears interest at a rate of per annum, payable upon maturity. The principal amount of the
Cyclo Convertible Note IV is convertible into shares of Cyclo s common stock at the option of Rafael (provided, however, that Rafael
may not elect to convert the convertible note (or prior convertible notes) issued by Cyclo to Rafael in connection with previous loans
if, following such conversion, Rafael will beneficially own more than of Cyclo s common stock); and automatically on certain
other events. 

Fourth Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement 

On October 8, 2024, Rafael
entered into a Fourth Amended and Restated Note Purchase Agreement with Cyclo, pursuant to which Cyclo issued and sold a convertible promissory
note in the principal amount of million (the Cyclo Convertible Note V to Rafael for million in cash. The Cyclo Convertible
Note V matures on and bears interest at a rate of per annum, payable upon maturity. The principal amount of the Cyclo
Convertible Note V is convertible into shares of Cyclo Common Stock at the option of Rafael (provided, however, that Rafael may not elect
to convert the convertible note (or prior convertible notes issued by Cyclo to Rafael in connection with previous loans if, following
such conversion, Rafael will beneficially own more than of Cyclo Common Stock); and automatically on certain other events. 

Also on October 8, 2024,
the maturity dates of the Cyclo Convertible Note I and the Cyclo Convertible Note II were amended to be December 21, 2024. 

F- 54 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 ea021727501ex4-2_rafael.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Exhibit 4.2 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Our authorized capital stock consists of (i) 35
million shares of Class A common stock, (ii) 200 million shares of Class B common stock, and (iii) 10 million shares of Preferred Stock. 

The following description of our classes of authorized
stock does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our charter and bylaws, copies of
which are filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Exhibit 4.2 is a part. 

Class A Common Stock 

Holders of shares of our Class A common stock are
entitled to three votes for each share on all matters to be voted on by the stockholders. Holders of our Class A common stock are entitled
to share ratably in dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors in its discretion from funds legally
available therefor. Each share of our Class A common stock may be converted, at any time and at the option of the holder, and automatically
converts upon transfers to unaffiliated parties, into one fully paid and non-assessable share of our Class B common stock. 

As of November 5, 2024, there were 787,163 of our shares of Class A common
stock outstanding. 

Class B Common Stock 

Holders of shares of our Class B common stock are
entitled to one tenth of one vote for each share on all matters to be voted on by the stockholders. Holders of our Class B common stock
are entitled to share ratably in dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors in its discretion from
funds legally available therefor. 

As of November 5, 2024, there were 23,886,987 shares of Class B common
stock outstanding. 

Preferred Stock 

The Board of Directors has the authority to fix
the price, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, of those shares without any further vote or action
by the stockholders. 

As of November 5, 2024, there were no shares of our preferred stock were
outstanding. 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Our Charter and By-Laws 

Some provisions of Delaware law and our Certificate
of Incorporation and By-Laws could make the following more difficult: 

acquisition of us by means of
a tender offer; 

acquisition of us by means of a proxy contest or otherwise; or 

removal of our incumbent officers and directors. 

These provisions, summarized below, are expected
to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions also are designed to encourage persons seeking
to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our Board of Directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection give us
the potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us and outweigh
the disadvantages of discouraging those proposals because negotiation of them could result in an improvement of their terms. 

Certificate of Incorporation; By-Laws 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
and By-Laws contain provisions that could make more difficult the acquisition of us by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise.
These provisions are summarized below. 

Undesignated Preferred
Stock. The authorization of our undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our Board of Directors to issue our preferred
stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change control of us. These and other
provisions may have the effect of deferring hostile takeovers or delaying changes of control of our management. 

Size of Board and Vacancies. Our
Certificate of Incorporation provides that the number of directors on our Board of Directors will be between three and seventeen. Newly
created directorships resulting from any increase in our authorized number of directors or any vacancies in our Board of Directors resulting
from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause will be filled solely by the vote of our remaining
directors in office. 

Stockholder Meetings. Under
our By-Laws, only our (i) Chairman of the Board, (ii) Executive Chairman, (iii) Chief Executive Officer, (iv) President, (v) Corporate
Secretary, or (vi) any Assistant Secretary may call special meetings of our stockholders and shall be called by any such officer at the
request in writing of a majority of our Board of Directors or at the request in writing of stockholders owning our issued and outstanding
capital stock representing not less than a majority of the voting power of all our issued and outstanding capital stock. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.4>
 3
 ea021727501ex10-4_rafael.htm
 LETTER AGREEMENT DATED NOVEMBER 16, 2023, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND JOHN GOLDBERG

Exhibit
10.4 

November
16, 2023 

Dear
Dr. Goldberg; 

It
is our pleasure to offer you a position at Rafael Holdings, Inc. and or its subsidiaries Rafael or the Company ).
This letter agreement (the Letter Agreement outlines the terms of your employment at the Company as follows: 

1. Position
 and Duties: 

You
will serve as Chief Medical Officer (the Position ), reporting to the CEO or to such other person as designated by the Company
from time to time (in either case, as relevant, your Supervisor ). In this Position you will oversee all aspects of the
medical facets of the Company s operations and its subsidiaries, affiliates and entities in which the Company holds a significant
stake. This is a full-time position for which you agree to devote one hundred percent of your working hours. You may work at the Company s
Newark, NJ headquarters or work from home on a regular basis but in no event less than three days in the office every other week. You
will travel for purposes of Company business, in accordance with the Company s needs, as such needs are determined by Supervisor. 

2. Term: 

Your
employment at the Company will commence on November 20, 2023 (the Start Date ). Please note that your employment shall be
at-will and shall not be for any set or fixed period of time, and shall continue until terminated by either you or the Company. 

3. Compensation: 

During
the Term, you will be compensated at an annual base salary rate of 425,000 (the Base Salary ), which will be paid to you
on a prorated basis less payroll deductions and required withholdings, in accordance with the Company s standard payroll procedures.
Your position is classified as exempt for purposes of relevant wage-hour law and therefore you will not be entitled to overtime pay. 

In
addition to the Base Salary, you will also be eligible for an annual discretionary bonus in an amount up to 40 of your Base Salary (prorated
for your initial year of employment), your entitlement to which and any amount thereof to be determined in the sole and absolute discretion
of the Company paid out based upon the achievement of personal and corporate objectives attainment. 

4. Equity: 

Subject
to the approval of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company you will be entitled to an initial grant of employee
stock options to purchase 250,000 shares of Class B common stock (the Options ). The Options shall be submitted for approval
at the Company s next regularly scheduled quarterly Compensation Committee Meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company held
post your Start Date, and if approved, granted within thirty (30) days thereafter. The vesting schedule shall be as follows: Options
with respect to twenty-five percent (25 of the underlying shares shall vest on the first anniversary of the grant date and additional
Options with respect to twenty-five (25 (in each case, rounded to a whole number of shares) of the underlying shares shall vest on
each twelve-month anniversary of the first anniversary, so that all Options shall vest by the fourth anniversary of the grant date. The
terms and conditions of the grant of the Options shall be as set forth in the Company s 2018 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, as
amended from time to time (the Plan and the related grant agreement and related terms as required by the Company. 

1 

All
unvested Options shall terminate if your full-time employment with the Company shall cease for any reason. 

You
will be eligible to receive additional equity grants at the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board. 

5. Paid
 Time Off and Benefits: 

In
addition to Company-designated paid holidays, each calendar year you shall be entitled to take paid time off in accordance with the Company s
applicable policies, as may be updated from time to time, and applicable law. 

As
a full-time employee of the Company, you will be eligible for health insurance coverage and other employee benefits, in each case as
available to similarly situated employees, in accordance with the relevant plans, as such plans are adopted by the Company. 

You
shall also be entitled to reimbursement for pre-approved business expenses incurred by you in the course of your performance of your
duties, as per Company policy, provided that you submit to the Company applicable invoices and other documentation, in form and in substance
in accordance with Company policy. 

6. Company
 Property: 

During
the Term, the Company may provide you with the benefit of using Company property, such as, but not limited to, a Company-provided laptop.
You are obligated to use such Company property in accordance with Company guidelines, and to return any such property to the Company
upon the Company s request, but in any case, upon the termination of your employment, regardless of the reason for such termination. 

7. Restrictive
 Covenants: 

As
a condition of your employment at the Company, you are obligated to sign and comply with the terms set forth in the Non-Disclosure and
Non-Competition Agreement attached to this Letter Agreement as Schedule A (the NDNC ). 

8. Governing
 Law and Agreements: 

During
the period of your employment at the Company, you will be expected to abide by all policies of the Company, as established from time
to time. The terms of your employment, as well as your post-employment obligations, will be governed by the terms of this Letter Agreement,
the NDNC, and applicable law. It is agreed that the terms of this Letter Agreement (including any attachments hereto) constitute the
entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the subject matter hereof and supersede any previous understanding or agreement
(whether oral or written) between you and the Company, and/or the Company s management. 

2 

The
Company shall have the right to assign its rights and obligations under this Letter Agreement to any individual, entity, corporation,
or partnership that succeeds to all or a portion of the relevant business or assets of the Company. This Letter Agreement is personal
to you, and you may not assign your rights and obligations under this Letter Agreement to any third party. 

By
your signature below, you represent that you are not bound by any agreement, whether oral or written, with a third party, where such
agreement would in any way limit your ability to perform your obligations under this Letter Agreement, and you agree that at no time
during your employment with the Company will you undertake responsibilities or obligations that will present a conflict of interest with,
or limit your ability to fulfil the duties of, your position at the Company. 

9. Notices: 

All
notices and other communications under this Letter Agreement shall be in writing and shall be given by hand, by email, or by first class
mail, certified or registered with return receipt requested, and shall be deemed to have been duly given three (3) days after mailing,
twenty-four (24) hours after transmission of an email, or immediately upon hand delivery or explicit acknowledgement of receipt. 

10. Section
 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended: 

You
and the Company hereby affirm that with respect to any and all payments and benefits under this Letter Agreement, the intent is that
such payments and benefits either: (i) do not constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section
409A of the Internal Revenue Code Section 409A ), and therefore are exempt from Section 409A, (ii) are subject to a substantial
risk of forfeiture and are exempt from Section 409A under the short term deferral rule set forth in Treasury
Regulation 1.409A 1(b)(4), or (iii) are in compliance with the terms of 409A. In any event, you and the Company further confirm
that they intend to have all provisions of this Letter Agreement construed, interpreted and administered in a manner consistent with
the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A. By way of example, and not limitation, solely for purposes of determining
the time and form of payments, which are subject to Section 409A, due you under this Letter Agreement in connection with your termination
of employment with the Company, you shall not be deemed to have incurred a termination of employment unless and until you shall incur
a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. Each amount or installment to be paid or benefit to be provided
under this Letter Agreement shall be construed as a separate and distinct payment for purposes of Section 409A. Without limiting the
foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and/or
tax penalties under Section 409A, amounts that would otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to this
Letter Agreement or any other arrangement between you and the Company during the six (6) month period immediately following your separation
from service shall instead be paid on the first business day after the date that is six (6) months following your separation from service
(or, if earlier, your date of death). To the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 409A, amounts
reimbursable to you under this Letter Agreement shall be paid to you on or before the last day of the year following the year in which
the expense was incurred and the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement (and in-kind benefits provided to you) during one year
may not affect amounts reimbursable or provided in any subsequent year. The Company makes no representation that any or all of the payments
described in this Letter Agreement will be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A
from applying to any such payment. You understand and agree that you shall be solely responsible for the payment of any taxes, penalties,
interest or other expenses incurred by you on account of non- compliance with Section 409A. 

3 

11. Dispute
 Resolution: 

In
the event of a dispute between you and the Company arising out of or related to your employment with the Company (with the exception
of disputes arising under the NDNC set forth in Schedule A and claims that pursuant to applicable law a party is prohibited from
requiring another party to agree to submit to arbitration), you and the Company agree to exclusively settle such dispute by means of
arbitration pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, administered by the American Arbitration Association AAA ), with
such arbitration to take place in New Jersey or another mutually agreed upon location and to be conducted in accordance with the
AAA s Employment Arbitration Rules. In such arbitration, a single arbitrator, appointed by the mutual agreement of you and the
Company: (i) shall not amend or modify the terms of this Letter Agreement or of any Company policy, and (ii) shall render a decision
within ten (10) business days from the later of closing statements or submission of post-hearing briefs by the parties. The
arbitration award shall be final and binding, and any state or federal court shall have jurisdiction to enter a judgment on such
award. It is understood that this requirement to arbitrate disputes means that by signing below, you and the Company specifically
waive any right either party may have to a trial by jury in a court of law with respect to all claims and demands arising out of or
related to your employment with the Company, including, without limitation, any rights you may assert under any federal, state, or
local laws or regulations applicable to your employment with the Company (with the exception of disputes arising under the NDNC set
forth in Schedule A and claims that pursuant to applicable law a party is prohibited from requiring another party to agree to submit
to arbitration). For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge and agree that the existence of a claim by a party that is not
subject to arbitration pursuant to this paragraph shall not impair the enforceability of this paragraph with respect to any other
claim brought by that party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this paragraph shall be interpreted to mean that you cannot
file a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and/or the National Labor Relations Board or any comparable federal,
state, or local governmental agency. 

The
terms of this Letter Agreement are conditional upon your providing to the Company, within your first three (3) days of employment, a
completed I-9 form accompanied by documentation that you are authorized to work in the United States, in accordance with applicable law.
In addition, the Company reserves the right to conduct a background check, and your employment at the Company shall be conditional upon
the results of such background check, in each case accordance with applicable law. If the Company determines not to have you commence
employment based on the results of a background check (in accordance with all requirements of applicable law), your employment relationship
with the Company shall be null and void, and the Company shall have no further obligations to you whatsoever. 

We
are excited to have you join us as a member of the Rafael team. 

4 

To
accept this offer of employment and the terms and conditions hereof, please sign this Letter Agreement below and the attached Schedule
A (and Exhibit A thereto) in the spaces provided and return all signed documents to David Polinsky at david.polinsky@rafaelholdings.com. 

Very truly yours, 

/s/ David
 Polinsky, 

David Polinsky, 

Chief Financial Officer 

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY: 
 /s/ John Goldberg, MD 

John Goldberg, MD 

DATE:
11/17/2023 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-21.01>
 4
 ea021727501ex21-01_rafael.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.01 

DOMESTIC SUBSIDIARIES 

Altira Capital Consulting, LLC (DE) 

 Barer Institute, Inc. (DE) 

 Broad-Atlantic Associates, LLC (DE) 

 CS Pharma Holdings, LLC (f/k/a Mort2Chai Partners, LLC) (DE) 

 Day Three Labs, Inc. (DE) 

 Farber Partners, LLC (DE) 

 Pharma Holdings, LLC (f/k/a IDT-Rafael Holdings, LLC(DE) 

 Rafael Holdings Realty, Inc. (f/k/a IDT Capital, Inc.) (DE) 

 Rafael Medical Devices, LLC (DE) 

 RP Finance LLC (DE) 

 Tandem Therapeutics, Inc. (NV) 

 Tandem Therapeutics, LLC (NV) 

 The Barer Institute, LLC (f/k/a Rafael Realty, LLC) (NJ) 

FOREIGN SUBSIDIARIES 

IDT R.E. Holdings Ltd. (Israel) 

 LipoMedix Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (Israel) 

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ea021727501ex23-1_rafael.htm
 CONSENT OF COHNREZNICK LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement
No. 333-282558 on Form S-4, registration statement No. 333-274254 on Form S-8, registration statement No. 333-262754 on Form S-3/A, of
Rafael Holdings, Inc. of our report dated November 6, 2024 related to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Rafael Holdings,
Inc. as of July 31, 2024 and 2023 and for the years then ended, included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rafael Holdings, Inc. for
the year ended July 31, 2024. 

/s/ CohnReznick LLP 

New York, New York 

November 6, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.01>
 6
 ea021727501ex31-01_rafael.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.01 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, William Conkling, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rafael
Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 6, 2024 

/s/ William Conkling 

William Conkling 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 7
 ea021727501ex31-02_rafael.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.02 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, David Polinsky, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Rafael
Holdings, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 6, 2024 

/s/ David Polinsky 

David Polinsky 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 8
 ea021727501ex32-01_rafael.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.01 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Certification Pursuant
to 
18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
(as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of Rafael Holdings, Inc. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the annual period ended July 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 Report ), I, William Conkling, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 6, 2024 

/s/ William Conkling 

William Conkling 

Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906,
or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic
version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Rafael Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by Rafael Holdings,
Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 9
 ea021727501ex32-02_rafael.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.02 

RAFAEL HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Certification Pursuant to 
18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
(as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of Rafael Holdings, Inc. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the annual period ended July 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 Report ), I, David Polinsky, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 6, 2024 

/s/ Davd Polinsky 

Davd Polinsky 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906,
or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic
version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Rafael Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by Rafael Holdings,
Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 rfl-20240731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 rfl-20240731_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 rfl-20240731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 rfl-20240731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 rfl-20240731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

