<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241001_10-K_edgar_data_69422_0001493152-24-038852.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14423071</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>266528</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>6862261</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2915069</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1870246</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2265592</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-038852.hdr.sgml : 20241001
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20240930173127
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-038852
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241001
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20240930

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTERGROUP CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000069422
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATORS OF APARTMENT BUILDINGS [6513]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				133293645
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10324
		FILM NUMBER:		241340586

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11620 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 350
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 889-2511

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11620 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 350
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90025

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MUTUAL REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19860408

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-038852.txt : 20241001

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______ to_________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (Section 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendments to this Form 10-K. 

Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 Accelerated Filer 

Accelerated
 Filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act): 

Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

As
of December 31, 2023, the last day of the registrant s second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s
common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately (based upon the closing sale price of the common
stock on that date on The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC). 

The
number of shares outstanding of registrant s Common Stock, as of September 30, 2024 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business . 
 4 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 11 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 15 

Item
 1C. 
 Cybersecurity. 
 16 

Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 16 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 22 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures . 
 22 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 23 

Item
 6. 
 Reserved. 
 24 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 24 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 32 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 33 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 66 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 66 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 67 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 67 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 68 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 71 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 76 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 77 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 78 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 79 

Signatures 
 82 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ). Forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements related to our expectations regarding the performance of our business, our financial
results, our liquidity and capital resources, including anticipated repayment of certain of the Company s indebtedness, the impact
to our business and financial condition, the effects of competition and the effects of future legislation or regulations and other non-historical
statements, the impact from macroeconomic factors (including inflation, increases in interest rates, potential economic slowdown or a
recession and geopolitical conflicts). Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts, and in some cases,
can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as the words outlook, believes, expects, 
 potential, continues, may, will, should, could, seeks, 
 projects, predicts, intends, plans, estimates, anticipates 
or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. You should not rely on forward-looking statements since they involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect
our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, performance or future achievements or events. 

All
such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations of management and therefore involve estimates and assumptions that
are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed
in these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, and we urge investors to
carefully review the disclosures we make concerning risks and uncertainties in Item 1A: Risk Factors in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

The
risk factors discussed in Item 1A: Risk Factors could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking
statements. There may be other risks and uncertainties that we are unable to predict at this time or that we currently do not expect
to have a material adverse effect on our business. Any such risks could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed in
forward-looking statements. 

Other
factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to: 

risks
 associated with the lodging industry, including competition, increases in wages, labor relations, energy and fuel costs, actual and
 threatened pandemics, actual and threatened terrorist attacks, and downturns in domestic and international economic and market conditions,
 particularly in the San Francisco Bay area; 

risks
 associated with the real estate industry, including changes in real estate and zoning laws or regulations, increases in real property
 taxes, rising insurance premiums, costs of compliance with environmental laws and other governmental regulations; 

the
 availability and terms of financing and capital and the general volatility of securities markets; 

increases
 in interest rates; 

changes
 in the competitive environment in the hotel industry; 

economic
 volatility and potential recessive trends; 

risks
 related to natural disasters; 

hyperinflation; 

litigation;
 and 

other
 risk factors discussed below in this Report. 

All
such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations of management and therefore involve estimates and assumptions that
are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed
in the statements. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements and we urge investors to carefully review the
disclosures we make concerning risks and uncertainties in Item 1A: Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as
such factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SEC s website at
www.sec.gov, as well as risks, uncertainties and other factors discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law,
we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

GENERAL 

The
InterGroup Corporation InterGroup or the Company and may also be referred to as we us 
or our in this report) is a Delaware corporation formed in 1985, as the successor to Mutual Real Estate Investment Trust M-REIT ), a New York real estate investment trust created in 1965. The Company has been a publicly held company since M-REIT s
first public offering of shares in 1966. 

The
Company was organized to buy, develop, operate, rehabilitate, and dispose of real property of various types and descriptions, and to
engage in such other business and investment activities as would benefit the Company and its shareholders. The Company was founded upon,
and remains committed to, social responsibility. Such social responsibility was originally defined as providing decent and affordable
housing to people without regard to race. In 1985, after examining the impact of federal, state, and local equal housing laws, the Company
determined to broaden its definition of social responsibility. The Company changed its form from a REIT to a corporation so that it could
pursue a variety of investments beyond real estate and broaden its social impact to engage in any opportunity which would offer the potential
to increase shareholder value within the Company s underlying commitment to social responsibility. 

As
of June 30, 2024, InterGroup owns approximately 75.7 of the outstanding common shares of Portsmouth. As of June 30, 2024, the Company s
President, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, John Winfield, owns approximately 2.5 of the outstanding common shares
of Portsmouth. Mr. Winfield also serves as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Portsmouth. The Company s Chief
Operating Officer, David Gonzalez was elected President of Portsmouth in May 2021. 

Portsmouth s
primary business was conducted through its general and limited partnership interest in Justice Investors Limited Partnership, a California
limited partnership Justice or the Partnership ). Portsmouth received management fees as a general partner
of Justice for its services in overseeing and managing the Partnership s assets. Those fees were eliminated in consolidation. Effective
July 15, 2021, Portsmouth completed the purchase of 100 of the limited partnership interest of Justice through the acquisition of the
remaining 0.7 non-controlling interest. 

4 

Effective
December 23, 2021, the partnership was dissolved. The financial statements of Justice were consolidated with those of the Company. 

Prior
to its dissolution effective December 23, 2021, Justice owned and operated a 544-room hotel property located at 750 Kearny Street, San
Francisco California, known as the Hilton San Francisco Financial District (the Hotel and related facilities including
a five-level underground parking garage through its subsidiaries Justice Operating Company, LLC Operating and Justice
Mezzanine Company, LLC Mezzanine ). Mezzanine was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Partnership; Operating is a wholly owned
subsidiary of Mezzanine. Effective December 23, 2021, Portsmouth replaced Justice as the single member of Mezzanine. Mezzanine is the
borrower under certain mezzanine indebtedness of Justice, and in December 2013, the Partnership conveyed ownership of the Hotel to Operating.
The Hotel is a full-service Hilton brand hotel pursuant to a Franchise License Agreement with HLT Franchise Holding LLC Hilton through January 31, 2030. 

In
addition to the operations of the Hotel, the Company also generates income from the ownership, management and, when appropriate, sale
of real estate. Properties include sixteen apartment complexes, one commercial real estate property and three single-family houses. The
properties are located throughout the United States but are concentrated in Texas and the County of Los Angeles, California. The Company
also has an investment in unimproved real property. As of June 30, 2024, all the Company s operating real estate properties are
managed in-house. 

The
Company acquires its investments in real estate and other investments utilizing cash, securities, or debt, subject to approval or guidelines
of the Board of Directors and its Executive Strategic Real Estate and Securities Investment Committee. The Company may also look for
new real estate investment opportunities in hotels, apartments, office buildings and development properties. The acquisition of any new
real estate investments will depend on the Company s ability to find suitable investment opportunities and the availability of
sufficient financing to acquire such investments. To help fund any such acquisition, the Company may borrow funds to leverage its investment
capital. The amount of any such debt will depend on several factors including, but not limited to, the availability of financing and
the sufficiency of the acquisition property s projected cash flows to support the operations and debt service. 

The
Company also may derive income from the investment of its cash and investment securities assets. The Company has invested in income-producing
instruments, equity and debt securities and will consider other investments if such investments offer growth or profit potential. See
Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion of the Company s
marketable securities and other investments. 

HILTON
HOTELS FRANCHISE LICENSE AGREEMENT 

The
Partnership entered into a Franchise License Agreement (the License Agreement with the HLT Existing Franchise Holding
LLC Hilton on December 10, 2004. The term of the License Agreement was for an initial period of fifteen years commencing
on the date the Hotel began operating as a Hilton hotel, with an option to extend the License Agreement for another five years, subject
to certain conditions. On June 26, 2015, Operating and Hilton entered into an amended franchise agreement that, among other things, extended
the License Agreement through January 2030, and provided the Partnership with certain key money cash incentives to be earned through
January 2030. 

HOTEL
MANAGEMENT COMPANY AGREEMENT 

Operating
entered into a hotel management agreement HMA with Aimbridge Hospitality Aimbridge to manage the Hotel,
along with its five-level parking garage, with an effective date of February 3, 2017. The term of the management agreement is for an
initial period of ten years commencing on the February 3, 2017 date and automatically renews for successive one (1) year periods, not
to exceed five years in the aggregate, subject to certain conditions. Under the terms on the HMA, base management fee Basic Fee payable to Aimbridge shall be one and seven-tenths percent (1.70 of total Hotel revenue. In addition to the Basic Fee, Aimbridge shall
be entitled to an annual incentive fee for each fiscal year equal to ten percent (10 of the amount by which Gross Operating Profit
in the current fiscal year exceeds the previous fiscal year s Gross Operating Profit. 

For
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, hotel management fees were 706,000 and 711,000, and incentive fees of 0 and 505,000,
respectively, offset by key money amortization of 250,000 for both years and are included in Hotel operating expenses in the consolidated
statements of operations. However, the Company is currently in discussions with Aimbridge regarding a dispute in connection with the
validity of the incentive fees as they relate directly to the Covid pandemic. As part of the Hotel management agreement, Aimbridge, through
the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Kearny Street Parking LLC, manages the parking garage in-house. 

5 

CHINESE
CULTURE FOUNDATION LEASE 

In
November 1967, Justice entered into a 50-year nominal rent lease (the Lease with the Chinese Culture Foundation of San
Francisco (the Foundation for the third-floor space of the Hotel commonly known as the Chinese Culture Center, which the
Foundation had the right to occupy pursuant to the Lease. Among other requirements, the Lease was a condition imposed by the City of
San Francisco upon Justice, in order to convey the real estate where the Hotel would be built. 

On
March 15, 2005, the Hotel and the Foundation entered an amended lease. The amended lease, among other things, requires the Hotel to pay
to the Foundation a monthly event space fee in the amount of 5,000, adjusted annually based on the local Consumer Price Index. As of
June 30, 2024, the monthly event space fee is 7,000. The term of the amended lease expired on October 17, 2023, with an automatic extension
for another 10-year term if the property continues to be operated as a hotel. Subject to certain conditions as set forth in the amended
lease, the Foundation is entitled to reserve for a maximum of 75 days per calendar year for use of the event space. If the Hotel needs
the event space during one of the dates previously reserved by the Foundation, the Hotel shall pay the Foundation 4,000 per day for
using the event space. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Hotel paid the Foundation 8,000 and 20,000 for such
fees, respectively. 

SALES
AND REFINANCING OF REAL ESTATE PROPERTIES 

On
May 31, 2023, the Company refinanced its 4,823,000 mortgage note payable on its 264-unit apartment complex in St Louis, Missouri and
obtained a new two-year mortgage for 5,360,000. The Company deposited the existing cash in escrow for Capital Expenditure Reserve of
 616,000 and 244,000 in Additional Reserve for taxes and insurance. The mortgage has a floating monthly rate of 30-day SOFR (capped
at 5.5 plus SOFR margin of 3.10 interest-only payments are due for the 12 months and 5,500 principal paydowns commencing in June
2024. The mortgage loan matures in May 2025. 

On
December 15, 2023, the Company obtained a second mortgage note payable in the amount of 4,573,000 on its 358-unit apartment complex
in Las Colinas, Texas. The term of the loan is approximately 7 years with an interest rate of 7.60 . The mortgage loan matures in November
2031. 

6 

MARKETABLE
SECURITIES INVESTMENT POLICIES 

In
addition to its Hotel and real estate operations, the Company also invests from time to time in income producing instruments, corporate
debt and equity securities, publicly traded investment funds, mortgage-backed securities, securities issued by REITs and other companies
which invest primarily in real estate. 

The
Company s securities investments are made under the supervision of an Executive Strategic Real Estate and Securities Investment
Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee ). The Committee currently has four members and is chaired by the Company s
Chairman of the Board and President, John V. Winfield. The Committee has delegated authority to manage the portfolio to the Company s
Chairman and President together with such assistants and management committees he may engage. The Committee generally follows certain
established investment guidelines for the Company s investments. These guidelines presently include: (i) corporate equity securities
should be listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), NYSE MKT, NYSE Arca or the Nasdaq Stock Market (NASDAQ); (ii) the issuer of the
listed securities should be in compliance with the listing standards of the applicable national securities exchange; and (iii) investment
in a particular issuer should not exceed 10 of the market value of the total portfolio. The investment guidelines do not require the
Company to divest itself of investments, which initially meet these guidelines but subsequently fail to meet one or more of the investment
criteria. The Committee has in the past approved non-conforming investments and may in the future approve non-conforming investments.
The Committee may modify these guidelines from time to time. 

The
Company may also invest, with the approval of the Committee, in unlisted securities, such as convertible notes, through private placements
including private equity investment funds. Those investments in non-marketable securities are carried at cost on the Company s
consolidated balance sheets as part of Other Assets, net and reviewed for impairment on a periodic basis. 

As
part of its investment strategies, the Company may assume short positions in marketable securities. Short sales are used by the Company
to potentially offset normal market risks undertaken in the course of its investing activities or to provide additional return opportunities.
As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had obligations for securities sold (equities short) of 188,000 and 1,416,000, respectively. 

The
Company may utilize margin for its marketable securities purchases through the use of standard margin agreements with national brokerage
firms. The margin used by the Company may fluctuate depending on market conditions. The use of leverage could be viewed as risky, and
the market values of the portfolio may be subject to large fluctuations. Margin balances due as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 were 0 and
 1,601,000, respectively. 

7 

As
Chairman of the Executive Strategic Real Estate and Securities Investment Committee, the Company s President and Chief Executive
Officer (CEO), John V. Winfield, directs the investment activity of the Company in public and private markets pursuant to authority granted
by the Board of Directors. Mr. Winfield also serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Portsmouth and oversees the
investment activity of Portsmouth. Depending on certain market conditions and various risk factors, the Chief Executive Officer, and
Portsmouth, at times, invest in the same companies in which the Company invests. Such investments align the interests of the Company
with the interests of related parties because it places the personal resources of the Chief Executive Officer and the resources of Portsmouth,
at risk in substantially the same manner as the Company in connection with investment decisions made on behalf of the Company. 

Further
information with respect to investment in marketable securities and other investments of the Company is set forth in Management Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section and Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

SEASONALITY 

Historically,
the Hotel s operation has been seasonal under normal circumstances. Like most hotels in the San Francisco area, the Hotel generally
maintained high occupancy and room rates during the entire year except for the weeks starting from Thanksgiving to first week of January
due to the holiday season. These seasonal patterns can be expected to cause fluctuations in the quarterly revenues of the Hotel. See
Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for more information regarding the
effects on our results of operations. 

COMPETITION 

The
Hotel has successfully completed its full guest-rooms renovation over the last 2 years along with public space, fitness center, corridors,
and meeting space. With newly renovated rooms in its Competitive Set of hotels CompSet and will allow the hotel to continue
to drive rate and grow RevPAR over the market and its CompSet. The hotel recently received its annual Quality Assurance inspection from
Hilton and received the highest score at least in the hotel s last decade at 94.45 which is an Outstanding ranking
by Hilton. Even during the renovation that took out between 2-4 floors or 50-100 guest rooms of inventory at a time, the Hotel maintained
an index of over 100 . At the end of the renovation in June 2024, the Hotel s trailing 12-month index was 109.6 . During the fiscal
year ending June 30, 2024, the Hotel s CompSet achieved a RevPAR of 161.47 while the Hotel had a RevPAR of 176.99. An excellent
achievement for our property while it had roughly 13 -18 of its inventory unavailable over this time period. Since the completion of
the renovation, the Hotel has increased its lead in RevPAR on the CompSet dramatically. In the two months since completing the renovation,
the Hotel has achieved an average RevPAR index of over 150 for both months. While the CompSet has lost over 15 RevPAR; in these two
months, the Hotel has grown over 15 in this metric. 

The
Hotel s location in the San Francisco Financial District historically had provided greater opportunities over its competitors when
it comes to developing relationships with the Financial District entities and the customers who regularly do business in the downtown
area. With business travel slowly returning to San Francisco for the time, we are competing with hotels in more tourist attracting locations
and amenities for the leisure traveler. The ability to capitalize on the strong midweek demand of the individual business traveler to
the Financial District has been the focus during the timeframe of strong growth in the market. The shift to attracting leisure travel
has pushed the Hotel to price aggressively to lure competition from the more tourist locations in the city. We are optimistic to see
business travel and self-contained groups trending positively. 

8 

The
Hotel is also subject to certain operating risks common to all of the hotel industry, which could adversely impact performance. These
risks include, but are not limited to: 

Competition
 for guests and meetings from other hotels including competition and pricing pressure from internet wholesalers and distributors; 

increases
 in operating costs, including wages, benefits, insurance, property taxes and energy, due to inflation and other factors, which may
 not be offset in the future by increased room rates; 

labor
 strikes, disruptions or lock outs; 

dependence
 on demand from business and leisure travelers, which may fluctuate and is seasonal; 

increases
 in energy costs, cost of fuel, airline fares and other expenses related to travel, which may negatively affect traveling; 

terrorism,
 terrorism alerts and warnings, wars and other military actions, pandemics or other medical events or warnings which may result in
 decreases in business and leisure travel; 

natural
 disasters; and 

adverse
 effects of downturns and recessionary conditions in international, national and/or local economies and market conditions. 

ENVIRONMENTAL
MATTERS 

In
connection with the ownership of the Hotel, the Company is subject to various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations
relating to environmental protection. Under these laws, a current or previous owner or operator of real estate may be liable for the
costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances on, under or in such property. Such laws often impose liability
without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances. 

Environmental
consultants retained by Justice and its lenders conducted updated Phase I environmental site assessments in fiscal year ended June 30,
2014 on the Hotel property. These Phase I assessments relied, in part, on Phase I environmental assessments prepared in connection with
the Partnership s first mortgage loan obtained in December 2013. Phase I assessments are designed to evaluate the potential for
environmental contamination on properties based generally upon site inspections, facility personnel interviews, historical information,
and certain publicly available databases; however, Phase I assessments will not necessarily reveal the existence or extent of all environmental
conditions, liabilities or compliance concerns at the properties. 

Although
the Phase I assessments and other environmental reports we have reviewed disclose certain conditions on our property and the use of hazardous
substances in operation and maintenance activities that could pose a risk of environmental contamination or liability, we are not aware
of any environmental liability that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations
or cash flows. 

The
Company believes that the Hotel is in compliance, in all material respects, with all federal, state and local environmental ordinances
and regulations regarding hazardous or toxic substances and other environmental matters, the violation of which could have a material
adverse effect on the Company. The Company has not received written notice from any governmental authority of any material noncompliance,
liability or claim relating to hazardous or toxic substances or other environmental matters in connection with any of its present properties. 

9 

Competition
 Rental Properties 

The
ownership, operation, and leasing of multifamily rental properties are highly competitive. The Company competes with domestic and foreign
financial institutions, REITs, life insurance companies, pension trusts, trust funds, partnerships and individual investors. In addition,
The Company competes for tenants in markets primarily on the basis of property location, rent charged, services provided and the design
and condition of improvements. The Company also competes with other quality apartments owned by public and private companies. The number
of competitive multifamily properties in a particular market could adversely affect the Company s ability to lease its multifamily
properties, as well as the rents it is able to charge. In addition, other forms of residential properties, including single family housing
and town homes, provide housing alternatives to potential residents of quality apartment communities or potential purchasers of for-sale
condominium units. The Company competes for residents in its apartment communities based on resident service and amenity offerings and
the desirability of the Company s locations. Resident leases at the Company s apartment communities are priced competitively
based on market conditions, supply and demand characteristics, and the quality and resident service offerings of its communities. 

EMPLOYEES 

As
of June 30, 2024, the Company s corporate office and multifamily operations had 28 employees. Effective August 2014, the Company
entered into a client service agreement with Automatic Data Processing ADP ), a professional employer organization serving
as an off-site, full-service human resource department for its employees. ADP personnel management services are delivered by entering
into a co-employment relationship with the Company s employees. The employees and the Company are not party to any collective bargaining
agreement, and the Company believes that its employee relations are satisfactory. 

The
hotel operations had 187 employees as of June 30, 2024. On February 3, 2017, Aimbridge assumed all labor union agreements as agent for
Hotel and Justice, and Justice provides all funding for all payroll and related costs. As of June 30, 2024, approximately 90 of those
employees were represented by one of three labor unions, and their terms of employment were determined under various collective bargaining
agreements CBAs to which Aimbridge was a party to as agent for Hotel and Justice. CBA for Local 2 (Hotel and Restaurant
Employees) expired on August 13, 2024, and is currently under negotiations. CBA for Local 856 (International Brotherhood of Teamsters)
will expire on December 31, 2024. CBA for Local 39 (Stationary Engineers) will expire in July 2030. 

Negotiation
of collective bargaining agreements, which includes not just terms and conditions of employment, but scope and coverage of employees,
is a regular and expected course of business operations for Hotel and Aimbridge. The Hotel expects and anticipates that the terms of
conditions of CBAs will have an impact on wage and benefit costs, operating expenses, and certain hotel operations during the life of
each CBA and incorporates these principles into its operating and budgetary practices. 

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION 

The
Company files required annual and quarterly reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and other information with the
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or the Commission ). The public may read and copy any materials that
we file with the Commission at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549, on official business
days during the hours of 10:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling
the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Commission also maintains an Internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports,
proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the Commission. 

Other
information about the Company can be found on its website www.intergroupcorporation.com . Reference in this document to that website
address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on the website. 

10 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Adverse
changes in the U.S. and global economies could negatively impact our financial performance. 

Due
to a number of factors affecting consumers, the outlook for the lodging industry remains uncertain. These factors have resulted at times
in the past and could continue to result in the future in fewer customers visiting, or customers spending less, in San Francisco, as
compared to prior periods. The macro-economic situation of a looming US/Global recession has seen business reducing or eliminating typical
travel and group meetings in efforts to be conservative in uncertain financial times. Leisure travel and other leisure activities represent
discretionary expenditures, and participation in such activities tends to decline during economic downturns, during which consumers generally
have less disposable income. As a result, in those times customer demand for the luxury amenities and leisure activities that we offer
may decline. Furthermore, during periods of economic contraction, revenues may decrease while some of our costs remain fixed or even
increase, resulting in decreased earnings. 

Weakened
global economic conditions may adversely affect our industry, business, and results of operations. 

Our
overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic conditions, which could adversely affect the tourism industry. According to
current economic news reports, the United States and other key international economies may be subject to a recession, characterized by
falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, going concern threats to financial institutions, major multinational
companies and medium and small businesses, poor liquidity, declining asset values, reduced corporate profitability, and volatility in
credit, equity and foreign exchange markets. These conditions affect discretionary and leisure spending and could adversely affect our
customers ability or willingness to travel to destinations for leisure and cutback on discretionary business travel, which could
adversely affect our operating results. In addition, in a weakened economy, companies that have competing properties may reduce room
rates and other prices which could also reduce our average revenues and harm our operating results. 

We
operate a single property located in San Francisco and rely on the San Francisco market. Changes adversely impacting this market could
have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and fair market value of the Hotel . 

Our
business in San Francisco and the hospitality industry has a limited base of operations and substantially all of our revenues are currently
generated by the Hotel in San Francisco, California. Accordingly, we are subject to greater risks than a more diversified hotel or resort
operator and the profitability of our operations is linked to local economic conditions in San Francisco. The combination of a decline
in the local economy of San Francisco, reliance on a single location and the significant investment associated with it may cause our
operating results to fluctuate significantly and may adversely affect us and materially affect our total profitability. 

We
face intense local and increasingly national competition which could impact our operations and adversely affect our business and the
results of operations . 

We
operate in the highly competitive San Francisco hotel industry. The Hotel competes with other high-quality Northern California hotels
and resorts. Many of these competitors seek to attract customers to their properties by providing food and beverage outlets, retail stores
and other related amenities, in addition to recently renovated hotel accommodations. To the extent that we seek to enhance our revenue
base by offering our own various amenities, we compete with the service offerings provided by these competitors. 

Many
of the competing properties have themes and attractions which draw a significant number of visitors and directly compete with our operations.
Some of these properties are operated by subsidiaries or divisions of large public companies that may have greater name recognition and
financial and marketing resources than we do and market to the same target demographic group as we do. Various competitors are expanding
and renovating their existing facilities. We believe that competition in the San Francisco hotel and resort industry is based on certain
property-specific factors, including overall atmosphere, range of amenities, price, location, technology infrastructure, entertainment
attractions, theme and size. Any market perception that we do not excel with respect to such property-specific factors could adversely
affect our ability to compete effectively. If we are unable to compete effectively, we could lose market share, which could adversely
affect our business and results of operations. 

11 

The
San Francisco hotel and resort industry is capital intensive; financing our renovations and future capital improvements could reduce
our cash flow and adversely affect our financial performance. 

The
Hotel has an ongoing need for renovations and other capital improvements to remain competitive, including replacement, from time to time,
of furniture, fixtures and equipment. We will also need to make capital expenditures to comply with applicable laws and regulations. 

Renovations
and other capital improvements of hotels require significant capital expenditures. In addition, renovations and capital improvements
of hotels usually generate little or no cash flow until the project s completion. We may not be able to fund such projects solely
from cash provided from our operating activities. Consequently, we will rely upon the availability of debt or equity capital and reserve
funds to fund renovations and capital improvements and our ability to carry them out will be limited if we cannot obtain satisfactory
debt or equity financing, which will depend on, among other things, market conditions. No assurances can be made that we will be able
to obtain additional equity or debt financing or that we will be able to obtain such financing on favorable terms. 

Renovations
and other capital improvements may give rise to the following additional risks, among others: construction cost overruns and delays;
increased prices of materials due to tariffs; temporary closures of all or a portion of the Hotel to customers; disruption in service
and room availability causing reduced demand, occupancy and rates; and possible environmental issues. 

As
a result, renovations and any other future capital improvement projects may increase our expenses, reduce our cash flows and our revenues.
If capital expenditures exceed our expectations, this excess would have an adverse effect on our available cash. 

We
have substantial debt, and we may incur additional indebtedness, which may negatively affect our business and financial results. 

We
have substantial debt service obligations. Our substantial debt may negatively affect our business and operations in several ways, including:
requiring us to use a substantial portion of our funds from operations to make required payments on principal and interest, which will
reduce funds available for operations and capital expenditures, future business opportunities and other purposes; making us more vulnerable
to economic and industry downturns and reducing our flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions; limiting
our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and the industry in which we operate; placing us at a competitive
disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; limiting our ability to borrow more money for operations, capital or to
finance acquisitions in the future; and requiring us to dispose of assets, if needed, in order to make required payments of interest
and principal. 

The
debt agreements that govern our outstanding indebtedness due January 2025 could result in our being required to repay these borrowings
on their due date. If we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms or are unable to refinance these borrowings,
the Hotel financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our
business model involves high fixed costs, including property taxes and insurance costs, which we may be unable to adjust in a timely
manner in response to a reduction in our revenues. 

The
costs associated with owning and operating the Hotel are significant. Some of these costs (such as property taxes and insurance costs)
are fixed, meaning that such costs may not be altered in a timely manner in response to changes in demand for services. Failure to adjust
our expenses may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our real property taxes may increase as property tax rates
change and as the values of properties are assessed and reassessed by tax authorities. Our real estate taxes do not depend on our revenues,
and generally we could not reduce them other than by disposing of our real estate assets. 

Insurance
premiums have increased significantly in recent years, and continued escalation may result in our inability to obtain adequate insurance
at acceptable premium rates. A continuation of this trend would appreciably increase the operating expenses of the Hotel. If we do not
obtain adequate insurance, to the extent that any of the events not covered by an insurance policy materialize, our financial condition
may be materially adversely affected. 

In
the future, our property may be subject to increases in real estate and other tax rates, utility costs, operating expenses, insurance
costs, repairs and maintenance and administrative expenses, which could reduce our cash flow and adversely affect our financial performance.
If our revenues decline and we are unable to reduce our expenses in a timely manner, our business and results of operations could be
adversely affected. 

12 

Risk
of declining market values in marketable securities. 

The
Company invests from time to time in marketable securities. As a result, the Company is exposed to market volatility in connection with
these investments. The Company s financial position and financial performance could be adversely affected by worsening market conditions
or sluggish performance of such investments. 

Illiquidity
risk in nonmarketable securities. 

Nonmarketable
securities are, by definition, instruments that are not readily salable in the capital markets, and when sold are usually at a substantial
discount. Thus, the holder is limited to return on investment from any income producing feature of the instrument, as any sale of such
an instrument would be subject to a substantial discount. Thus, a holder may need to hold such instruments for long period of time and
not be able to realize a return of their cash investment should there be a need to liquidate to obtain cash at any given time. 

Litigation
and legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and thus negatively affect our financial results. 

We
are a party, from time to time, to various litigation claims and legal proceedings, government and regulatory inquiries and/or proceedings,
including, but not limited to, intellectual property, premises liability and breach of contract claims. Material legal proceedings are
described more fully in Note 17, Commitments and Contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements, included in Item 8 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Litigation
is inherently unpredictable and defending these proceedings can result in significant ongoing expenditures and the diversion of our management s
time and attention from the operation of our business, which could have a negative effect on our business operations. Our failure to
successfully defend or settle any litigation or legal proceedings could result in liabilities that, to the extent not covered by our
insurance, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, revenue and profitability. 

The
threat of terrorism could adversely affect the number of customer visits to the Hotel . 

The
threat of terrorism has caused, and may in the future cause, a significant decrease in customer visits to San Francisco due to disruptions
in commercial and leisure travel patterns and concerns about travel safety. We cannot predict the extent to which disruptions in air
or other forms of travel as a result of any further terrorist act, outbreak of hostilities or escalation of war would adversely affect
our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The possibility of future attacks may hamper business and leisure travel
patterns and, accordingly, the performance of our business and our operations. 

We
depend in part, on third party management companies for the future success of our business and the loss of one or more of their key personnel
could have an adverse effect on our ability to manage our business and operate successfully and competitively or could be negatively
perceived in the capital markets. 

The
Hotel is managed by Aimbridge. Their ability to manage the Hotel and to operate successfully and competitively is dependent, in part,
upon the efforts and continued service of their managers. The departure of key personnel of current or future management companies could
have an adverse effect on our business and our ability to operate successfully and competitively, and it could be difficult to find replacements
for these key personnel, as competition for such personnel is intense. 

Seasonality
and other related factors such as weather can be expected to cause quarterly fluctuations in revenue at the Hotel. 

The
hotel and resort industry are seasonal in nature. This seasonality can tend to cause quarterly fluctuations in revenues at the Hotel.
Our quarterly earnings may also be adversely affected by other related factors outside our control, including weather conditions and
poor economic conditions. As a result, we may have to enter into short-term borrowings in certain quarters in order to offset these quarterly
fluctuations in our revenues. 

13 

The
hotel industry is heavily regulated and failure to comply with extensive regulatory requirements may result in an adverse effect on our
business. 

The
hotel industry is subject to extensive regulation and the Hotel must maintain its licenses and pay taxes and fees to continue operations.
Our property is subject to numerous laws, including those relating to the preparation and sale of food and beverages, including alcohol.
We are also subject to laws governing our relationship with our employees in such areas as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime,
working conditions, hiring and firing employees and work permits. Also, our ability to remodel, refurbish or add to our property may
be dependent upon our obtaining necessary building permits from local authorities. The failure to obtain any of these permits could adversely
affect our ability to increase revenues and net income through capital improvements of our property. In addition, we are subject to the
numerous rules and regulations relating to state and federal taxation. Compliance with these rules and regulations requires significant
management attention. Furthermore, compliance costs associated with such laws, regulations and licenses are significant. Any change in
the laws, regulations or licenses applicable to our business or a violation of any current or future laws or regulations applicable to
our business or gaming license could require us to make substantial expenditures or could otherwise negatively affect our gaming operations.
Any failure to comply with all such rules and regulations could subject us to fines or audits by the applicable taxation authority. 

Violations
of laws could result in, among other things, disciplinary action. If we fail to comply with regulatory requirements, this may result
in an adverse effect on our business. 

Uninsured
and underinsured losses could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

There
are certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes and floods or terrorist acts, which may be uninsurable
or not economically insurable, or may be subject to insurance coverage limitations, such as large deductibles or co-payments. We will
use our discretion in determining amounts, coverage limits, deductibility provisions of insurance and the appropriateness of self-insuring,
with a view to maintaining appropriate insurance coverage on our investments at a reasonable cost and on suitable terms. Uninsured and
underinsured losses could harm our financial condition and results of operations. We could incur liabilities resulting from loss or injury
to the Hotel or to persons at the Hotel. Claims, whether or not they have merit, could harm the reputation of the Hotel or cause us to
incur expenses to the extent of insurance deductibles or losses in excess of policy limitations, which could harm our results of operations. 

In
the event of a catastrophic loss, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover the full current market value or replacement
cost of our lost investment. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, we could lose all or a portion of
the capital we have invested in the Hotel, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property. In that event, we might nevertheless
remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the Hotel. In the event of a significant loss, our deductible
may be high, and we may be required to pay for all such repairs and, therefore, it could materially adversely affect our financial condition.
Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors might also keep us from using insurance
proceeds to replace or renovate the Hotel after it has been damaged or destroyed. Under those circumstances, the insurance proceeds we
receive might be inadequate to restore our economic position on the damaged or destroyed property. 

It
has generally become more difficult and expensive to obtain property and casualty insurance, including coverage for terrorism. When our
current insurance policies expire, we may encounter difficulty in obtaining or renewing property or casualty insurance on our property
at the same levels of coverage and under similar terms. Such insurance may be more limited and for some catastrophic risks (for example,
earthquake, flood and terrorism) may not be generally available at current levels. Even if we can renew our policies or to obtain new
policies at levels and with limitations consistent with our current policies, we cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain such insurance
at premium rates that are commercially reasonable. If we were unable to obtain adequate insurance on the Hotel for certain risks, it
could cause us to be in default under specific covenants on certain of our indebtedness or other contractual commitments that require
us to maintain adequate insurance on the Hotel to protect against the risk of loss. If this were to occur, or if we were unable to obtain
adequate insurance and the Hotel experienced damage which would otherwise have been covered by insurance, it could materially adversely
affect our financial condition and the operations of the Hotel. 

14 

In
addition, insurance coverage for the Hotel and for casualty losses does not customarily cover damages that are characterized as punitive
or similar damages. As a result, any claims or legal proceedings, or settlement of any such claims or legal proceedings that result in
damages that are characterized as punitive or similar damages may not be covered by our insurance. If these types of damages are substantial,
our financial resources may be adversely affected. 

You
may lose all or part of your investment. 

There
is no assurance that the Company s initiatives to improve its profitability or liquidity and financial position will be successful. 

The
price of the Company s common stock may fluctuate significantly, which could negatively affect the Company and holders of its common
stock. 

The
market price of the Company s common stock may fluctuate significantly from time to time as a result of many factors, including:
investors perceptions of the Company and its prospects; investors perceptions of the Company s and/or the industry s
risk and return characteristics relative to other investment alternatives; difficulties between actual financial and operating results
and those expected by investors and analysts; changes in our capital structure; trading volume fluctuations; actual or anticipated fluctuations
in quarterly financial and operational results; volatility in the equity securities market; and sales, or anticipated sales, of large
blocks of the Company s common stock. 

The
concentrated beneficial ownership of our common stock and the ability it affords to control our business may limit or eliminate other
shareholders ability to influence corporate affairs . 

The
Company s President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors, John V. Winfield is a 69.4 beneficial shareholder
of the Company. Because of this concentrated stock ownership, Mr. Winfield will be able to significantly influence the election of the
Company s board of directors and all other decisions on all matters requiring shareholder approval. As a result, the ability of
other shareholders to determine the management and policies of the Company is significantly limited. The interests of the Company s
largest shareholder may differ from the interests of other shareholders with respect to the issuance of shares, business transactions
with or sales to other companies, selection of officers and directors and other business decisions. This level of control may also have
an adverse impact on the market value of our shares because our largest shareholder may institute or undertake transactions, policies
or programs that may result in losses, may not take any steps to increase our visibility in the financial community and/or may sell enough
shares to significantly decrease our price per share. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

15 

Item
1C. Cybersecurity. 

The
Company maintains cyber risk management designed to preserve the security of data and technology infrastructure. On annual basis we conduct
assessments to identify cyber risks and have developed plans on how to address any such risks for remediation of vulnerabilities. 

Risk
management and strategy 

We
engage and implement risk management strategies for identification and management of material risks rising from cybersecurity threats
and alerts. Our method involves a systematic evaluation of all potential threats reported and discovered, vulnerabilities, and their
possible impacts on the Company s operations, data, and systems health. Our cybersecurity risk management strategy includes: 

Identify
 the risk to our environment; 

IT
 to identify and resolve the threat; 

monthly
 cybersecurity training to our staff; and 

cybersecurity
 incident response plan. 

Management
and Board Oversight 

Management
team is responsible for the oversight and administration of cyber security protocols. Our management team relies on our third-party providers
on administrating cybersecurity assessments to identify, manage, mitigate, and respond to cybersecurity threats. Management updates the
Board as necessary, regarding any significant cybersecurity occurrences. 

Item
2. Properties. 

SAN
FRANCISCO HOTEL PROPERTY 

The
Hotel is owned by Portsmouth through its wholly owned subsidiary, Operating. The Hotel is centrally located in the Financial District
in San Francisco, one block from the Transamerica Pyramid. The Embarcadero Center is within walking distance and North Beach is two blocks
away. Chinatown is directly across the bridge that runs from the Hotel to Portsmouth Square Park. The Hotel is a 31-story (including
parking garage), steel and concrete, A-frame building, built in 1970. The Hotel has 544 well-appointed guest rooms and luxury suites
situated on 22 floors. The Hotel has a restaurant, a lounge, and a private dining room on 3,700 square feet; additionally, there are
two kitchens to service the restaurant and banquets and a fully equipped gym. The third floor houses the Chinese Culture Center (the
 CCC ), its administrative office, and a grand ballroom. The Hotel has approximately 22,000 square feet of meeting room space,
including the grand ballroom. Other features of the Hotel include a 5-level underground parking garage and pedestrian bridge across Kearny
Street connecting the Hotel and the CCC with Portsmouth Square Park in Chinatown. 

As
required by its senior lender, Operating will continue to make minimum payments into its furniture, fixtures, and equipment FF E escrow account held by its senior lender of the greatest of 4 of annual revenues or a minimum of 1,952,000 per annum. In the opinion
of management, the Hotel is adequately covered by insurance. 

16 

HOTEL
FINANCING 

On
December 18, 2013: (i) Justice Operating Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Operating ), entered into a
loan agreement Mortgage Loan Agreement with Bank of America Mortgage Lender and (ii) Justice Mezzanine
Company, a Delaware limited liability company Mezzanine ), entered into a mezzanine loan agreement Mezzanine Loan
Agreement and, together with the Mortgage Loan Agreement, the Loan Agreements with ISBI San Francisco Mezz Lender
LLC Mezzanine Lender and, together with Mortgage Lender, the Lenders ). The Company is the sole member of
Mezzanine, and Mezzanine is the sole member of Operating. 

The
Loan Agreements provide for a 97,000,000 Mortgage Loan and a 20,000,000 Mezzanine Loan. The proceeds of the Loan Agreements were used
to fund the redemption of limited partnership interests and the pay-off of the prior mortgage. 

The
Mortgage Loan is secured by Portsmouth s principal asset, the Hotel. The Mortgage Loan bears an interest rate of 5.275 per annum
and matures in January 2024. The term of the loan is ten years with interest only due in the first three years and principal and interest
payments to be made during the remaining seven years of the loan based on a thirty-year amortization schedule. The Mortgage Loan also
requires payments for impounds related to property tax, insurance, and FF E reserves. As additional security for the Mortgage Loan,
there is a limited guaranty Mortgage Guaranty executed by Portsmouth in favor of the Mortgage Lender. On April 29, 2024,
U.S. Bank National Association and other lenders Lender entered into a Forbearance Agreement (the Mortgage Loan
Forbearance Agreement ), all capitalized terms are used in this paragraph as defined in this agreement with Operating. Assuming
no Termination Event occurs, Lender agrees to not take any action with respect to the loan facility set forth therein prior to January
1, 2025. During the Forbearance Period, Operating shall make all regularly scheduled payments to the Lender. The Mortgage Loan Forbearance
Agreement also contains amended terms as to financial covenants and a 10 principal paydown in the amount of 8,589,706.44 to be applied
by the Lender upon execution of the Mortgage Loan Forbearance Agreement. Retroactive to January 1, 2024, Operating is required to accrue
an additional 4 default interest, due and payable to Lender at the new maturity or loan prepayment. In addition, Operating paid 1 forbearance
fee or 858,971 to Lender upon execution of the Forbearance Agreement. 

The
Mezzanine Loan is secured by the Operating membership interest held by Mezzanine and is subordinated to the Mortgage Loan. On July 31,
2019, Mezzanine refinanced the Mezzanine Loan by entering into a new mezzanine loan agreement New Mezzanine Loan Agreement with Cred Reit Holdco LLC in the amount of 20,000,000. The interest rate on the new mezzanine loan is 7.25 and the loan matures on
January 1, 2024. Interest only payments are due monthly. As additional security for the new mezzanine loan, there is a limited guaranty
executed by the Company in favor of Cred Reit Holdco LLC (the Mezzanine Guaranty and, together with the Mortgage Guaranty,
the Guaranties ). On April 29, 2024, CRED REIT HOLDCO LLC Mezz Lender entered into a Forbearance Agreement
(the Mezz Forbearance Agreement ), all capitalized terms in this paragraph are used as defined in the Mezz Forbearance Agreement)
with Mezzanine, an indirect subsidiary of the Company. Assuming no Termination Event occurs, Mezz Lender agrees to not take any action
with respect to the loan facility set forth therein prior to January 1, 2025. The Mezz Lender also has advanced 4.5 million for payment
of the 10 principal paydown with respect to the Mortgage Loan Forbearance Agreement (defined below). Retroactive to January 1, 2024,
Mezzanine will be required to accrue an additional 4 default interest and a 1 forbearance fee or 245,000. During the Forbearance Period,
no payments will be due to the Mezz Lender until the new maturity date or loan prepayment. Both forbearance agreements also contain customary
and usual terms, events of default, transaction fees, and representations and warranties and covenants for like transactions. 

In
order to refinance the Hotel s aforementioned debt, in May 2024, the Company entered into a financing procurement agreement with
a global provider of financial advisory services to real estate owners. The Company will endeavor to refinance the aforementioned loans
prior to their new maturity. 

The
Guaranties are limited to what are commonly referred to as bad boy acts, including: (i) fraud or intentional misrepresentations;
(ii) gross negligence or willful misconduct; (iii) misapplication or misappropriation of rents, security deposits, insurance, or condemnation
proceeds; and (iv) failure to pay taxes or insurance. The Guaranties are full recourse guaranties under identified circumstances, including
failure to maintain single purpose status which is a factor in a consolidation of Operating or Mezzanine in a bankruptcy
of another person, transfer, or encumbrance of the Property in violation of the applicable loan documents, Operating or Mezzanine incurring
debts that are not permitted, and the Property becoming subject to a bankruptcy proceeding. Pursuant to the Guaranties, the Partnership
was required to maintain a certain minimum net worth and liquidity. Effective as of May 12, 2017, InterGroup agreed to become an additional
guarantor under the limited guaranty and an additional indemnitor under the environmental indemnity for the 97,000,000 mortgage loan
and the 20,000,000 mezzanine loan. Pursuant to the agreement, InterGroup is required to maintain a certain net worth and liquidity.
As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, InterGroup is in compliance with both requirements. Justice Operating Company, LLC is not meeting certain
of its loan covenants such as the Debt Service Coverage Ratio DSCR which would trigger the creation of a lockbox and
cash sweep by the Lender for all cash collected by the Hotel, and under certain terms, would allow the Lender to request Operating to
replace its hotel management company. However, such lockbox has been created and utilized from the loan inception and will be in place
up to loan maturity regardless of the DSCR. Justice has not missed any of its debt service payments and does not anticipate missing any
debt obligations up to their maturity. 

Each
of the Loan Agreements contains customary representations and warranties, events of default, reporting requirements, affirmative covenants,
and negative covenants, which impose restrictions on, among other things, organizational changes of the respective borrower, operations
of the Property, agreements with affiliates and third parties. Each of the Loan Agreements also provides for mandatory prepayments under
certain circumstances (including casualty or condemnation events) and voluntary prepayments, subject to satisfaction of prescribed conditions
set forth in the Loan Agreements. 

17 

On
July 2, 2014, the Partnership obtained from InterGroup an unsecured loan in the principal amount of 4,250,000 at 12 per year fixed
interest, with a term of 2 years, payable interest only each month. InterGroup received a 3 loan fee. The loan may be prepaid at
any time without penalty. The loan was extended to July 31, 2023. On December 16, 2020, the Partnership and InterGroup entered into
a loan modification agreement which increased the Partnership s borrowing from InterGroup as needed up to 10,000,000. Upon
the dissolution of the Partnership in December 2021, Portsmouth assumed the Partnership s note payable to InterGroup in the
amount of 11,350,000. On December 31, 2021, Portsmouth and InterGroup entered into a loan modification agreement which increased
Portsmouth s borrowing from InterGroup as needed up to 16,000,000. In July 2023, the note maturity date was extended to July
31, 2025 and the borrowing amount available was increased to 20,000,000. In March 2024, Portsmouth and InterGroup entered in a loan
modification agreement which increased Portsmouth s borrowing amount to 30,000,000. Portsmouth agreed to a 0.5 loan
modification fee for the increased borrowing of 10,000,000 payable to InterGroup. During the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024 and
2023, InterGroup advanced to the Hotel 10,793,000 and 1,500,000, respectively, to fund its hotel operations. As of June 30, 2024
and 2023, the amounts due to InterGroup were 26,493,000 and 15,700,000, respectively. Portsmouth has not made any paid-downs to
its note payable to InterGroup. 

RENTAL
PROPERTIES 

As
June 30, 2024, the Company s investment in real estate consisted of twenty properties located throughout the United States, with
a concentration in Texas and Los Angeles County, California. These properties include sixteen apartment complexes, three single-family
houses as strategic investments and one commercial real estate property. All properties are operating properties. In addition to the
properties, the Company owns approximately 2 acres of unimproved land in Maui, Hawaii. As of June 30, 2024, all the Company s operating
real estate properties are managed in-house. 

Description
of Properties 

Las
Colinas, Texas. The Las Colinas property is a waterfront apartment community along Beaver Creek that was developed in 1993 with 358
units on approximately 15.6 acres of land. The Company acquired the complex on April 30, 2004 for approximately 27,145,000. Depreciation
is recorded on the straight-line method, based upon an estimated useful life of 27.5 years. Real estate property taxes for the year ended
June 30, 2024 were approximately 1,083,000. In October 2021, the Company refinanced its 3.73 existing 15,900,000 mortgage note payable
on the property and generated net proceeds of 12,938,000. The outstanding mortgage balance was 28,800,000 as of June 30, 2024. The
annual interest rate on the mortgage is fixed at 2.95 for ten years with interest-only payments for the first five years and 30-year
amortization thereafter. The mortgage loan matures in November 2031. In December 2023, the Company obtained a second mortgage on its
358-unit apartment located in Las Colinas, Texas in the amount of 4,573,000. The term of the loan is approximately 7 years with interest
rate at 7.60 . The loan matures in November 2031. 

Morris
County, New Jersey. The Morris County property is a two-story garden apartment complex that was completed in June 1964 with 151 units
on approximately 8 acres of land. The Company acquired the complex on September 15, 1967 at an initial cost of approximately 1,600,000.
Real estate property taxes for the year ended June 30, 2024 were approximately 290,000. Depreciation is recorded on the straight-line
method, based upon an estimated useful life of 40 years. In April 2020, the Company refinanced its 3.51 and 4.51 existing 8,737,000
and 2,512,000 mortgages and generated net proceeds of 6,814,000. The outstanding mortgage balance was approximately 16,807,000 at
June 30, 2024 with a fixed interest rate of 3.17 per annum and the maturity date of the new mortgage is May 1, 2030. 

18 

St.
Louis, Missouri. The St. Louis property is a two-story project with 264 units on approximately 17.5 acres. The Company acquired the
complex on November 1, 1968 at an initial cost of 2,328,000. For the year ended June 30, 2024, real estate property taxes were approximately
 150,000. Depreciation is recorded on the straight-line method, based upon an estimated useful life of 40 years. On May 31, 2023, the
Company refinanced its 4,823,000 mortgage with a new two-year 5,360,000 mortgage. Interest-only payments are due monthly and commencing
on June 10, 2024, the Company will be required to make equal monthly principal installments of 5,500 up to the loan maturity of May
31, 2025. The outstanding mortgage balance was approximately 5,355,000 as of June 30, 2024. The floating interest rate is based on the
one month term SOFR plus 310 bps floating with a SOFR cap of 5.5 . The interest rate of the greater of (a) the Prime Rate for such day
and (b) the Federal Funds Rate for plus 0.50 . 5.5 per annum for two years with interest-only payments for the first year. The maturity
date of the mortgage is May 31, 2025. 

Florence,
Kentucky. The Florence property is a three-story apartment complex with 157 units on approximately 6.0 acres. The Company acquired
the property on December 20, 1972 at an initial cost of approximately 1,995,000. For the year ended June 30, 2024, real estate property
taxes were approximately 64,000. Depreciation is recorded on the straight-line method, based upon an estimated useful life of 40 years.
The outstanding mortgage balance was approximately 2,834,000 as of June 30, 2024 with a fixed interest rate of 3.875 per annum and
the maturity date of the mortgage is April 1, 2025. 

Los
Angeles, California. The Company owns one commercial property, twelve apartment complexes, and three single-family houses in the
general area of County of Los Angeles, California Los Angeles ). 

The
Company s Los Angeles commercial property is a 5,503 square foot, two story building that served as the Company s corporate
offices until it was leased out, effective October 1, 2009 and the Company leased a new space for its corporate office. The Company acquired
the building on March 4, 1999 for 1,876,000. Property taxes for the year ended June 30, 2024 were approximately 34,000. Depreciation
is recorded on the straight-line method, based upon an estimated useful life of 40 years. As of June 30, 2024, this property was not
encumbered by a mortgage. 

The
first Los Angeles apartment complex is a 10,600 square foot two-story apartment with 12 units. The Company acquired the property on July
30, 1999 at an initial cost of approximately 1,305,000. For the year ended June 30, 2024, real estate property taxes were approximately
 25,000. Depreciation is recorded on the straight-line method, based upon an estimated useful life of 40 years. The outstanding mortgage
balance was approximately 1,919,000 as of June 30, 2024 with a fixed interest rate of 3.59 per annum and the maturity date of the mortgage
is June 23, 2026. 

The
second Los Angeles apartment complex is a 12,700 square foot apartment with 14 units. The Company acquired the property on October 20,
1999 at an initial cost of approximately 2,150,000. For the year ended June 30, 2024, real estate property taxes were approximately
 40,000. Depreciation is recorded on the straight-line method, based upon an estimated useful life of 40 years. In January 2021, the
Company refinanced its 5.89 existing 1,597,000 mortgage and generated net proceeds of 1,057,000. The outstanding new mortgage balance
was approximately 2,585,000 at June 30, 2024 with a fixed interest rate of 3.05 per annum and the maturity date of the new mortgage
is February 1, 2031. 

19 

The
third Los Angeles apartment complex is a 10,500 square foot apartment with 9 units. The Company acquired the property on November 10,
1999 at an initial cost of approximately 1,675,000. For the year ended June 30, 2023, real estate property taxes were approximately
 32,000. Depreciation is recorded on the straight-line method, based upon an estimated useful life of 40 years. In November 2020, the
Company refinanced its 5.89 existing 1,088,000 mortgage and generated net proceeds of 798,000. The outstanding new mortgage balance
was approximately 1,848,000 as of June 30, 2024 with a fixed interest rate of 3.05 per annum and the maturity date of the new mortgage
is December 1, 2030. 

The
fourth Los Angeles apartment complex is a 26,100 square foot two-story apartment with 31 units. The Company acquired the property on
May 26, 2000 at an initial cost of approximately 7,500,000. For the year ended June 30, 2024, real estate property taxes were approximately
 129,000. Depreciation is recorded on the straight-line method, based upon an estimated useful life of 40 years. In October 2020, the
Company refinanced its 4.85 existing 4,800,000 mortgage and generated net proceeds of 3,529,000. The outstanding new mortgage balance
was approximately 8,102,000 at June 30, 2024 with a fixed interest rate of 2.52 per annum and the maturity date of the new mortgage
is November 1, 2030. The new mortgage requires interest-only payments for the first two years and will amortize over 30 years thereafter. 

The
fifth Los Angeles apartment complex is a 27,600 square foot two-story apartment with 30 units. The Company acquired the property on July
7, 2000 at an initial cost of approximately 4,411,000. For the year ended June 30, 2024, real estate property taxes were approximately
 82,000. Depreciation is recorded on the straight-line method, based upon an estimated useful life of 40 years. On June 30, 2022, the
Company refinanced its 5.97 , 5,283,000 mortgage note payable on this property and obtained a new mortgage note payable for 5,850,000.
The Company received net proceeds of 584,000 because of the refinance. The outstanding new mortgage balance was approximately 5,662,000
at June 30, 2024 with a fixed annual interest rate on the new mortgage at 4.40 for the first five years and 5.44 thereafter. The mortgage
loan matures in July 2052. 

The
sixth Los Angeles apartment complex is a 3,000 square foot apartment with 4 units. The Company acquired the property on July 19, 2000
at an initial cost of approximately 1,070,000. For the year ended June 30, 2024, real estate property taxes were approximately 18,000.
Depreciation is recorded on the straight-line method, based upon an estimated useful life of 40 years. In July 2021, the Company refinanced
its 3.75 existing 323,000 mortgage and generated net proceeds of 846,000. The outstanding new mortgage balance was approximately 1,088,000
as of June 30, 2024 with a fixed interest rate of 3.50 per annum and the maturity date of the new mortgage is July 1, 2051. 

The
seventh Los Angeles apartment complex is a 4,500 square foot two-story apartment with 4 units. The Company acquired the property on July
28, 2000 at an initial cost of approximately 1,005,000. For the year ended June 30, 2024, real estate property taxes were approximately
 19,000. Depreciation is recorded on the straight-line method, based upon an estimated useful life of 40 years. In June 2021, the Company
refinanced its 3.75 existing 563,000 mortgage and generated net proceeds of 619,000. The outstanding new mortgage balance was approximately
 1,088,000 at June 30, 2024 with a five-year fixed interest rate of 3.5 per annum and adjustable rate thereafter at 2.5 over the 6-month
LIBOR Index with semi-annual rate and payment adjustments. Semi-annual rate cap is 1.25 after the initial interest rate change with
a floor equal to the start rate and ceiling of 9.95 . The maturity date of the new mortgage is August 1, 2051. 

The
eighth Los Angeles apartment complex is a 7,500 square foot apartment with 7 units. The Company acquired the property on August 9, 2000
at an initial cost of approximately 1,308,000. For the year ended June 30, 2024, real estate property taxes were approximately 24,000.
Depreciation is recorded on the straight-line method, based upon an estimated useful life of 40 years. The outstanding mortgage balance
was approximately 733,000 as of June 30, 2024 with an interest rate of 4.125 and the maturity date of the mortgage is September 1,
2042. 

The
ninth Los Angeles apartment complex is a 13,000 square foot two-story apartment with 8 units. The Company acquired the property on May
1, 2001 at an initial cost of approximately 1,206,000. For the year ended June 30, 2024, real estate property taxes were approximately
 22,000. Depreciation is recorded on the straight-line method, based upon an estimated useful life of 40 years. In July 2021, the Company
refinanced the property s existing 3.75 , 416,000 mortgage with a new mortgage for 1,595,000. The Company generated net proceeds
of 1,098,000 from the refinancing. Interest rate on the new mortgage is fixed at 3.50 for five years and the mortgages mature in July
2051. Outstanding mortgage balance was approximately 1,503,000 as of June 30, 2024. 

20 

The
tenth Los Angeles apartment complex, is a 4,200 square foot two-story apartment with 2 units. For the year ended June 30, 2024, real
estate property taxes were approximately 14,000. Depreciation is recorded on the straight-line method based upon an estimated useful
life of 40 years. The Company acquired the property on November 23, 2020 at an initial cost of approximately 1,530,000. In July 2021,
the Company refinanced the property s existing 3.75 , 327,000 mortgage with a new mortgage for 700,000. The Company generated
net proceeds of 381,000 from the refinancing. Interest rate on the new mortgage is fixed at 3.50 for five years and the mortgage matures
in July 2051. Outstanding mortgage balance was approximately 659,000 as of June 30, 2024. 

The
eleventh apartment which is located in Marina del Rey, California, is a 6,316 square foot two-story apartment with 9 units. The Company
acquired the property on April 29, 2011 at an initial cost of approximately 4,000,000. For the year ended June 30, 2024, real estate
property taxes were approximately 61,000. Depreciation is recorded on the straight-line method, based upon an estimated useful life
of 27.5 years. In June 2020, the Company refinanced its 5.6 existing 1,303,000 mortgage and generated net proceeds of 1,144,000. The
outstanding new mortgage balance was approximately 2,386,000 as of June 30, 2024 with a fixed interest rate of 3.09 per annum and the
maturity date of the new mortgage is July 1, 2030. 

The
twelfth Los Angeles apartment complex is a 4,093 square foot apartment with 4 units. In an all-cash transaction, the Company acquired
the property on May 14, 2021 at an initial cost of approximately 2,600,000. Depreciation is recorded on the straight-line method, based
upon an estimated useful life of 40 years. For the year ended June 30, 2024, real estate property taxes were approximately 33,000. In
July 2021, the Company obtained a mortgage on the property for 830,000, generating net proceeds of 836,000. The interest rate on the
mortgage is fixed at 3.50 for five years and the mortgage matures in August 2051. Outstanding mortgage balance was approximately 783,000
as of June 30, 2024. 

The
first Los Angeles single-family house is a 2,771 square foot home. The Company acquired the property on November 9, 2000 at an initial
cost of approximately 660,000. For the year ended June 30, 2024, real estate property taxes were approximately 12,000. Depreciation
is recorded on the straight-line method, based upon an estimated useful life of 40 years. In June 2021, the Company refinanced its 3.75 
existing 363,000 mortgage and generated net proceeds of 576,000. The outstanding new mortgage balance was approximately 867,000 as
of June 30, 2024 with a five-year fixed interest rate of 3.5 per annum adjustable rate thereafter at 2.5 over the 6-month LIBOR Index
with semi-annual rate and payment adjustments. Semi-annual rate cap is 1.25 after the initial interest rate change with a floor equal
to the start rate and ceiling of 9.95 . The maturity date of the new mortgage is August 1, 2051. 

The
second Los Angeles single-family house is a 2,201 square foot home. The Company acquired the property on August 22, 2003 at an initial
cost of approximately 700,000. For the year ended June 30, 2024, real estate property taxes were approximately 14,000. Depreciation
is recorded on the straight-line method, based upon an estimated useful life of 40 years. In June 2021, the Company refinanced its 3.75 
existing 388,000 mortgage and generated net proceeds of 183,000. The outstanding new mortgage balance was approximately 523,000 as
of June 30, 2024 with a five-year fixed interest rate of 3.5 per annum adjustable rate thereafter at 2.5 over the 6-month LIBOR Index
with semi-annual rate and payment adjustments. Semi-annual rate cap is 1.25 after the initial interest rate change with a floor equal
to the start rate and ceiling of 9.95 . The maturity date of the new mortgage is August 1, 2051. 

The
third Los Angeles single-family house is a 2,387 square foot home. The company acquired the property in July of 2015 as a strategic asset
for 1,975,000. For the year ended June 30, 2024, real estate property taxes were approximately 28,000. Depreciation is recorded on
the straight-line method, based upon an estimated useful life of 40 years. In September 2021, the Company refinanced the property s
existing 4.75 per annum mortgage and reduced the rate to five-year fixed at 3.5 per annum, adjustable thereafter at 2.5 over the 6-month
LIBOR Index with semi-annual rate and payment adjustments. Semi-annual rate cap is 1.25 after the initial interest rate change with
a floor equal to the start rate and ceiling of 9.95 . The outstanding mortgage balance was approximately 910,000 as of June 30, 2024
and the maturity date of the mortgage is October 1, 2048. 

21 

Maui,
Hawaii . In August 2004, the Company purchased an approximately two-acre parcel of unimproved land in Kihei, Maui, Hawaii for 1,467,000.
Upon the recent wildfires in the area the land was not impacted. As of June 30, 2024, this property is not encumbered by a mortgage. 

MORTGAGES 

Further
information with respect to mortgage notes payable of the Company is set forth in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ECONOMIC
AND PHYSICAL OCCUPANCY RATES 

The
Company leases units in its residential rental properties on a short-term basis, with no lease extending beyond one year. The economic
occupancy (gross potential less rent below market, vacancy loss, bad debt, discounts and concessions divided by gross potential rent)
and the physical occupancy (gross potential rent less vacancy loss divided by gross potential rent) for each of the Company s operating
properties for fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 are provided below. 

Property 
 Economic Occupancy 
 Physical Occupancy 
 
 1. Las Colinas, TX 
 83 
 91 
 
 2. Morris County, NJ 
 84 
 96 
 
 3. St. Louis, MO 
 31 
 37 
 
 4. Florence, KY 
 85 
 96 
 
 5. Los Angeles, CA (1) 
 88 
 96 
 
 6. Los Angeles, CA (2) 
 100 
 94 
 
 7. Los Angeles, CA (3) 
 96 
 94 
 
 8. Los Angeles, CA (4) 
 81 
 95 
 
 9. Los Angeles, CA (5) 
 99 
 99 
 
 10. Los Angeles, CA (6) 
 98 
 97 
 
 11. Los Angeles, CA (7) 
 97 
 92 
 
 12. Los Angeles, CA (8) 
 98 
 96 
 
 13. Los Angeles, CA (9) 
 89 
 87 
 
 14. Los Angeles, CA (10) 
 100 
 100 
 
 15. Los Angeles, CA (11) 
 98 
 100 
 
 16. Los Angeles, CA (12) 
 74 
 97 
 
 17. Los Angeles, CA (13) 
 100 
 100 
 
 18. Los Angeles, CA (14) 
 100 
 100 
 
 19. Los Angeles, CA (15) 
 67 
 50 

The
Company s Los Angeles, California properties are subject to various rent control laws, ordinances and regulations which impact
the Company s ability to adjust and achieve higher rental rates. In February 2022, the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors
extended the majority of the eviction moratorium to 2022 and parts of it until 2023. The County s non-payment COVID-19 tenant eviction
protection resolution expired on March 31, 2023. Landlords in California are not allowed to evict tenants for unpaid rent prior to March
2023 and are allowed to file a civil complaint for such rent immediately. The Company has filed civil complaints for unpaid rent and
will continue to pursue all unpaid rent. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

The
Company may be subject to legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company will defend
itself vigorously against any such claims. Management does not believe that the impact of such matters will have a material effect on
the financial conditions or result of operations when resolved. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

22 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters. 

MARKET
INFORMATION 

The
Company s Common Stock is listed and trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market, LLC under the symbol:
 INTG . As of June 30, 2024, the approximate number of holders of record of the Company s Common Stock was 150. Such
number of owners was determined from the Company s shareholders records and does not include beneficial owners of the Company s
Common Stock whose shares are held in names of various brokers, clearing agencies or other nominees. 

DIVIDENDS 

The
Company has not declared any cash dividends on its common stock and does not foresee issuing cash dividends in the near future. 

SECURITIES
AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS. 

This
information appears in Part III, Item 12 of this report. 

23 

ISSUER
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

The
following table reflects purchases of InterGroup s common stock made by The InterGroup Corporation, for its own account, during
the fourth quarter of its fiscal year ending June 30, 2024. 

SMALL
BUSINESS ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Fiscal 2024 Period 
 (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased 
 (b) Average Price Paid Per Share 
 (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 (d) Maximum Number of shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 
 
 Month #1 (April 1- April 30) 
 3,454 
 20.56 
 3,454 
 68,564 

Month #2 (May 1- May 31) 
 2,788 
 20.32 
 2,788 
 65,776 

Month #3 (June 1- June 30) 
 2,017 
 20.88 
 2,017 
 63,759 

TOTAL: 
 8,259 
 20.56 
 8,259 
 63,759 

The
Company has only one stock repurchase program. The program was initially announced on January 13, 1998 and was amended on February 10,
2003 and October 12, 2004. The total number of shares authorized to be repurchased pursuant to those prior authorizations was 870,000,
adjusted for stock splits. On June 3, 2009, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to purchase up to an additional 125,000 shares
of Company s common stock. On November 15, 2012, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to purchase up to an additional
100,000 shares of Company s common stock. On September 23, 2019, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to purchase up to
an additional 120,000 shares of Company s common stock. On December 20, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to
purchase up to an additional 125,000 shares of Company s common stock. The purchases will be made, in the discretion of management,
from time to time, in the open market or through privately negotiated third party transactions depending on market conditions and other
factors. The Company s repurchase program has no expiration date and can be amended and increased, from time to time, in the discretion
of the Board of Directors. No plan or program expired during the period covered by the table. 

Item
6. Reserved. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
7. Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
consolidated financial statements, related notes included thereto and Item 1A., Risk Factors, appearing elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. For the discussion and analysis of our 2023 financial condition and results of operations compared to 2024,
refer to Item 7., Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. 

NEGATIVE
EFFECTS OF THE PUBLIC PERCEPTION OF SAN FRANCISCO 

The
San Francisco hospitality community continues to struggle with the perception that the city is plagued with homelessness, open air drug
use, dirty streets, rampant crime, and an exodus of business and retail establishments. While these issues do exist, they are not anywhere
near the levels at which people outside of the city believe them to be including those responsible for travel for organizations and individual
leisure travelers. We know this to be true as our sales team along with the sales team of SF Travel report these concerns as the biggest
impact on companies choosing not to bring their events to San Francisco. The city has done a great job of cleaning up the streets and
is just getting started on clearing out homeless encampments, that will take time but should help the perception of city to those looking
at us as a potential destination. Compounding the issue is a tight Mayoral race in which all the candidates, with the exception of one,
the incumbent, are looking to play up these issues in an effort to get them elected by highlighting the shortcomings of the city. Many
of the positive stories coming out about the city and its recovery, including the explosion of AI and the companies at the forefront
of it based out of San Francisco are helping to change the narrative back to one of innovation and the future of technology. 

24 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

As
of June 30, 2024, the Company owned approximately 75.7 of the common shares of Portsmouth Square, Inc. The Company s principal
sources of revenue are revenues from the hotel owned by Portsmouth, rental income from its investments in multi-family and commercial
real estate properties, and income received from investment of its cash and securities assets. 

Portsmouth s
primary asset is a 544-room hotel property located at 750 Kearny Street, San Francisco, California 94108, known as the Hilton
San Francisco Financial District (the Hotel or the Property and related facilities, including a five-level
underground parking garage. The financial statements of Portsmouth have been consolidated with those of the Company. 

In
addition to the operations of the Hotel, the Company also generates income from the ownership and management of its real estate. Properties
include sixteen apartment complexes, one commercial real estate property, and three single-family houses as strategic investments. The
properties are located throughout the United States but are concentrated in Texas and Southern California. The Company also has an investment
in unimproved real property in Hawaii. 

The
Company acquires its investments in real estate and other investments utilizing cash, securities or debt, subject to approval or guidelines
of the Board of Directors. The Company also invests in income-producing instruments, equity and debt securities and will consider other
investments if such investments offer growth or profit potential. 

Fiscal
Year Ended June 30, 2024, Compared to Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023 

The
Company had a net loss of 12,556,000 for the year ended June 30, 2024 compared to a net loss of 9,932,000 for the year ended June 30,
2023. Income from operations was 1,454,000 for the year ended June 30, 2024 and income from operations was 4,336,000 for fiscal year
ended June 30, 2023. The Company recorded losses of 1,633,000 from marketable securities transactions during fiscal year ended June
30, 2024 as compared to gains of 58,000 during fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. Gain on insurance recovery of 2,692,000 was recorded
during fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. The Company incurred interest expense of 12,007,000 and 8,585,000 during fiscal years ended
June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, or an increase of 3,422,000 primarily as a result of additional interest being incurred in its
hotel operation. 

Hotel
Operations 

The
Company had net loss of 7,154,000 from Hotel operations for the year ended June 30, 2024 compared to net loss of 1,712,000 for the
year ended June 30, 2023. The change was primarily attributable to the increase of 1,682,000 in operating expenses and the 2,940,000
increase in interest expense. The Hotel had an income tax provision expense adjustment of 7,912,000 at June 30, 2023 mainly due to a
valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets. The increase in pre-tax loss during June 30, 2024 over 2023, was as a result of increased
operating expenses, increased mortgage interest expense from the 4 default additional interest rate on the senior and mezzanine loans
as provided in the Forbearance Agreement entered into with its senior and mezzanine lenders retroactive to January 1, 2024 and an increase
in related party accrued interest expense due to a higher balance due Intergroup. 

25 

The
following tables set forth a more detailed presentation of Hotel operations for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

For the year ended June 30, 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Hotel revenues: 

Hotel rooms 
 35,239,000 
 35,684,000 
 
 Food and beverage 
 3,213,000 
 2,625,000 
 
 Garage 
 2,988,000 
 2,790,000 
 
 Other operating departments 
 446,000 
 928,000 
 
 Total hotel revenues 
 41,886,000 
 42,027,000 
 
 Operating expenses excluding depreciation and amortization 
 (36,139,000 
 (34,457,000 
 
 Operating income interest, depreciation and amortization 
 5,747,000 
 7,570,000 
 
 Interest expense - mortgage 
 (9,407,000 
 (6,467,000 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 (3,494,000 
 (2,815,000 
 
 Net loss from Hotel operations 
 (7,154,000 
 (1,712,000 

For
the year ended June 30, 2024, the Hotel had operating income of 5,747,000 before interest, depreciation, and amortization on total operating
revenues of 41,886,000. The following table sets forth the monthly average occupancy percentage of the Hotel for the fiscal years ended
June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Month 
 Jul 
 Aug 
 Sep 
 Oct 
 Nov 
 Dec 
 Jan 
 Feb 
 Mar 
 Apr 
 May 
 Jun 
 Fiscal Year 
 
 Year 
 2023 
 2023 
 2023 
 2023 
 2023 
 2023 
 2024 
 2024 
 2024 
 2024 
 2024 
 2024 
 2023 2024 
 
 Average Occupancy 
 81 
 89 
 93 
 83 
 79 
 80 
 80 
 78 
 76 
 73 
 78 
 87 
 82 

Year 
 2022 
 2022 
 2022 
 2022 
 2022 
 2022 
 2023 
 2023 
 2023 
 2023 
 2023 
 2023 
 2022 2023 
 
 Average Occupancy 
 93 
 94 
 95 
 89 
 82 
 77 
 76 
 77 
 81 
 65 
 80 
 83 
 83 

Beginning
in November 2022, the occupancy of our hotel has been reduced by approximately 13 - 18 every month to reflect the out-of-order 
rooms that were being renovated at any given time. As of June 30, 2024, the guestroom renovation was completed. Additionally, 14 guest
rooms will be added during fiscal year 2025 to inventory as a result of renovating such rooms which had been repurposed for administrative
offices in past years. 

 Total
operating expenses increased by 1,682,000 due to increase in rooms, food and beverage, salaries and wages, utilities, credit card commissions,
and franchise fees. 

 The
following table sets forth the average daily room rate, average occupancy percentage and room revenue per available room RevPAR of the Hotel for the year ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

For the Year Ended June 30, 
 Average Daily Rate 
 Average Occupancy 
 RevPAR 

2024 
 217 
 82 
 177 
 
 2023 
 217 
 83 
 180 

26 

The
Hotel s revenues decreased by less than 1 year over year. Average daily rate remained the same, average occupancy decreased 1 ,
and RevPAR increased by 3 for the twelve months ended June 30, 2024 compared to the twelve months ended June 30, 2023. 

The
Hotel started its full renovation of all guest rooms and suites mid-November 2022 and completed the renovation by June 30, 2024. 

Real
Estate Operations 

Revenues
from real estate operations increased for June 30, 2024 and 2023 at 16,254,000 and 15,580,000 primarily as the result of higher occupancy and increased rental rates. Real
estate operating expenses decreased to 9,836,000 from 10,017,000 primarily due to decrease in salaries and related costs. Management continues to review and analyze the Company s
real estate operations to improve occupancy and rental rates and to reduce expenses and improve efficiency. 

Investment
Transactions 

The
Company had a net loss on marketable securities of 485,000 for the year ended June 30, 2024 compared to a net income on marketable securities
of 1,126,000 for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company had a net realized gain of 1,251,000 and a net unrealized loss of 1,736,000. For the year
ended June 30, 2023, the Company had a net realized loss of 1,712,000 and a net unrealized gain of 2,838,000. 

Gains
and losses on marketable securities may fluctuate significantly from period to period in the future and could have a significant impact
on the Company s results of operations. However, the amount of gain or loss on marketable securities for any given period may have
no predictive value and variations in amount from period to period may have no analytical value. For a more detailed description of the
composition of the Company s marketable securities see the Marketable Securities section below. 

During
the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company performed an impairment analysis of its other investments and determined that its
investments had other than temporary impairment and recorded impairment losses of 5,000 and 0, respectively. 

The
Company and its subsidiary Portsmouth compute and file income tax returns and prepare separate income tax provisions for financial reporting.
The Company does not record an income tax benefit from its pre-tax losses due to its continued operating losses during the past three
consecutive taxable years. However, for the year ended June 30, 2023, an expense of 7,912,000 income tax expense was recorded due to
the setup of a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. 

27 

MARKETABLE
SECURITIES AND OTHER INVESTMENTS 

As
of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had investments in marketable equity securities of 7,454,000 and 18,345,000, respectively. The
following table shows the composition of the Company s marketable securities portfolio by selected industry groups: 

As of June 30, 2024 Industry Group 
 Fair Value 
 of Total Investment Securities 
 
 REITs and real estate companies 
 3,358,000 
 45.1 
 
 Communication services 
 1,994,000 
 26.7 
 
 T-Notes 
 933,000 
 12.5 
 
 Energy 
 303,000 
 4.1 
 
 Financial services 
 269,000 
 3.6 
 
 Healthcare 
 179,000 
 2.4 
 
 Utilities 
 163,000 
 2.2 
 
 Industrial 
 159,000 
 2.1 
 
 Basic materials 
 75,000 
 1.0 
 
 Technology 
 21,000 
 0.3 

7,454,000 
 100.0 

As of June 30, 2023 Industry Group 
 Fair Value 
 of Total Investment Securities 
 
 REITs and real estate companies 
 6,985,000 
 38.1 
 
 Technology 
 2,779,000 
 15.1 
 
 T-Notes 
 2,093,000 
 11.4 
 
 Financial services 
 1,865,000 
 10.2 
 
 Consumer cyclical 
 1,689,000 
 9.2 
 
 Basic materials 
 1,047,000 
 5.7 
 
 Healthcare 
 739,000 
 4.0 
 
 Communication services 
 566,000 
 3.1 
 
 Industrial 
 485,000 
 2.7 
 
 Utilities 
 97,000 
 0.5 

18,345,000 
 100.0 

As
of June 30, 2024, the Company s investment portfolio is diversified with 24 different equity positions. The Company holds two equity
securities that comprised more than 10 of the equity value of the portfolio. The two largest security positions represent 28 and 22 
of the portfolio and consists of the common stock of American Realty Investors, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARL) and Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG),
which are included in the REITs and real estate companies and Communication Services, respectively. 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company s investment portfolio is diversified with 59 different equity positions. The Company holds one equity
security that comprised more than 10 of the equity value of the portfolio. The three largest security position represent 19 , 4 , and
4 of the portfolio and consists of the common stock of American Realty Investors, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARL), Ouster Inc Common Stock
(NASDAQ: OUST), and Bank Hawaii Corp (NASDAQ: BOH), which are included in the REITs and real estate companies, Financial Services, and
Financial Services industry groups, respectively. 

The
following table shows the net (loss) gain on the Company s marketable securities and the associated margin interest and trading
expenses for the respective years. 

For the years ended June 30, 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Net (loss) gain on marketable securities 
 (485,000 
 1,126,000 
 
 Impairment loss on other investments 
 (5,000 
 - 
 
 Dividend and interest income 
 405,000 
 485,000 
 
 Margin interest expense 
 (1,013,000 
 (848,000 
 
 Trading expenses 
 (535,000 
 (705,000 
 
 Net (loss) gain from marketable securities operations 
 (1,633,000 
 58,000 

28 

FINANCIAL
CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL SOURCES 

The
Company had cash and cash equivalents of 4,333,000 and 5,960,000 as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company had restricted
cash of 4,361,000 and 6,914,000 as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company had marketable securities, net of margin due
to securities brokers and obligations for securities sold of 7,266,000 and 15,328,000 as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These
marketable securities are short-term investments and liquid in nature. 

On
December 16, 2020, Justice and InterGroup entered into a loan modification agreement which increased Justice s borrowing from InterGroup
as needed up to 10,000,000 and extended the maturity date of the loan to July 31, 2021. As of the date of this report, the maturity
date was extended to July 31, 2025. Upon the dissolution of Justice in December 2021, Portsmouth assumed Justice s note payable
to InterGroup in the amount of 11,350,000. On December 31, 2021, Portsmouth and InterGroup entered into a loan modification agreement
which increased Portsmouth s borrowing from InterGroup as needed up to 16,000,000. In July 2023, Portsmouth and InterGroup entered
into a new loan modification agreement which increased Portsmouth s borrowing from InterGroup up to 20,000,000. In March 2024,
Portsmouth and InterGroup entered in a loan modification agreement which increased Portsmouth s borrowing amount to 30,000,000.
Portsmouth agreed to a 0.5 loan modification fee for the increased borrowing of 10,000,000 payable to InterGroup. During the fiscal
year ending June 30, 2024 and 2023, InterGroup advanced to the Hotel 10,793,000 and 1,500,000, respectively, bringing the total amounts
due to InterGroup were 26,493,000 and 15,700,000 as of June 30, 2024 and 2023. Portsmouth has not made any paid-downs to its note payable
to InterGroup. The Company could amend its by-laws and increase the number of authorized shares to issue additional shares to raise capital
in the public markets if needed. 

During
the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024, the Company obtained a second mortgage on its 358-unit apartment located in Las Colinas, Texas
in the amount of 4,573,000. The term of the loan is approximately 7 years with interest rate at 7.60 . During the fiscal year ending
June 30, 2023, the Company completed the refinancing on our St. Louis, Missouri property 4.9 million loan and obtain a 5,360,000 new
two-year loan at a floating interest rate of 3.1 over the cap 5.5 SOFR. We are currently evaluating other refinancing opportunities
and we could refinance additional multifamily properties should the need arise, or should management consider the interest rate environment
favorable. 

On
April 27, 2020, InterGroup entered into a loan agreement SBA Loan - InterGroup with CIBC Bank USA under the CARES Act
and received loan proceeds in the amount of 453,000. As of March 31, 2021, InterGroup had used all of the 453,000 loan proceeds in
qualified payroll expenses. The SBA Loan InterGroup was scheduled to mature on April 27, 2022 and had a 1.00 interest rate.
The SBA Loans are subject to the terms and conditions applicable to loans administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration under
the CARES Act. If the SBA approves the forgiveness amount, all payments of principal and interest are deferred until the date the forgiveness
amount is remitted by the SBA to CIBC. If the SBA does not forgive any amount of the loan, payments would start within 30 days. All unforgiven
portion of the principal and accrued interest will be due at maturity. In March of 2021 the SBA had forgiven the full 453,000 of the
SBA Loan. In February 2024 InterGroup repaid the loan after an eligibility investigation took place concluding the type of business was
ineligible for the loan. The repayment of the SBA loan has been recorded as a loss on extinguishment of debt in the condensed consolidated
statements of operations for the year ended June 30, 2024. 

29 

Our
known short-term liquidity requirements primarily consist of funds necessary to pay for operating and other expenditures, including management
and franchise fees, corporate expenses, payroll and related costs, taxes, interest and principal payments on our outstanding indebtedness,
and repairs and maintenance of the Hotel. 

Our
long-term liquidity requirements primarily consist of funds necessary to pay for scheduled debt maturities and capital improvements of
the Hotel and our real estate properties. We will continue to finance our business activities primarily with existing cash, including
from the activities described above, and cash generated from our operations. The objectives of our cash management policy are to increase
existing leverage levels and the availability of liquidity, while minimizing operational costs. However, there can be no guarantee that
management will be successful with its plan. 

Going
Concern 

The
Hotel financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. As discussed in Note 10 Mortgage Notes Payable, as of June 30, 2024, the outstanding
balance consists of a senior mortgage loan and mezzanine loan totaling 100,783,000 net of debt issuance costs amounting to 679,000.
Both loans matured on January 1, 2024 and were extended to January 1, 2025 on April 29, 2024 through Forbearance Agreements. In addition,
the Hotel has recurring losses and has an accumulated deficit of 117,102,000 which includes a 64,100,000 increase adjustment made in
December 2013 as a result of the partnership redemption. 

Due
to these factors and the Hotel s ability to successfully refinance the debt on favorable terms in the current lending environment
gives rise to substantial doubt about the Hotel s ability to continue as a going concern for one year after the financial statement
issuance date. 

On
January 4, 2024, the Hotel was made aware of a notice of default (the Notice issued by its senior loan special servicer
LNR Partners, LLC to Justice Operating Company, LLC which is the wholly owned subsidiary of Portsmouth. The Notice states that the lender
has rights as a result of such defaults, including, but not limited to, acceleration of the loans, foreclosure on collateral and other
rights and remedies under the loan documents and otherwise available under the law. On January 10, 2024, the Company filed the required
Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During the entire life of the outstanding debt, the Company has made all mortgage
payments timely as of the date of maturity and as of June 30, 2024, there were no delinquent amounts due to the senior or mezzanine lenders.
On April 29, 2024, the Company entered into forbearance agreements with its senior and mezzanine lenders which establishes, among other
customary terms, the new maturity date of January 1, 2025. While the Company successfully entered into the aforementioned forbearance
agreements, we continue our efforts to place a longer term refinancing solution to its current senior mortgage and mezzanine debt with
potential lenders. As such, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain additional liquidity when needed or under
acceptable terms, if at all. 

The
Hotel has successfully completed its full guest-rooms renovation over the last 2 years along with public space, fitness center, corridors,
and meeting space. With newly renovated rooms in its Competitive Set of hotels CompSet and will allow the hotel to continue
to drive rate and grow RevPAR over the market and its CompSet. The hotel recently received its annual Quality Assurance inspection from
Hilton and received the highest score at least in the hotel s last decade at 94.45 which is an Outstanding ranking
by Hilton. 

Even
during the renovation that took out between 2-4 floors or 50-100 guest rooms of inventory at a time, the Hotel maintained an index of
over 100 . At the end of the renovation in June 2024, the Hotel s trailing 12-month index was 109.6 . During the fiscal year ending
June 30, 2024, the Hotel s CompSet achieved a RevPAR of 161.47 while the Hotel had a RevPAR of 176.99. An excellent achievement
for our property while it had roughly 13 -18 of its inventory unavailable over this time period. Since the completion of the renovation,
the Hotel has increased its lead in RevPAR on the CompSet dramatically. In the two months since completing the renovation, the Hotel
has achieved an average RevPAR index of over 150 for both months. While the CompSet has lost over 15 RevPAR; in these two months, the
Hotel has grown over 15 in this metric. 

The
financial statements do not include any adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets, liabilities, and reported expenses that may be
necessary if the Company were unable to continue as a going concern. 

30 

MATERIAL
CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 

The
following table provides a summary as of June 30, 2024, the Company s material financial obligations which also includes interest
payments. 

Year 
 Year 
 Year 
 Year 
 Year 

Total 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 2029 
 Thereafter 
 
 Mortgage and subordinated notes payable 
 190,486,000 
 110,778,000 
 1,161,000 
 3,295,000 
 1,768,000 
 1,843,000 
 71,641,000 
 
 Other notes payable 
 2,388,000 
 567,000 
 567,000 
 463,000 
 317,000 
 317,000 
 157,000 
 
 Interest 
 32,784,000 
 11,571,000 
 2,757,000 
 2,649,000 
 2,653,000 
 2,587,000 
 10,567,000 
 
 Total 
 225,658,000 
 122,916,000 
 4,485,000 
 6,407,000 
 4,738,000 
 4,747,000 
 82,365,000 

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

The
Company has no material off balance sheet arrangements. 

IMPACT
OF INFLATION 

Hotel
room rates are typically impacted by supply and demand factors, not inflation, since rental of a hotel room is usually for a limited
number of nights. Room rates can be, and usually are, adjusted to account for inflationary cost increases. Since Aimbridge has the power
and ability under the terms of its management agreement to adjust Hotel room rates on an ongoing basis, there
should be minimal impact on partnership revenues due to inflation. For the two most recent fiscal years, the impact of inflation on the
Company s income is not viewed by management as material. 

The
Company s residential rental properties provide income from short-term operating leases and no lease extends beyond one year. Rental
increases are expected to offset anticipated increased property operating expenses. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

Critical
accounting policies are those that are most significant to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require
judgments by management in order to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The preparation of these
financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements.
We evaluate our estimates on an on-going basis, including those related to the consolidation of our subsidiaries, to our revenues, allowances
for bad debts, accruals, asset impairments, other investments, income taxes and commitments and contingencies. We base our estimates
on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which
form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. The actual results may differ from these estimates,
or our estimates may be affected by different assumptions or conditions. 

INCOME
TAXES 

Judgment
is required in addressing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or
tax returns (e.g., realization of deferred tax assets, changes in tax laws, or interpretations thereof). In addition, we are subject
to examination of our income tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities. A change in the assessment of the outcomes of such matters
could materially impact our consolidated financial statements. We evaluate tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return
to determine whether they are more likely than not of being sustained, assuming that the tax reporting positions will be examined by
taxing authorities with full knowledge of all relevant information, prior to recording the related tax benefit in our consolidated financial
statements. If a position does not meet the more likely than not standard, the benefit cannot be recognized. Assumptions, judgment, and
the use of estimates are required in determining if the more likely than not standard has been met when developing the
provision for income taxes. A change in the assessment of the more likely than not standard with respect to a position
could materially impact our consolidated financial statements. 

31 

DEFERRED
INCOME TAXES VALUATION ALLOWANCE 

We
assess the realizability of our deferred tax assets quarterly and recognize a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that
some or all of our deferred tax assets are not realizable. This assessment is completed by tax jurisdiction and relies on the weight
of both positive and negative evidence available, with significant weight placed on recent financial results. Cumulative pre-tax losses
for the three-year period are considered significant objective negative evidence that some or all of our deferred tax assets may not
be realizable. Cumulative reported pre-tax income is considered objectively verifiable positive evidence of our ability to generate positive
pre-tax income in the future. In accordance with GAAP, when there is a recent history of pre-tax losses, there is little or no weight
placed on forecasts for purposes of assessing the recoverability of our deferred tax assets. When necessary, we use systematic and logical
methods to estimate when deferred tax liabilities will reverse and generate taxable income and when deferred tax assets will reverse
and generate tax deductions. Assumptions, judgment, and the use of estimates are required when scheduling the reversal of deferred tax
assets and liabilities, and the exercise is inherently complex and subjective. However, significant judgment will be required to determine
the timing and amount of any reversal of the valuation allowance in future periods. 

HOTEL
ASSETS AND DEFINITE-LIVED INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

We
evaluate property and equipment, and definite-lived intangible assets for impairment quarterly, and when events or circumstances indicate
the carrying value may not be recoverable, we evaluate the net book value of the assets by comparing to the projected undiscounted cash
flows of the assets. We use judgment to determine whether indications of impairment exist and consider our knowledge of the hospitality
industry, historical experience, location of the property, market conditions, and property-specific information available at the time
of the assessment. The results of our analysis could vary from period to period depending on how our judgment is applied and the facts
and circumstances available at the time of the analysis. When an indicator of impairment exists, judgment is also required in determining
the assumptions and estimates to use within the recoverability analysis and when calculating the fair value of the asset or asset group,
if applicable. Changes in economic and operating conditions impacting the judgments used could result in impairments to our long-lived
assets in future periods. Historically, changes in estimates used in the property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets
impairment assessment process have not resulted in material impairment charges in subsequent periods as a result of changes made to those
estimates. There were no indicators of impairment on its hotel investments or intangible assets and accordingly no impairment losses
recorded for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

STOCK-BASED
COMPENSATION 

We account for stock-based compensation by measuring and recognizing as compensation expense the fair value of all share-based payment
awards made to employees, including employee stock options, restricted stock awards and employee stock purchases related to the Employee
Stock Purchase Plan, or ESPP, based on estimated grant date fair values. The determination of fair value involves a number of significant
estimates. We use the Black Scholes option pricing model to estimate the value of employee stock options which requires a number of assumptions
to determine the model inputs. These include the expected volatility of our stock and employee exercise behavior which are based on historical
data as well as expectations of future developments over the term of the options. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

32 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

INDEX
 TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 PAGE 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 34 

Consolidated Balance Sheets - June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 36 

Consolidated Statements of Operations - For years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 37 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Deficit - For years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 38 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - For years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 
 39 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 40 

33 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders, 

 The
InterGroup Corporation: 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The InterGroup Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders deficit, and cash flows for
the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our
opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of
June 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2024,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the entity will continue as a going concern. As
discussed in Note 1, the outstanding balance as of June 30, 2024 of the hotel s mortgage notes payable consists of a senior
mortgage loan and mezzanine loan totaling 100,783,000, net of debt issuance costs amounting to 679,000. Both loans matured on January 1, 2024, and were subsequently extended to January 1, 2025 through forbearance agreements. In addition, the Company has recurring
losses and has an accumulated deficit. These factors and the Company s ability to successfully refinance the debt on
favorable terms in the current lending environment raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern for one year after the financial statement issuance date. Management s plans in regard to this matter are also
described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with
the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

34 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication
of these critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we
are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts
or disclosures to which they relate. 

Description
of the Matters: 

Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance 

As
discussed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, it was determined that it is more likely than not that a substantial
portion of the deferred tax assets at June 30, 2024 and 2023 will not be realized and thus a partial valuation allowance has been recorded. 

We
identified the deferred tax asset valuation allowance as a critical audit matter due to the uncertainty, subjectivity, estimates and
judgments required by management when forecasting future profitability and determining whether or not it is likely that the deferred
tax assets will be realized. 

Stock
Based Compensation 

As discussed in Note 15 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company currently has one equity compensation plan, which is the Intergroup 2010 Omnibus Employee Incentive
Plan. During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company granted 18,000 stock options and extended the expiration date of 133,195 stock
options, recording approximately 1,309,000 of stock-based compensation expense. 

Auditing the Company s accounting for stock based compensation required complex auditor judgment due to the subjectivity of assumptions
used to value stock based awards. Option-pricing models require the input of various subjective assumptions, including the option s
expected life, estimated forfeiture rates and the price volatility of the underlying stock. The expected stock price volatility is based
on analysis of the Company s stock price history. 

How
We Addressed the Matters in Our Audit: 

Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance 

To
test the Company s conclusions about their deferred tax valuation allowance, we audited the deferred tax assets and evaluated
the need for a valuation allowance by considering both positive and negative conditions, with the assistance of an internal tax provision specialist. In addition to considering the impact of
any subsequent events, we analyzed the Company s history of cumulative losses in recent years. 

Stock Based Compensation 

To test the stock based compensation
expense, we obtained an understanding of the Company s process for determining stock based compensation expense, including management s
review controls over the underlying calculations and the significant assumptions used in valuing the awards. We assessed the appropriateness
of judgments made by management in determining key assumptions related to the awards. We tested the accuracy of the data used in measuring
the awards by agreeing the underlying inputs back to source documents, and assessed the reasonableness of certain inputs by comparing them to evidence obtained from third-party sources.
We obtained and reviewed the underlying agreements and performed an independent calculation of the value of the compensation expense related
to the awards. 

/s/ 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

September 30, 2024 

PCAOB
ID Number 

35 

THE
INTERGROUP CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

As of June 30, 
 2024 
 2023 

ASSETS 

Investment in Hotel, net 

Investment in real estate, net 

Investment in marketable securities 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Accounts payable and other liabilities Hotel 

Due to securities broker 
 - 

Obligations for securities sold 

Other notes payable 

Deferred tax liability 

Mortgage notes payable - Hotel 

Mortgage notes payable - real estate 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies - Note 17 
 - 
 - 

Shareholders deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and issued; and outstanding as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury stock, at cost, and shares as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 

Total InterGroup shareholders deficit 

Non-controlling interest 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total liabilities and shareholders deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

36 

THE
INTERGROUP CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the years ended June 30, 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenues: 

Hotel 

Real estate 

Total revenues 

Costs and operating expenses: 

Hotel operating expenses 

Real estate operating expenses 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

General and administrative expense 

Total costs and operating expenses 

Income from operations 

Other (expense) income: 

Interest expense - mortgages 

Net realized gain (loss) on marketable securities 

Net unrealized (loss) gain on marketable securities 

Loss on debt extinguishment 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on insurance recovery 
 - 

Impairment loss on other investments 
 
 - 
 
 Dividend and interest income 

Trading and margin interest expense 

Net other expense 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net loss 

Less: Net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest 

Net loss attributable to InterGroup 

Net loss per share 

Basic 

Diluted 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Net loss per share attributable to InterGroup 

Basic 

Diluted 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding 
 N/A 
 N/A 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

37 

THE
INTERGROUP CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Stock 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Deficit 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Treasury 
 InterGroup Shareholders 
 Non-controlling 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Stock 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Deficit 

Balance at July 1, 2022 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Investment in Portsmouth 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Purchase of treasury stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Balance 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Loss on investment 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock options expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Investment in Portsmouth 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Purchase of treasury stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance at June 30, 2024 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

38 

THE
INTERGROUP CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the years ended June 30, 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Net unrealized loss (gain) on marketable securities 

Deferred taxes 

Gain on insurance recovery 
 - 

Impairment loss on other investments 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of loan cost 

Amortization of other notes payable 

Stock compensation expense 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Investment in marketable securities 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Accounts payable and other liabilities Hotel 

Due to securities broker 

Obligations for securities sold 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Capital expenditures for property and equipment - Hotel 

Capital expenditures for property and equipment - real estate 

Investment in Portsmouth 

Insurance proceeds for property damage claims 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Issuance costs from forbearance 
 
 - 
 
 Payments of mortgage, finance leases and other notes payable 

Proceeds from mortgage and other notes payable 

Purchase of treasury stock 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of the year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of the year 

Supplemental information: 

Income taxes paid 

Interests paid 

The
Company had cash and cash equivalents of and as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company had restricted
cash of and as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

39 

THE
INTERGROUP CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

owned subsidiary, Santa Fe Financial Corporation Santa Fe ), a public company
(OTCBB: SFEF), was liquidated and all of its assets including its interest in Portsmouth Square, Inc. Portsmouth ),
a public company (OTCBB: PRSI) were distributed to its shareholders in exchange for their Santa Fe common stock. In June 2022, InterGroup
received distribution of of from Santa Fe as the entity received federal and state tax refunds from previously filed final
tax returns. As of June 30, 2024, InterGroup owns approximately of the outstanding common shares of Portsmouth and the Company s
President, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, John V. Winfield, owns approximately of the outstanding common shares
of Portsmouth. Mr. Winfield also serves as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Portsmouth. 

Portsmouth s
primary business was conducted through its general and limited partnership interest in Justice Investors Limited Partnership, a California
limited partnership Justice or the Partnership ). Effective July 15, 2021, Portsmouth completed the purchase
of of the limited partnership interest of Justice through the acquisition of the remaining non-controlling interest. Effective
December 23, 2021, the partnership was dissolved. The financial statements of Justice were consolidated with those of Portsmouth. 

Prior
to its dissolution effective December 23, 2021, Justice owned and operated a 544-room hotel property located at 750 Kearny Street, San
Francisco California, known as the Hilton San Francisco Financial District (the Hotel and related facilities including
a five-level underground parking garage through its subsidiaries Justice Operating Company, LLC Operating and Justice
Mezzanine Company, LLC Mezzanine ). Mezzanine was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Partnership; Operating is a wholly owned
subsidiary of Mezzanine. Effective December 23, 2021, Portsmouth replaced Justice as the single member of Mezzanine. Mezzanine is the
borrower under certain mezzanine indebtedness of Justice, and in December 2013, the Partnership conveyed ownership of the Hotel to Operating.
The Hotel is a full-service Hilton brand hotel pursuant to a Franchise License Agreement with HLT Franchise Holding LLC Hilton through January 31, 2030. 

Aimbridge
Hospitality Aimbridge manages the Hotel, along with its five-level parking garage, under certain Hotel management agreement HMA with Operating. The term of the management agreement is for an initial period of ten years commencing on the February
3, 2017 date and automatically renews for successive one (1) year periods, to not exceed five years in the aggregate, subject to certain
conditions. Under the terms on the HMA, base management fee Basic Fee payable to Aimbridge shall be one and seven-tenths
percent (1.70 of total Hotel revenue. In addition to the Basic Fee, Aimbridge shall be entitled to an annual incentive fee for each
fiscal year equal to ten percent (10 of the amount by which Gross Operating Profit in the current fiscal year exceeds the previous
fiscal year s Gross Operating Profit. 

In
addition to the operations of the Hotel, the Company also generates income from the ownership of real estate and investments in marketable
securities. Properties include apartment complexes, commercial real estate, and three single-family houses as strategic investments.
The properties are located throughout the United States, but are concentrated in Texas and Southern California. The Company also has
investments in unimproved real property. All of the Company s residential rental properties are managed in-house. 

to years. Furniture, fixtures, and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their useful lives ranging from to
 years. 

Repairs
and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Costs of significant renewals and improvements are capitalized and depreciated over
the shorter of its remaining estimated useful life or life of the asset. The cost of assets sold or retired, and the related accumulated
depreciation are removed from the accounts; any resulting gain or loss is included in other income (expenses). 

The
Company reviews property and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
an asset may not be recoverable in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). If the carrying amount
of the asset, including any intangible assets associated with that asset, exceeds its estimated undiscounted net cash flow, before interest,
the Company will recognize an impairment loss equal to the difference between the asset s carrying amount and its estimated fair
value. If impairment is recognized, the reduced carrying amount of the asset will be accounted for as its new cost. For a depreciable
asset, the new cost will be depreciated over the asset s remaining useful life. Generally, fair values are estimated using discounted
cash flow, replacement cost or market comparison analyses. The process of evaluating for impairment requires estimates as to future events
and conditions, which are subject to varying market and economic factors. Therefore, it is reasonably possible that a change in estimate
resulting from judgments as to future events could occur which would affect the recorded amounts of the property. No impairment losses
were recorded for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

to years for buildings and improvements and to years for equipment. Expenditures for repairs
and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred and major improvements are capitalized. 

The
Company also reviews its rental property assets for impairment. impairment losses on the investment in real estate have been recorded
for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. 

The
fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property, which includes land, building and improvements, is determined by valuing the
property as if they were vacant, and incorporates costs during the lease-up periods considering current market conditions and costs to
execute similar leases such lost rental revenue and tenant improvements. The value of tangible assets is depreciated using straight-line
method based upon the assets estimated useful lives. 

and , respectively. 

at July
1, 2023. As of June 30, 2024, and 2023, the allowance for doubtful accounts was and , respectively. The Company extends
unsecured credit to its customers but mitigates the associated credit risk by performing ongoing credit evaluations of its customers.
The temporary eviction moratorium imposed by the federal and state governmental authorities had delayed evictions during fiscal years
2023 and 2024. 

and shares of treasury stock, respectively. 

Hotel
revenue primarily consists of hotel room rentals, revenue from accommodations sold in conjunction with other services (e.g., package
reservations), food and beverage sales and other ancillary goods and services (e.g., parking). Revenue is recognized when rooms are occupied
or goods and services have been delivered or rendered, respectively. Payment terms typically align with when the goods and services are
provided. For package reservations, the transaction price is allocated to the performance obligations within the package based on the
estimated standalone selling prices of each component. 

We
do not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an expected length of one year or less. Due to the
nature of our business, our revenue is not significantly impacted by refunds. Cash payments received in advance of guests staying at
our hotel are refunded to hotel guests if the guest cancels within the specified time period, before any services are rendered. Refunds
related to service are generally recognized as an adjustment to the transaction price at the time the hotel stay occurs or services are
rendered. See Note 3 Revenue. 

Revenue
recognition from apartment rental commences when an apartment unit is placed in service and occupied by a rent-paying tenant. Apartment
units are leased on a short-term basis, with no lease extending beyond one year. 

and for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

of unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively, would impact the effective tax rate if recognized.
The unrecognized tax benefit is not expected to reverse in the next 12 months. Interest and penalties related to income tax matters are
classified as a component of income tax expense. As of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, no interest and penalties were recorded. 

Assets
and liabilities are established for uncertain tax positions taken or positions expected to be taken in income tax returns when such positions
are judged to not meet the more-likely-than-not threshold based on the technical merits of the positions. 

, net of debt issuance costs . Both loans matured
on January 1, 2024 and were extended to January 1, 2025 on April 29, 2024 through Forbearance Agreements. In addition, the Hotel has
recurring losses and has an accumulated deficit of which includes a increase adjustment made in December 2013
as a result of the partnership redemption. 

Due
to these factors and the Hotel s ability to successfully refinance the debt on favorable terms in the current lending environment
gives rise to substantial doubt about the Hotel s ability to continue as a going concern for one year after the financial statement
issuance date. 

On
January 4, 2024, the Hotel was made aware of a notice of default (the Notice issued by its senior loan special servicer
LNR Partners, LLC to Justice Operating Company, LLC which is the wholly owned subsidiary of Portsmouth. The Notice states that the lender
has rights as a result of such defaults, including, but not limited to, acceleration of the loans, foreclosure on collateral and other
rights and remedies under the loan documents and otherwise available under the law. On January 10, 2024, the Company filed the required
Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During the entire life of the outstanding debt, the Company has made all mortgage
payments timely as of the date of maturity and as of June 30, 2024, there were no delinquent amounts due to the senior or mezzanine lenders.
On April 29, 2024, the Company entered into forbearance agreements with its senior and mezzanine lenders which establishes, among other
customary terms, the new maturity date of January 1, 2025. While the Company successfully entered into the aforementioned forbearance
agreements, we continue our efforts to place a longer term refinancing solution to its current senior mortgage and mezzanine debt with
potential lenders. As such, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain additional liquidity when needed or under
acceptable terms, if at all. 

The
Hotel has successfully completed its full guest-rooms renovation over the last 2 years along with public space, fitness center, corridors,
and meeting space. With newly renovated rooms in its Competitive Set of hotels CompSet and will allow the hotel to continue
to drive rate and grow RevPAR over the market and its CompSet. The hotel recently received its annual Quality Assurance inspection from
Hilton and received the highest score at least in the hotel s last decade at 94.45 which is an Outstanding ranking
by Hilton. 

while the Hotel had a RevPAR of . An excellent achievement
for our property while it had roughly 13 -18 of its inventory unavailable over this time period. Since the completion of the renovation,
the Hotel has increased its lead in RevPAR on the CompSet dramatically. In the two months since completing the renovation, the Hotel
has achieved an average RevPAR index of over 150 for both months. While the CompSet has lost over 15 RevPAR; in these two months, the
Hotel has grown over 15 in this metric. 

The
financial statements do not include any adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets, liabilities, and reported expenses that may be
necessary if the Company were unable to continue as a going concern. 

. We have taken several steps to preserve capital and increase liquidity at our Hotel, including implementing strict cost
management measures to eliminate non-essential expenses, renegotiating certain reoccurring expenses, and temporarily closing certain
hotel services and outlets. As the hospitality and travel environment continues to slowly recover in San Francisco, the Company will
continue to evaluate what services the Company brings back. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, the Company continued to make
capital improvements to the Hotel in the amount of and has completed its hotel renovation program. 

The
Company had cash and cash equivalents of and as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company had restricted
cash of and as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company had marketable securities, net of margin due
to securities brokers, of and as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These marketable securities are short-term
investments and liquid in nature. 

On
December 16, 2020, Justice and InterGroup entered into a loan modification agreement which increased Justice s borrowing from InterGroup
as needed up to and extended the maturity date of the loan to . On July 7, 2021, the . Upon the dissolution of Justice in December 2021, Portsmouth assumed Justice s note payable to InterGroup in
the amount of . On December 31, 2021, Portsmouth and InterGroup entered into a loan modification agreement which increased
Portsmouth s borrowing from InterGroup as needed up to . As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the balance of the loan was 
and , net of loan amortization costs of , respectively. In July 2023, the note maturity date was extended to July 31, 2025 and the borrowing amount available was increased to . In March 2024, Portsmouth and InterGroup entered in a loan modification
agreement which increased Portsmouth s borrowing amount to . Portsmouth agreed to a loan modification fee for the
increased borrowing of payable to InterGroup. During the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024 and 2023, InterGroup advanced to
the Hotel and , respectively, bringing the total amounts due to InterGroup were and as of
June 30, 2024 and 2023. Portsmouth has not made any paid-downs to its note payable to InterGroup. 

On
May 31, 2023, the Company refinanced its St. Louis, Missouri mortgage with a two-year mortgage with a , interest-only payments are due for the first 12 months and
 principal paydowns commencing in . During the fiscal year ending June 30, 2022, we refinanced six of our properties 
existing mortgages and obtained a mortgage note payable on one of our California properties, generating net proceeds totaling .
We are currently evaluating other refinancing opportunities and we could refinance additional multifamily properties should the need
arise, or should management consider the interest rate environment favorable. 

On
December 15, 2023, the Company obtained a second mortgage note payable in the amount of on its 358-unit apartment complex
in Las Colinas, Texas. The term of the loan is approximately years with an interest rate of . The mortgage loan matures in . 

On
April 27, 2020, InterGroup entered into a loan agreement SBA Loan - InterGroup with CIBC Bank USA under the CARES Act
and received loan proceeds in the amount of . As of March 31, 2021, InterGroup had used all of the loan proceeds in
qualified payroll expenses. The SBA Loan InterGroup was scheduled to mature on and had a interest rate.
The SBA Loans are subject to the terms and conditions applicable to loans administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration under
the CARES Act. If the SBA approves the forgiveness amount, all payments of principal and interest are deferred until the date the forgiveness
amount is remitted by the SBA to CIBC. If the SBA does not forgive any amount of the loan, payments would start within 30 days. All unforgiven
portion of the principal and accrued interest will be due at maturity. In March of 2021 the SBA had forgiven the full of the
SBA Loan. In February 2024 InterGroup repaid the loan after an eligibility investigation took place concluding the type of business was
ineligible for the loan. The repayment of the SBA loan has been recorded as a loss on extinguishment of debt in the condensed consolidated
statements of operations for the year ended June 30, 2024. 

Our
known short-term liquidity requirements primarily consist of funds necessary to pay for operating and other expenditures, including management
and franchise fees, corporate expenses, payroll and related costs, taxes, interest and principal payments on our outstanding indebtedness,
and repairs and maintenance at all of our properties. 

Our
long-term liquidity requirements primarily consist of funds necessary to pay for scheduled debt maturities and capital improvements of
the Hotel and our real estate properties. We will continue to finance our business activities primarily with existing cash, including
from the activities described above, and cash generated from our operations. The objectives of our cash management policy are to maintain
existing leverage levels and the availability of liquidity, while minimizing operational costs. However, there can be no guarantee that
management will be successful with its plan. 

Other notes payable 

Interest 

Total 

Food and beverage 

Garage 

Other operating departments 

Total Hotel revenue 

Contract
Assets and Liabilities 

The
Company does not have any material contract assets as of June 30, 2024 and 2023, other than trade and other receivables, net on our consolidated
balance sheets. Our receivables are primarily the result of contracts with customers, which are reduced by an allowance for doubtful
accounts that reflects our estimate of amounts that will not be collected. 

Portsmouth
records contract liabilities when cash payments are received or due in advance of guests staying at our hotel, which are presented within
accounts payable and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets and had a balance of at July 1, 2023. During the year
ended June 30, 2024, the entire was recognized as revenue. Contract liabilities increased to as of June 30, 2024. The
increase as of June 30, 2024, was primarily driven by an increase in advance deposits received from customers for services to be performed
after June 30, 2024. Contract liabilities decreased to as of June 30, 2023 from as of June 30, 2022. The decrease for
the twelve months ended June 30, 2023 was primarily driven by decrease in advance deposits received from customers for services to be
performed after June 30, 2023. 

Contract
Costs 

We
consider sales commissions earned to be incremental costs of obtaining a contract with our customers. As a practical expedient, we expense
these costs as incurred as our contracts with customers are less than one year. 

- 

Finance lease ROU assets 

Furniture and equipment 

Building and improvements 

Investment in Hotel, net 

Accumulated 
 Net Book 
 
 June 30, 2023 
 Cost 
 Depreciation 
 Value 

Land 
 
 - 

Finance lease ROU assets 

Furniture and equipment 

Building and improvements 

Investment in Hotel, net 

Buildings, improvements and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

Investment in real estate, gross 

Land held for development 

Investment in real estate, net 

As of June 30, 2023 

Corporate Equities 

Unrealized (loss) gain on marketable securities 

Net (loss) gain on marketable securities 

Communication services 

T-Notes 

Energy 

Financial services 

Healthcare 

Utilities 

Industrial 

Basic materials 

Technology 

Total 

As of June 30, 2023 
 Level 1 
 
 Assets: 

Investment in marketable securities: 

REITs and real estate companies 

Technology 

T-Notes 

Financial services 

Consumer cyclical 

Basic materials 

Healthcare 

Communication services 

Industrial 

Utilities 

Total 

The
fair values of investments in marketable securities are determined by the most recently traded price of each security at the balance
sheet date. 

Prepaid expenses 

Miscellaneous assets 

Prepaid taxes 

Total other assets 

Note payable Aimbridge 

Total other notes payable 

Note
payable to Hilton (Franchisor) is a self-exhausting, interest free development incentive note which is reduced by approximately 
annually by Hilton if the Hotel is still a Franchisee with Hilton. 

On
February 1, 2017, Operating entered an HMA with Ambridge to manage the Hotel with an effective takeover date of February 3, 2017. The
term of the management agreement is for an initial period of years commencing on the takeover date and automatically renews for an
additional year not to exceed five years in aggregate subject to certain conditions. The HMA also provides for Ambridge to advance a
key money incentive fee to the Hotel for capital improvements in the amount of under certain terms and conditions described
in a separate key money agreement. The key money contribution shall be amortized in equal monthly amounts over an eight year period
commencing on the second anniversary of the takeover date. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2021, the Hotel obtained approval
from Ambridge to use the key money for hotel operations and the funds were exhausted by December 31, 2020. The unamortized portion of
the key money in the amount of and are included in other notes payable in the consolidated balance sheets at June 30,
2024 and 2023, respectively. 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Long
 term debt 

On
July 2, 2014, the Partnership obtained from InterGroup an unsecured loan in the principal amount of at per year fixed
interest, with a term of years, payable interest only each month. InterGroup received a loan fee. The loan may be prepaid at any
time without penalty. On December 16, 2020, the Partnership and InterGroup entered into a loan
modification agreement which increased the Partnership s borrowing from InterGroup as needed up to . Upon the dissolution
of the Partnership in December 2021, Portsmouth assumed the Partnership s note payable to InterGroup in the amount of .
On December 31, 2021, Portsmouth and InterGroup entered into a loan modification agreement which increased Portsmouth s borrowing
from InterGroup as needed up to . In July 2023, and the borrowing amount
available was increased to . In March 2024, Portsmouth and InterGroup entered in a loan modification agreement which increased
Portsmouth s borrowing amount to . Portsmouth agreed to a loan modification fee for the increased borrowing of
 payable to InterGroup. During the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024 and 2023, InterGroup advanced to the Hotel 
and , respectively, bringing the total amounts due to InterGroup were and as of June 30, 2024 and 2023.
Portsmouth has not made any paid-downs to its note payable InterGroup. This note has been eliminated in the consolidated financial statements. 

Four
of the Portsmouth directors serve as directors of InterGroup. The Company s Vice President Real Estate was elected President of
Portsmouth in May 2021. The Company s director and Chairman of the Audit Committee is William J. Nance. 

As
Chairman of the Executive Strategic Real Estate and Securities Investment Committee, the Company s President and Chief Executive
Officer (CEO), John V. Winfield, directs the investment activity of the Company in public and private markets pursuant to authority granted
by the Board of Directors. Mr. Winfield also serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Portsmouth and oversees the
investment activity of Portsmouth. Effective June 2016, Mr. Winfield became the Managing Director of Justice and served in that position
until the dissolution of Justice in December 2021. Depending on certain market conditions and various risk factors, the Chief Executive
Officer and Portsmouth may, at times, invest in the same companies in which the Company invests. Such investments align the interests
of the Company with the interests of related parties because it places the personal resources of the Chief Executive Officer and the
resources of Portsmouth, at risk in substantially the same manner as the Company in connection with investment decisions made on behalf
of the Company. 

Mortgage Loan and a Mezzanine Loan. The proceeds of the Loan Agreements were used
to fund the redemption of limited partnership interests and the pay-off of the prior mortgage. 

The
Mortgage Loan is secured by Operating s principal asset, the Hilton San Francisco-Financial District (the Property ).
The Mortgage Loan bears an interest rate of per annum and matures in . The Mortgage Loan also requires payments for impounds related to property tax, insurance and capital improvement reserves.
As additional security for the Mortgage Loan, there is a limited guaranty Mortgage Guaranty executed by Portsmouth in
favor of the Mortgage Lender. On April 29, 2024, U.S. Bank National Association and other lenders Lender entered into
a Forbearance Agreement (the Mortgage Loan Forbearance Agreement ), all capitalized terms are used in this paragraph as
defined in this agreement with Operating. Assuming no Termination Event occurs, Lender agrees to not take any action with respect to
the loan facility set forth therein prior to January 1, 2025. During the Forbearance Period, Operating shall make all regularly scheduled
payments to the Lender. The Mortgage Loan Forbearance Agreement also contains amended terms as to financial covenants and a principal
paydown in the amount of to be applied by the Lender upon execution of the Mortgage Loan Forbearance Agreement. Retroactive
to January 1, 2024, Operating is required to accrue an additional default interest, due and payable to Lender at the new maturity
or loan prepayment. In addition, Operating paid forbearance fee or to Lender upon execution of the Forbearance Agreement. 

The
Mezzanine Loan is secured by the Operating membership interest held by Mezzanine and is subordinated to the Mortgage Loan. The Mezzanine
Loan had an interest rate of per annum and a maturity date of . Interest only payments were due monthly. On July
31, 2019, Mezzanine refinanced the Mezzanine Loan by entering into a new mezzanine loan agreement New Mezzanine Loan Agreement with Cred Reit Holdco LLC in the amount of . The prior Mezzanine Loan was paid off. Interest rate on the new mezzanine loan
is and the loan matured on . Interest only payments are due monthly. As additional security for the new mezzanine
loan, there is a limited guaranty executed by Portsmouth in favor of Cred Reit Holdco LLC (the Mezzanine Guaranty and,
together with the Mortgage Guaranty, the Guaranties ). On April 29, 2024, CRED REIT HOLDCO LLC Mezz Lender entered into a Forbearance Agreement (the Mezz Forbearance Agreement ), all capitalized terms in this paragraph are used
as defined in the Mezz Forbearance Agreement) with Mezzanine, an indirect subsidiary of the Company. Assuming no termination event occurs,
Mezz Lender agrees to not take any action with respect to the loan facility set forth therein prior to January 1, 2025. The Mezz Lender
also has advanced million for payment of the principal paydown with respect to the Mortgage Loan Forbearance Agreement (defined
below). Retroactive to January 1, 2024, Mezzanine will be required to accrue an additional default interest and a forbearance fee
or . During the Forbearance Period, no payments will be due to the Mezz Lender until the new maturity date or loan prepayment.
Both forbearance agreements also contain customary and usual terms, events of default, transaction fees, and representations and warranties
and covenants for like transactions. 

In
order to refinance the Hotel s aforementioned debt, in May 2024, the Company entered into a financing procurement agreement with
a global provider of financial advisory services to real estate owners. The Company will endeavor to refinance the aforementioned loans
prior to their new maturity. 

The
Guaranties are limited to what are commonly referred to as bad boy acts, including: (i) fraud or intentional misrepresentations;
(ii) gross negligence or willful misconduct; (iii) misapplication or misappropriation of rents, security deposits, insurance, or condemnation
proceeds; and (iv) failure to pay taxes or insurance. The Guaranties are full recourse guaranties under identified circumstances, including
failure to maintain single purpose status which is a factor in a consolidation of Operating or Mezzanine in a bankruptcy
of another person, transfer, or encumbrance of the Property in violation of the applicable loan documents, Operating or Mezzanine incurring
debts that are not permitted, and the Property becoming subject to a bankruptcy proceeding. Pursuant to the Guaranties, the Partnership
was required to maintain a certain minimum net worth and liquidity. Effective as of May 12, 2017, InterGroup agreed to become an additional
guarantor under the limited guaranty and an additional indemnitor under the environmental indemnity for the mortgage loan
and the mezzanine loan. Pursuant to the agreement, InterGroup is required to maintain a certain net worth and liquidity.
As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, InterGroup is in compliance with both requirements. Justice Operating Company, LLC is not meeting certain
of its loan covenants such as the Debt Service Coverage Ratio DSCR which would trigger the creation of a lockbox and
cash sweep by the Lender for all cash collected by the Hotel, and under certain terms, would allow the Lender to request Operating to
replace its hotel management company. However, such lockbox has been created and utilized from the loan inception and will be in place
up to loan maturity regardless of the DSCR. Justice has not missed any of its debt service payments and does not anticipate missing any
debt obligations for at least the next twelve months and beyond. 

Each
of the Loan Agreements contains customary representations and warranties, events of default, reporting requirements, affirmative covenants
and negative covenants, which impose restrictions on, among other things, organizational changes of the respective borrower, operations
of the Property, agreements with affiliates and third parties. Each of the Loan Agreements also provides for mandatory prepayments under
certain circumstances (including casualty or condemnation events) and voluntary prepayments, subject to satisfaction of prescribed conditions
set forth in the Loan Agreements. 

On
May 31, 2023, the Company refinanced its St. Louis, Missouri mortgage with a two-year mortgage with a , interest-only payments are due for the first 12 months and
 principal paydowns commencing in . 

On
December 15, 2023, the Company obtained a second mortgage note payable in the amount of on its 358-unit apartment complex
in Las Colinas, Texas. The term of the loan is approximately years with an interest rate of . The mortgage loan matures in . 

rooms 

plus default rate 
 
 SF Hotel 
 rooms 

plus default rate 

Mortgage notes payable Hotel 

Debt issuance costs 

Total mortgage notes payable Hotel 

Florence 

Las Colinas 

Las Colinas 

Morris County 

St. Louis 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Mortgage notes payable real estate 

Debt issuance costs 

Total mortgage notes payable real estate 

As of June 30, 2023 

Number 
 Note 
 Note 
 Mortgage 
 Interest 
 
 Property 
 of Units 
 Origination Date 
 Maturity Date 
 Balance 
 Rate 

SF Hotel 
 rooms 

SF Hotel 
 rooms 

Mortgage notes payable Hotel 

Debt issuance costs 

Total mortgage notes payable Hotel 

Florence 

Las Colinas 

Morris County 

St. Louis 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Los Angeles 

Mortgage notes payable real estate 

Debt issuance costs 

Total mortgage notes payable real estate 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total Mortgage Notes
 payable 

For
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, hotel management fees were and , and incentive fees of and ,
respectively, offset by key money amortization of for both years and are included in Hotel operating expenses in the consolidated
statements of operations. However, the Hotel is currently in discussions with Aimbridge regarding a dispute in connection with the validity
of the incentive fees as they relate directly to the Covid pandemic. As part of the Hotel management agreement, Aimbridge, through the
Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Kearny Street Parking LLC, manages the parking garage in-house. 

and , respectively. Usually, credit extended
to the Company s tenants at its rental properties is of low risk as leases do not extend beyond one year and if tenants become
delinquent, local eviction laws are used to evict tenants. However, as of June 30, 2024 and 2023 accounts receivable from the Company s
rental properties was and , respectively and allowance for doubtful accounts was and , respectively.
This unusual large gross receivable amounts from our rental properties was due to temporary eviction moratorium imposed by the federal
and state governmental authorities since the beginning of the COVID19 pandemic. Under the eviction moratorium, the Company was not allowed
to evict tenants for non-payment of rent. In the State of California, the Los Angeles County s COVID-19 Tenant Protection
Resolution expired on March 31, 2023, thereby lifting the eviction moratorium but allowing the tenants additional time to for
their past due rent. For tenants that owe rent from March 1, 2020 through September 30, 2021, tenants must pay by August 1, 2023; for
tenants that owe rent from October 1, 2021 through January 31, 2023, tenants must pay by February 1, 2024. The Company will continue
to pursue its collections to the full extent allowed by the various governmental housing authorities around the country. 

The
Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash with various financial institutions that are monitored regularly
for credit quality. At times, such cash and cash equivalents holdings may be in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC or other federally insured limits. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have significant adverse impact on the Company s
financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Deferred tax benefit (expense) 

Federal
 income tax (expense) benefit, total 

State 

Current tax expense 

Deferred tax expense 

State
 income tax (expense) benefit, total 

Income Tax (expense) benefit 

State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Dividend received deduction 

Perm differences 
 
 - 
 
 Provision to return adjustment 

Net operating loss true up 
 - 

Valuation allowance 

Payable true up 

State rate change impact 

Other 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Deferred gains on real estate sale and depreciation 

Capital loss carryforwards 

Accruals and reserves 

Interest expense 

Tax credits 

State taxes 

Other 

Deferred Tax Asset before Valuation Allowance 

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred Tax Asset after Valuation Allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Deferred gains on real estate sale and depreciation 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities 

Gain on insurance claim 
 - 

Other 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred Tax Liability 

Net deferred tax (liability) asset 

Management
considers new evidence, both positive and negative, that could affect its view of the future realization of deferred tax assets. As of
June 30, 2024, it has been determined that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will not be recognized. Thus,
there is a valuation allowance of 36,484,000 as of June 30, 2024. This was an increase of 2,700,000 from June 30, 2023 . 

As of June 30, 2024, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards NOL available for carryforward of approximately
 and for federal and state purposes, respectively. Of the federal NOL carryforwards, expire
in varying amounts through 2037 and of post-2017 NOLs can be carried forward indefinitely. Note that the post-2017 NOLs may
only offset of future taxable income. The Company had capital loss carryforwards of for federal and state purposes. The
capital losses begin to expire in 2024 for both federal and state purposes. There are immaterial California state tax credits of 
which expire in various years. 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards NOL available for carryforward of approximately 
and for federal and state purposes, respectively. Of the federal NOL carryforwards, expire in varying
amounts through 2037 and of post-2017 NOLs can be carried forward indefinitely. Note that the post-2017 NOLs may only offset
 of future taxable income. The Company had capital loss carryforwards of for federal and state purposes. The capital losses
begin to expire in 2024 for both federal and state purposes. There are immaterial California state tax credits of which expire
in various years. 

Portsmouth 

Utilization
of certain tax attributes may be subject a substantial annual limitation if it should be determined that there has been a change in the
ownership of more than 50 percent of the value of the Company s stock, pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986 and similar state provisions. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating losses before utilization. 

The
Company files tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates and is subject to examination by
federal, state, and local jurisdictions, where applicable. 

As
of June 30, 2024, tax years beginning in fiscal 2020 and 2019 remain open to examination by the federal and state tax jurisdictions,
respectively, and are subject to the statute of limitations. 

Uncertain
Tax Positions 

The
Company regularly evaluates the likelihood of realizing the benefit from income tax positions that it has taken in various federal, state,
and foreign filings by considering all relevant facts, circumstances and information available. If the Company determines it is more
likely than not that the position will be sustained, a benefit will be recognized at the largest amount that it believes is cumulatively
greater than 50 likely to be realized. The following table summarizes changes in the amount of the Company s unrecognized tax
benefits for uncertain tax positions: 

Increase in tax positions taken 
 - 
 
 Decrease in tax positions taken 
 - 
 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits at June 30, 2024 

of unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively, would impact the effective tax rate if recognized.
The unrecognized tax benefit is not expected to reverse in the next 12 months. Interest and penalties related to income tax matters are
classified as a component of income tax expense. As of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, 
interest and penalties were recorded. 

reportable segments, the operation of the Hotel Hotel Operations ), the operation of its multi-family
residential properties Real Estate Operations and the investment of its cash in marketable securities and other investments Investment Transactions ). These operating segments, as presented in the financial statements, reflect how management
internally reviews each segment s performance. Management also makes operational and strategic decisions based on this information. 

Information
below represents reported segments for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. Segment income from Hotel operations consists of the operation
of the Hotel and operation of the garage. Segment income from real estate operations consists of the operation of the rental properties.
Loss from investments consists of net investment gain (loss), dividend and interest income and investment related expenses. 

- 
 - 

Segment operating expenses 

- 

Segment income (loss) from operations 

- 

Interest expense - mortgages 

- 
 - 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Gain on insurance recovery 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

- 
 - 

Loss from investments 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Income tax benefit 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) 

Total assets 

As of and for the year ended 
 Hotel 
 Real Estate 
 Investment 

June 30, 2023 
 Operations 
 Operations 
 Transactions 
 Other 
 Total 
 
 Revenues 

- 
 - 

Segment operating expenses 

- 

Segment income (loss) from operations 

- 

Interest expense - mortgage 

- 
 - 

Gain on insurance recovery 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

- 
 - 

Gain from investments 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Income tax expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) 

Total assets 

years of continuous service. Certain option and share awards provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control,
as defined in the 2010 Incentive Plan. The 2010 Incentive plan as modified in December 2013, authorizes a total of up to shares
of common stock to be issued as equity compensation to officers and employees of the Company in an amount and in a manner to be determined
by the Compensation Committee in accordance with the terms of the 2010 Incentive Plan. The 2010 Incentive Plan authorizes the awards
of several types of equity compensation including stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance awards and other stock-based
compensation. The 2010 Incentive Plan had an original expiration date of February 23, 2020, if not terminated sooner by the Board of
Directors upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee. Any awards issued under the 2010 Incentive Plan will expire under the terms
of the grant agreement. 

The
shares of common stock to be issued under the 2010 Incentive Plan have been registered under the Securities Act, pursuant to a registration
statement filed on Form S-8 by the Company on June 16, 2010. Once received, shares of common stock issued under the Plan will be freely
transferable subject to any requirements of Section 16 (b) of the Exchange Act. 

On
March 16, 2010, the Compensation Committee authorized the grant of stock options to the Company s Chairman, President and
Chief Executive, John V. Winfield to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the 2010 Incentive
Plan. The exercise price of the options is , which is 100 of the fair market value of the Company s Common Stock as determined
by reference to the closing price of the Company s Common Stock as reported on the NASDAQ Capital Market on March 16, 2010, the
date of grant. The options had an original expiration date from the date of grant, unless terminated earlier in accordance
with the terms of the 2010 Incentive Plan. The options shall be subject to both time and market-based vesting requirements, each of which
must be satisfied before options are fully vested and eligible to be exercised. , with 20,000 options vesting upon each one-year anniversary of the date of grant. Pursuant to the market
vesting requirements, the options vest in increments of 20,000 shares upon each increase of 2.00 or more in the market price of the
Company s common stock above the exercise price 10.30) of the options . To satisfy this requirement, the common stock must trade
at that increased level for a period of at least ten trading days during any one quarter. As of June 30, 2022, all the market vesting
requirements have been met. 

On
December 28, 2019, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors recommended to the Board amendments to the 2010 Incentive Plan
which would amend Section 1.3 to extend the term from to , and Section 6.4 to change tenth (10th) anniversary
date to twentieth (20th) anniversary date . This would increase the term of the 2010 options granted to John Winfield on March 16, 2010 from ten years
to sixteen years so that these options will terminate on March 16, 2026 instead of on March 16, 2020, in recognition of Mr. Winfield s
contributions to and leadership of our Company. The recommended amendments were approved by shareholders on February 25, 2020. 

In
February 2012, the Compensation Committee awarded stock options to the Company s Chairman, President and Chief Executive,
John V. Winfield to purchase up to shares of common stock. The per share exercise price of the options is which is the
fair value of the Company s Common Stock as reported on NASDAQ on February 28, 2012. The options expire from the date
of grant. The options are subject to both time and market-based vesting requirements, each of which must be satisfied before the options
are fully vested and eligible to be exercised. ,
with 18,000 options vesting upon each one-year anniversary of the date of grant. Pursuant to the market vesting requirements, the options
vest in increments of 18,000 shares upon each increase of 2.00 or more in the market price of the Company s common stock above
the exercise price 19.77) of the options. To satisfy this requirement, the common stock must trade at that increased level for a period
of at least ten trading days during any one quarter . On January 21, 2022, of his vested stock options by
surrendering shares of the Company s common stock at fair value as payment of the exercise price, resulting in a net issuance
to him of shares. No additional compensation expense was recorded related to the issuance. This intrinsic value of the cashless
exercise of stock options was approximately at January 21, 2022 when the Company s stock closing stock price
was . 

On
December 26, 2013, the Compensation Committee authorized, subject to shareholder approval, a grant of non-qualified and incentive stock
options for an aggregate of shares (the Option Grant to the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer,
John V. Winfield. The stock option grant was approved by shareholders on February 19, 2014. The grant of stock options was made pursuant
to, and consistent with, the 2010 Incentive Plan, as proposed to be amended. The non-qualified stock options are for shares and
have a term of , expiring on , with an exercise price of per share. The incentive stock options are
for shares and have a term of , expiring on , with an exercise price of per share. . In December 2018, Mr. Winfield exercised the vested incentive
stock options by surrendering shares of the Company s common stock at fair value as payment of the exercise price, resulting
in a net issuance to him of shares. No additional compensation expense was recorded related to the issuance. 

In
March 2017, the Compensation Committee awarded stock options to the Company s Chief Operating Officer, David C. Gonzalez,
to purchase up to shares of common stock. The per share exercise price of the options is which is the fair value of the
Company s Common Stock as reported on NASDAQ Capital Market on March 2, 2017. The options expire from the date of grant.
Pursuant to the time vesting requirements, the options vest over a period of , with options vesting upon each one-year
anniversary of the date of grant. All shares are vested as of June 30, 2024. 

On
October 13, 2023, the Compensation Committee awarded stock options to the Company s Chief Operating Officer David C. Gonzalez,
to purchase up to shares of common stock. The exercise price of the options is which was the fair market value of the Company s
Common Stock as reported on NASDAQ closing on October 12, 2023. The options expire from the date of grant. Pursuant to the
time vesting requirements, the options vest over a period of , with options vesting upon each on year anniversary of
the date of grant. 

On
December 21, 2023, the Company extended the expiration date of the stock options originally issued to John V. Winfield, CEO on
December 26, 2013 with an exercise price of . The original expiration date was December 26, 2023 and is extended to December 26,
2029. As a result of extending Mr. Winfield s options, the Company recorded stock option compensation cost of in December
2023. The fair value of the modification was estimated using the Black Scholes pricing model, which takes into account immediately before
and after the modification date the exercise price per share and expected life of the stock option of and years, the market
price of the underlying stock on modification date and its expected volatility and , expected dividends on the stock and the
risk free interest rate and for the expected term of the stock option. 

Option-pricing
models require the input of various subjective assumptions, including the option s expected life, estimated forfeiture rates and
the price volatility of the underlying stock. The expected stock price volatility is based on analysis of the Company s stock price
history. The Company has selected to use the simplified method for estimating the expected term. The risk-free interest rate is based
on the U.S. Treasury interest rates whose term is consistent with the expected life of the stock options. No dividend yield is included
as the Company has not issued any dividends and does not anticipate issuing any dividends in the future. 

During
the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded stock option compensation expense of and 0 , respectively, related
to stock option compensation cost. 

years 

Granted 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exchanged 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at 
 June 30, 2023 

years 

Exercisable at 
 June 30, 2023 

years 

Vested at 
 June 30, 2023 

years 

Outstanding at 
 July 1, 2023 

years 

Granted 

years 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exchanged 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at 
 June 30, 2024 

years 

Exercisable at 
 June 30, 2024 

years 

Vested and expected 

to vest at 
 June 30, 2024 

years 

.
On December 31, 2021, Portsmouth and InterGroup entered into a loan modification agreement which increased Portsmouth s
borrowing from InterGroup as needed up to .
In July 2023, and
the borrowing amount available was increased to .
In March 2024, Portsmouth and InterGroup entered into a loan modification agreement which increased Portsmouth s borrowing
amount to .
Portsmouth agreed to a 
loan modification fee for the increased borrowing of payable
to InterGroup. During the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024 and 2023, InterGroup advanced to the Hotel and
 ,
respectively, to fund its hotel operations. As of June 30, 2024 and 2023, the amounts due to InterGroup were and
 ,
respectively. Portsmouth has not made any paid-downs to its note payable to InterGroup. 

Certain
shared costs and expenses, primarily administrative expenses, rent and insurance are allocated between the Company and InterGroup based
on management s estimate of the pro rata utilization of resources. For the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, these expenses were
approximately for each year. Those fees are eliminated in consolidation. 

As
of June 30, 2024, InterGroup owns approximately of the outstanding common shares of Portsmouth. As of June 30, 2024, the Company s
President, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, John Winfield, owns approximately of the outstanding common shares
of Portsmouth. Mr. Winfield also serves as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Portsmouth. 

As
Chairman of the Executive Strategic Real Estate and Securities Investment Committee, the Company s President and Chief Executive
Officer (CEO), John V. Winfield, directs the investment activity of the Company in public and private markets pursuant to authority granted
by the Board of Directors. Mr. Winfield also serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Portsmouth and oversees the
investment activity of Portsmouth. Effective June 2016, Mr. Winfield became the Managing Director of Justice and served in that position
until the dissolution of Justice in December 2021. Depending on certain market conditions and various risk factors, the Chief Executive
Officer and Portsmouth may, at times, invest in the same companies in which the Company invests. Such investments align the interests
of the Company with the interests of related parties because it places the personal resources of the Chief Executive Officer and the
resources of Portsmouth, at risk in substantially the same manner as the Company in connection with investment decisions made on behalf
of the Company. 

Franchise
Agreements 

The
Partnership entered into a Franchise License Agreement (the License Agreement with the HLT Existing Franchise Holding
LLC Hilton on December 10, 2004. The term of the License agreement was for an initial period of years commencing on
the date the Hotel began operating as a Hilton hotel, with an option to extend the License Agreement for another five years, subject
to certain conditions. On June 26, 2015, Operating and Hilton entered into an amended franchise agreement which amongst other things
extended the License Agreement through 2030, and also provided Justice certain key money cash incentives to be earned through 2030. 

Since
the opening of the Hotel as a full brand Hilton in January 2006, Justice has incurred monthly royalties, program fees and information
technology recapture charges equal to a percentage of the Hotel s gross room revenue. Fees for such services during fiscal year
2024 and 2023 totaled approximately and , respectively. 

Employees 

The
Company s corporate office and multifamily operations had 28 employees and the hotel operations had 187 employees as of June 30,
2024. On February 3, 2017, Aimbridge assumed all labor union agreements as agent for Hotel and Justice, and Justice provides all funding
for all payroll and related costs. As of June 30, 2024, approximately 90 of those employees were represented by one of three labor unions,
and their terms of employment were determined under various collective bargaining agreements CBAs to which Aimbridge
was a party to as agent for Hotel and Justice. CBA for Local 2 (Hotel and Restaurant Employees) expired on August 13, 2024 and is currently
under negotiations. CBA for Local 856 (International Brotherhood of Teamsters) will expire on December 31, 2024. CBA for Local 39 (Stationary
Engineers) expired in July 2030. 

Negotiation
of collective bargaining agreements, which includes not just terms and conditions of employment, but scope and coverage of employees,
is a regular and expected course of business operations for the Company and Aimbridge. The Company expects and anticipates that the terms
of conditions of CBAs will have an impact on wage and benefit costs, operating expenses, and certain hotel operations during the life
of each CBA and incorporates these principles into its operating and budgetary practices. 

Legal
Matters 

Portsmouth
Square, Inc., through its operating company Justice Investors Operating Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ),
is the owner of the real property located at 750 Kearny Street in San Francisco, currently improved with a 27 story building
which houses a Hilton Hotel (the Property ). The Property was purchased and improved pursuant to the terms of a series of
agreements with the City and County of San Francisco (the City in the early 1970 s. The terms of the agreements
and subsequent approvals and permits included a condition by which the Company was required to construct an ornamental overhead pedestrian
bridge across Kearny Street, connecting the Property to a nearby City park and underground parking garage known as Portsmouth Square
(the Bridge ). Included in the approval process was the City s issuance of a Major Encroachment Permit Permit allowing the Bridge to span over Kearney Street. As of May 24, 2022, the City has purported to revoke the Permit and on June 13, 2022,
has directed the Company to submit a general bridge removal and restoration plan (the Plan at the Company s expense.
The Company disputes the legality of the purported revocation of the Permit. The Company further disputes the existence of any legal
or contractual obligation to remove the Bridge at its expense. In particular, representatives of the Company participated in meetings
with the City on and at various times after August 1, 2019, to discuss a collaborative process for the possible removal of the Bridge.
Until the purported revocation of the Permit in 2022, the City representatives repeatedly and consistently promised and agreed that the
City will pay for the associated costs of any Bridge removal. Nevertheless, without waiving any rights, in an effort to understand all
of the available options, and to provide a response to the City s directives, the Company has engaged a Project Manager, a structural
engineering firm and an architect to advise on the development of a Plan for the Bridge removal, as well as the reconstruction of the
front of the Hilton Hotel. The Company has been working cooperatively with the City on the process for removal of the Bridge and its
related physical encroachments, including obtaining regulatory approvals and permits. The Company is currently in discussion with the
City regarding both the process and financial responsibility for the implementation of the Plan and reconstruction of the impacted portions
of the Hotel. Those discussions are expected to continue at least through the end of 2024. A final Plan is currently not expected to
be completed until late 2024, and permits are unlikely to be obtained until early 2025 at the earliest. 

The
Company may be subject to legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company will defend
itself vigorously against any such claims. Management does not believe that the impact of such matters will have a material effect on
the financial conditions or result of operations when resolved. 

65 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 

There
were no disagreements on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, nor auditing scope or procedure. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

EVALUATION
OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to
our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

As
of June 30, 2024, as required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our principal executive officer and principal financial
and accounting officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures.
Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective because of a material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, the Company s management has concluded that our control
around the interpretation and accounting for the stock-based compensation was not effectively designed or maintained. In light of this
material weakness, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance
with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly
in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

MANAGEMENT S
REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for
external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that: 

1.
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
the assets of our company, 

2.
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and
directors, and 

3.
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated
financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2024. In making these assessments,
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting
were not effective as of June 30, 2024. 

During
the end quarter of fiscal 2023, we identified a material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting related to our accounting
for deferred tax asset valuation allowance. Specifically, we did not design and maintain effective controls to identify items within
the deferred tax balances that could be materially incorrect. We are undergoing ongoing evaluation and improvements in our internal control
over financial reporting. Regarding our identified material weakness, we have performed the following remediation efforts: 

66 

In
order to mitigate the material weakness to the fullest extent possible, management hired a new tax CPA specialist to review and do a
detailed analysis which was completed for the year ended June 30, 2024. The preparation of the Company s deferred tax assets and
liabilities will be reviewed annually by tax experts as well as the Principal Financial Officer and the Chief Executive Officer. 

As
of June 30, 2023, these controls were not operating effectively as noted by an elimination in its entirety the carrying tax assets due
to the setup of a valuation allowance. As of June 30, 2024, management concludes that the material weakness has been remediated by its
active engagement in the provision preparation process and will continue to enhance its controls over the preparation of its tax provision. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm,
pursuant to provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act that permit us to provide only management s
report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

This
report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that
section, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless
of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

CHANGES
IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

As
stated in our report on internal control over financial reporting, the material weakness as it relates to tax provision preparation has
been remediated in fiscal year 2024. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company , or any Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

67 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to the Directors and Executive Officers of the Company as of June 30, 2024: 

Name 
 
 Position
 with the Company 
 
 Age 
 
 Term
 to Expire 
 
 Class
 A Directors: 

John
 V. Winfield (4) 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board; President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 77 
 
 Fiscal
 2024 Annual Meeting 

Steve
 Grunwald (3) (5) 
 
 Director 
 
 42 
 
 Fiscal
 2024 Annual Meeting 

Class
 B Directors: 

Yvonne
 L. Murphy (1) (2) (4) 
 
 Director 
 
 67 
 
 Fiscal
 2025 Annual Meeting 

William
 J. Nance (2) (3) (4) 
 
 Director 
 
 80 
 
 Fiscal
 2025 Annual Meeting 

Class
 C Director: 

John
 C. Love (1) (2) (3) 
 
 Director 
 
 84 
 
 Fiscal
 2026 Annual Meeting 

Executive
 Officers: 

David
 C. Gonzalez (4) 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer, Advisor of Executive Strategic Real Estate and Securities Investment Committee, and President of Portsmouth 
 
 57 
 
 N/A 

Jolie
 Kahn 
 
 Secretary 
 
 59 
 
 N/A 

Ann
 Marie Blair 
 
 Treasurer,
 Controller (Principal Financial Officer). Ms. Blair appointed effective July 6, 2023 
 
 37 
 
 N/A 

Danfeng
 Xu 
 
 Treasurer,
 Controller (Principal Financial Officer), and Secretary Resigned effective August 31, 2022 
 
 36 
 
 N/A 

(1) 
 Member
 of the Nominating Committee 
 
 (2) 
 Member
 of the Compensation Committee 
 
 (3) 
 Member
 of the Audit Committee 
 
 (4) 
 Member
 of the Executive Strategic Real Estate and Securities Investment Committee 

68 

Business
Experience: 

The
principal occupation and business experience during the last five years for each of the Directors and Executive Officers of the Company
are as follows: 

John
V. Winfield Mr. Winfield was first appointed to the Board in 1982. He currently serves as the Company s Chairman of
the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, having first been appointed as such in 1987. Mr. Winfield also serves as Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company s subsidiary Portsmouth, a public company. Effective June 2016, Mr. Winfield became the
Managing Director of Justice and served in that position until the dissolution of Justice in December 2021. On May 24, 2021, Mr. Winfield
resigned effective immediately as President of Portsmouth. Mr. Winfield s extensive experience as an entrepreneur and investor,
as well as his managerial and leadership experience from serving as a chief executive officer and director of public companies, led to
the Board s conclusion that he should serve as a director of the Company. 

Yvonne
L. Murphy Mrs. Murphy was elected to the Board of InterGroup in February 2014 and to the Board of Portsmouth, a subsidiary
of the Company, in February 2019. She resigned from the Board of Portsmouth in December 2019. Mrs. Murphy was elected to the Board of
Portsmouth in October 2022 and served as a director at Portsmouth from March to December 2019. Mrs. Murphy took the place of Director
Babin upon his passing in October 2022. Mrs. Murphy has impressive experiences in corporate management, legal research, and legislative
lobbying for over 30 years. She was a member of Governor Kenny C. Guinn s executive staff in Nevada, and was employed for years
by the prestigious Jones Vargas law firm in Reno, Nevada. She served in nine legislative sessions during the most challenging years in
Nevada s history. Prior to starting her own lobbying firm, Ms. Murphy worked for RR Partners in its corporate office in Las Vegas,
Nevada and in the Government Affairs Division in Reno. She has a Doctorate and a Master s in Business Administration from the California
Pacific University. Mrs. Murphy s impressive experience in corporate management, legal research and legislative lobbying led to
the Board s conclusion that she should serve as a director of the Company. 

William
J. Nance Mr. Nance is a Certified Public Accountant and private consultant to the real estate and banking industries. He
is also President of Century Plaza Printers Inc. Mr. Nance was first elected to the Board in 1984. He served as the Company s Chief
Financial Officer from 1987 to 1990 and as Treasurer from 1987 to June 2002. Mr. Nance is also a Director of Santa Fe and Portsmouth.
Mr. Nance also serves as a director of Comstock Mining, Inc. Mr. Nance s extensive experience as a CPA and in numerous phases of
the real estate industry, his business and management experience gained in running his own businesses, his service as a director and
audit committee member for other public companies and his knowledge and understanding of finance and financial reporting, led to the
Board s conclusion that he should serve as a director of the Company. 

John
C. Love Mr. Love was appointed to the Board in 1998. Mr. Love is an international hospitality and tourism consultant. He
is a retired partner in the national CPA and consulting firm of Pannell Kerr Forster and, for the last 30 years, a lecturer in hospitality
industry management control systems and competition strategy at Golden Gate University and San Francisco State University. He is
Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Trustees of Golden Gate University and the Executive Secretary of the Hotel and Restaurant Foundation.
Mr. Love is also a Director of Portsmouth and served on the Board of Santa Fe from March 1998 to December 2019. Mr. Love s extensive
experience as a CPA and in the hospitality industry, including teaching at the university level for the last 30 years in management control
systems, and his knowledge and understanding of finance and financial reporting, led to the Board s conclusion that he should serve
as a director of the Company. 

69 

David
C. Gonzalez Mr. Gonzalez was appointed Chief Operating Officer of the Company on May 31, 2023 and previously was the Vice
President Real Estate of the Company since January 31, 2001. Since 1989, Mr. Gonzalez has served in numerous capacities with the Company,
including Controller and Director of Real Estate. Mr. Gonzalez was appointed advisor of the Executive Strategic Real Estate and Securities
Investment Committee of the Company and Portsmouth in February 2020. The Board of Directors of Portsmouth Square, Inc. elected Mr. Gonzalez
as President of Portsmouth Square Inc. effective May 24, 2021. 

Ann
Marie Blair Ms. Blair was appointed as Treasurer and Controller of the Company on July 6, 2023. Ms. Blair also serves as
Treasurer and Controller of InterGroup, having been appointed to the position on July 6, 2023. Prior to joining the Company, she had
served as Chief Financial Officer in the advertising technology industry. She obtained her Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and
her Master of Business Administration from Cumberland University. 

Danfeng
Xu Ms. Xu was appointed as Treasurer and Controller of the Company on October 16, 2017. Ms. Xu also serves as Treasurer and
Controller of Portsmouth and Santa Fe, having been appointed to those positions on October 16, 2017. On June 1, 2018, she was appointed
Secretary of the Company, Portsmouth and Santa Fe. Prior to joining the Company, she had served as Controller and worked in other positions
at the Hotel from July 2010 to February 2017. She obtained her Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration, Accounting and
Finance from The Ohio State University and her Master of Professional Accounting, with a concentration in Audit and Assurance from University
of Washington. Ms. Xu resigned effective August 31, 2022. 

Family
Relationships: There are no family relationships among directors, executive officers, or persons nominated or chosen by the Company
to become directors or executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings: No director or executive officer, or person nominated or chosen to become a director or executive officer,
was involved in any legal proceeding requiring disclosure. 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company s officers and directors, and each beneficial owner of more than
ten percent of the Common Stock of the Company, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Officers, directors and greater than ten-percent shareholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with
copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

Based
solely on its review of the copies of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to the Company during its most recent fiscal year
and Forms 5 and amendments thereto furnished to the Company with respect to its most recent fiscal year, or written representations from
certain reporting persons that no Forms 5 were required for those persons, the Company believes that during fiscal year 2023 all filing
requirements applicable to its officers, directors, and greater than ten-percent beneficial owners were complied with. 

Code
of Ethics. 

The
Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, including its Board of Directors. A copy of the Code of Ethics is posted
on the Company s website at www.intgla.com . The Company will provide to any person without charge, upon request, a copy
of its Code of Ethics by sending such request to: The InterGroup Corporation, Attn: Treasurer, 1516 S. Bundy Drive, Suite 200, Los Angeles,
California 90025. The Company will promptly disclose any amendments or waivers to its Code of Ethics on Form 8-K and will post such information
on its website. 

BOARD
AND COMMITTEE INFORMATION 

InterGroup s
common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market, LLC NASDAQ ). InterGroup is a Smaller
Reporting Company under the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). With the exception of
the Company s President and CEO, John V. Winfield, all of InterGroup s Board of Directors consists of independent 
directors as independence is defined by the applicable rules of the SEC and NASDAQ. 

70 

Nominating
Committee 

The
Company s Nominating Committee is comprised of two independent directors as independence is defined by the applicable
rules of the SEC and NASDAQ. Directors Love and Murphy serve as the current members of the Nominating Committee. The Company has not
established a charter for the Nominating Committee, and the Committee has no policy with regard to consideration of any director candidates
recommended by security holders. As a smaller reporting company whose directors own in excess of sixty percent of the voting shares of
the Company, InterGroup has not deemed it appropriate to institute such a policy. There have not been any material changes to the procedures
by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Company s board of directors. 

Audit
Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

The
Company is a Smaller Reporting Company under SEC rules and regulations. The Company s Audit Committee is currently comprised of
three members: Directors Nance (Chairperson), Babin and Love, each of whom meets the independence requirements of the SEC and NASDAQ
as modified or supplemented from time to time. The Company s Board of Directors has determined that Directors Nance and Love also
meet the Audit Committee Financial Expert requirement as defined by the SEC and NASDAQ based on their qualifications and business experience
discussed above in this Item 10. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Company s Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee is comprised of three independent members
of the Board of Directors as independence is defined by the applicable rules of the SEC and NASDAQ. Mr. Nance serves as Chairman of the
Compensation Committee. The Company has not established a charter for the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee reviews
and recommends to the Board of Directors the compensation for the Company s Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers,
including equity or performance-based compensation and plans. The Compensation Committee seeks to design and set compensation to attract
and retain highly qualified executive officers and to align their interests with those of long-term owners of the Company. The Compensation
Committee may also make recommendations to the Board of Directors as to the amount and form of director compensation. The Compensation
Committee has not engaged any compensation consultants in determining the amount or form of executive of director compensation but does
review and monitor published compensation surveys and studies. The Compensation Committee may delegate to the Company s Chief Executive
Officer the authority to determine the compensation of certain executive officers. The Compensation Committee also oversees the Company s
2010 Incentive Plan. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
following table provides certain summary information concerning compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the Company s principal
executive officer and other named executive officers of the Company whose total compensation exceeded 100,000 for all services rendered
to the Company and its subsidiaries for each of the Company s last two completed fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. There
was no non-equity incentive plan compensation or nonqualified deferred compensation earnings. There are currently no employment contracts
with the executive officers. 

71 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Other Compensation 
 Total 

John V. Winfield 
 2024 
 838,000 (1) 
 - 
 59,000 (2) 
 897,000 (3) 
 
 Chairman, President and 
 2023 
 838,000 (1) 
 600,000 
 59,000 (2) 
 1,497,000 (3) 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

David C. Gonzalez 
 2024 
 444,000 
 - 
 - 
 444,000 (4) 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 2023 
 444,000 
 600,000 
 - 
 1,044,000 (4) 

Ann Marie Blair 
 2024 
 175,000 
 3,000 
 - 
 178,000 (3) 
 
 Treasurer and Controller 
 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - (3) 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

Danfeng Xu 
 2024 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - (3) 
 
 Treasurer and Controller 
 2023 
 39,000 
 - 
 - 
 39,000 (3) 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer, resigned August 2022) 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Winfield also serves as Chairman of the Board of Portsmouth. During fiscal year 2023, Mr. Winfield received salary of 433,000 from
 Portsmouth. The amounts include director s fees totaling 6,000 and 6,000 for the fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

(2) 
 Compensation
 for a portion of the salary of an assistant to Mr. Winfield. 

(3) 
 Compensation
 is allocated approximately 50 to the Company and 50 to Portsmouth. 

(4) 
 Mr.
 Gonzalez also serves as the President of Portsmouth. Compensation is allocated 67 to the Company and 33 to Portsmouth. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2024 

The
following table sets forth information concerning option awards and stock awards for each named executive officer that were outstanding
as of the end of the Company s last completed fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. There were no other equity incentive plan awards
that were outstanding. 

Option Awards 

Number of 
 Number of 

securities 
 securities 

underlying 
 underlying 

unexercised 
 unexercised 
 Option 
 Option 

options (#) 
 options (#) 
 exercise 
 expiration 
 
 Name 
 exercisable 
 Un-exercisable 
 price 
 date 

John V. Winfield 
 100,000 (1) 
 - 
 10.30 
 3/16/26 
 
 John V. Winfield 
 133,195 (2) 
 - 
 18.65 
 12/26/29 
 
 David C. Gonzalez 
 18,000 (3) 
 - 
 27.30 
 3/2/27 
 
 David C. Gonzalez 
 - 
 18,000 (4) 
 28.90 
 10/13/33 

(1) 
 Stock
 options issued to Mr. Winfield pursuant to the Company s 2010 Incentive Plan are subject to both time and performance-based
 vesting requirements, each of which must be satisfied before the options are fully vested and eligible to be exercised. Pursuant
 to the time vesting requirements, the options vest over a period of five years, with 20,000 options vesting upon each one-year anniversary
 of the date of grant, March 16, 2010. Pursuant to the performance vesting requirements, the options vest in increments of 20,000
 shares upon each increase of 2.00 or more in the market price of the Company s common stock above the exercise price 10.30)
 of the options. To satisfy this requirement, the common stock must trade at that increased level for a period of at least ten trading
 days during any one quarter. As of June 30, 2024, the performance vesting requirements of the options were satisfied. 

72 

(2) 
 On
 December 26, 2013, the Compensation Committee authorized, subject to shareholder approval, a grant of non-qualified and incentive
 stock options for an aggregate of 160,000 shares (the Option Grant to the Company s President and Chief Executive
 Officer, John V. Winfield. The stock option grant was approved by shareholders on February 19, 2014. The grant of stock options was
 made pursuant to, and consistent with, the 2010 Incentive Plan, as proposed to be amended. The non-qualified stock options are for
 133,195 shares and have a term of ten years, expiring on December 26, 2023, with an exercise price of 18.65 per share. The incentive
 stock options are for 26,805 shares and have a term of five years, expiring on December 26, 2018, with an exercise price of 20.52
 per share. In accordance with the terms of the 2010 Incentive Plan, the exercise prices were based on 100 and 110 , respectively,
 of the fair market value of the Company s common stock as determined by reference to the closing price of the Company s
 common stock as reported on the NASDAQ Capital Market on the date of grant. The stock options are subject to time vesting requirements,
 with 20 of the options vesting annually commencing on the first anniversary of the grant date. In December 2018, Mr. Winfield exercised
 the 26,805 vested incentive stock options by surrendering 17,439 shares of the Company s common stock at fair value as payment
 of the exercise price, resulting in a net issuance to him of 9,366 shares. No additional compensation expense was recorded related
 to the issuance. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Gonzalez s stock options vest over a period of five years, with 3,600 options vesting upon each one-year anniversary of the
 date of grant, March 2, 2017. 

(4) 
 Mr.
 Gonzalez s stock options vest over a period of three years, with 6,000 options vesting upon each one-year anniversary of the
 date of grant, October 13, 2023. 

Internal
Revenue Code Limitations 

Section
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), provides that, in the case of a publicly held corporation,
the corporation is not generally allowed to deduct remuneration paid to its chief executive officer and certain other highly compensated
officers to the extent that such remuneration exceeds 1,000,000 for the taxable year. Certain remuneration, however, is not subject
to disallowance, including compensation paid on a commission basis and, if certain requirements prescribed by the Code are satisfied,
other performance-based compensation. Since InterGroup and Portsmouth are both public companies, the 1,000,000 limitation applies separately
to the compensation paid by each entity. Stock option expenses are also amortized over a several years. For fiscal years 2023 and 2022,
no compensation paid by the Company to its CEO or other executive officers was subject the deduction disallowance prescribed by Section
162(m) of the Code. 

EQUITY
COMPENSATION PLANS 

The
Company currently has one equity compensation plan, which has been approved by the Company s stockholders. However, any outstanding
stock options issued under the Company s prior equity compensation plans remain effective in accordance with their terms. 

The
purpose of the Company s equity compensation plans is to provide a means whereby officers, directors and key employees of the Company
develop a sense of proprietorship and personal involvement in the development and financial success of the Company, and to encourage
them to devote their best efforts to the business of the Company, thereby advancing the interests of the Company and its shareholders.
A further purpose of these plans is to provide a means through which the Company may attract able individuals to become employees or
serve as directors of the Company and to provide a means for such individuals to acquire and maintain stock ownership in the Company,
thereby strengthening their concern for the welfare of the Company. 

The
InterGroup Corporation 2010 Omnibus Employee Incentive Plan 

On
February 24, 2010, the shareholders of the Company approved The InterGroup Corporation 2010 Omnibus Employee Incentive Plan (the 2010
Incentive Plan ), which was formally adopted by the Board of Directors following the annual meeting of shareholders. The 2010 Incentive
Plan as modified in December 2013, authorizes a total of up to 400,000 shares of common stock to be issued as equity compensation to
officers and employees of the Company in an amount and in a manner to be determined by the Compensation Committee in accordance with
the terms of the Plan. The 2010 Incentive Plan authorizes the awards of several types of equity compensation including stock options,
stock appreciation rights, performance awards and other stock-based compensation. The 2010 Incentive Plan had an original expiration
date of February 23, 2020, if not terminated sooner by the Board of Directors upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee. Any
awards issued under the Plan will expire under the terms of the grant agreement. 

73 

The
shares of common stock to be issued under the 2010 Incentive Plan have been registered under the Securities Act, pursuant to a registration
statement filed on Form S-8 by the Company on June 16, 2010. Once received, shares of common stock issued under the Plan will be freely
transferable subject to any requirements of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. 

On
March 16, 2010, the Compensation Committee authorized the grant of 100,000 stock options to the Company s Chairman, President and
Chief Executive, John V. Winfield to purchase up to 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the 2010 Incentive
Plan. The exercise price of the options is 10.30, which is 100 of the fair market value of the Company s Common Stock as determined
by reference to the closing price of the Company s Common Stock as reported on the NASDAQ Capital Market on March 16, 2010, the
date of grant. The options had an original expiration date ten years from the date of grant, unless terminated earlier in accordance
with the terms of the 2010 Incentive Plan. The options shall be subject to both time and market-based vesting requirements, each of which
must be satisfied before options are fully vested and eligible to be exercised. Pursuant to the time vesting requirements, the options
vest over a period of five years, with 20,000 options vesting upon each one-year anniversary of the date of grant. Pursuant to the market
vesting requirements, the options vest in increments of 20,000 shares upon each increase of 2.00 or more in the market price of the
Company s common stock above the exercise price 10.30) of the options. To satisfy this requirement, the common stock must trade
at that increased level for a period of at least ten trading days during any one quarter. As of June 30, 2024, all the market vesting
requirements have been met. 

On
December 28, 2019, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors recommended to the Board amendments to the 2010 Incentive Plan
which would amend Section 1.3 to extend the term from ten years to sixteen years, and Section 6.4 to change tenth (10th) anniversary
date to twentieth (20th) anniversary date . This would increase the term of the 2010 Incentive Plan to twenty years
(expiring in February 2030 instead of February 2020) and also permit the existence of options with a term longer than ten years. The
purpose of the amendment to the term is to extend its existence as our only incentive plan. The purpose of amendment of the allowable
term of options is so that the Board may extend the term of the 100,000 options granted to John Winfield on March 16, 2010 from ten years
to sixteen years so that these options will terminate on March 16, 2026 instead of on March 16, 2020, in recognition of Mr. Winfield s
contributions to and leadership of our Company. The recommended amendments were approved by shareholders on February 25, 2020. 

In
February 2012, the Compensation Committee awarded 90,000 stock options to the Company s Chairman, President and Chief Executive,
John V. Winfield to purchase up to 90,000 shares of common stock. The per share exercise price of the options is 19.77 which is the
fair value of the Company s Common Stock as reported on NASDAQ on February 28, 2012. The options expire ten years from the date
of grant. The options are subject to both time and market-based vesting requirements, each of which must be satisfied before the options
are fully vested and eligible to be exercised. Pursuant to the time vesting requirements, the options vest over a period of five years,
with 18,000 options vesting upon each one-year anniversary of the date of grant. Pursuant to the market vesting requirements, the options
vest in increments of 18,000 shares upon each increase of 2.00 or more in the market price of the Company s common stock above
the exercise price 19.77) of the options. To satisfy this requirement, the common stock must trade at that increased level for a period
of at least ten trading days during any one quarter. On January 21, 2022, Mr. Winfield exercised 90,000 of his vested stock options by
surrendering 35,094 shares of the Company s common stock at fair value as payment of the exercise price, resulting in a net issuance
to him of 54,906 shares. No additional compensation expense was recorded related to the issuance. 

On
December 26, 2013, the Compensation Committee authorized, subject to shareholder approval, a grant of non-qualified and incentive stock
options for an aggregate of 160,000 shares (the Option Grant to the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer,
John V. Winfield. The stock option grant was approved by shareholders on February 19, 2014. The grant of stock options was made pursuant
to, and consistent with, the 2010 Incentive Plan, as proposed to be amended. The non-qualified stock options are for 133,195 shares and
have a term of ten years, expiring on December 26, 2023, with an exercise price of 18.65 per share. The incentive stock options are
for 26,805 shares and have a term of five years, expiring on December 26, 2018, with an exercise price of 20.52 per share. In accordance
with the terms of the 2010 Incentive Plan, the exercise prices were based on 100 and 110 , respectively, of the fair market value of
the Company s common stock as determined by reference to the closing price of the Company s common stock as reported on the
NASDAQ Capital Market on the date of grant. The stock options are subject to time vesting requirements, with 20 of the options vesting
annually commencing on the first anniversary of the grant date. In December 2018, Mr. Winfield exercised the 26,805 vested incentive
stock options by surrendering 17,439 shares of the Company s common stock at fair value as payment of the exercise price, resulting
in a net issuance to him of 9,366 shares. On December 21, 2023, the Company extended the expiration date of the 133,195 stock options
originally issued to John V. Winfield, CEO on December 26, 2013 with an exercise price of 18.65. The original expiration date was December
26, 2023 and is extended to December 26, 2029. As a result of extending Mr. Winfield s options, the Company recorded stock option
compensation cost of 1,175,000 in December 2023. The fair value of the modification was estimated using the Black Scholes pricing model,
which takes into account immediately before and after the modification date the exercise price 18.65 per share and expected life of
the stock option of 0.01 and 6 years, the market price of the underlying stock on modification date and its expected volatility 8 and
53 , expected dividends 0 on the stock and the risk free interest rate 0.19 and 1.65 for the expected term of the stock option. 

74 

In
March 2017, the Compensation Committee awarded 18,000 stock options to the Company s Vice President of Real Estate, David C. Gonzalez,
to purchase up to 18,000 shares of common stock. The per share exercise price of the options is 27.30 which is the fair value of the
Company s Common Stock as reported on NASDAQ Capital Market on March 2, 2017. The options expire ten years from the date of grant.
Pursuant to the time vesting requirements, the options vest over a period of five years, with 3,600 options vesting upon each one-year
anniversary of the date of grant. 

On
October 13, 2023, the Compensation Committee awarded 18,000 stock options to the Company s Chief Operating Officer David C. Gonzalez,
to purchase up to 18,000 shares of common stock. The exercise price of the options is 28.90 which was the fair market value of the Company s
Common Stock as reported on NASDAQ closing on October 12, 2023. The options expire in ten years from the date of grant. Pursuant to the
time vesting requirements, the options vest over a period of three years, with 6,000 options vesting upon each on year anniversary of
the date of grant. 

Compensation
of Directors 

Effective
as of fiscal year ended June 30, 2011, annual cash compensation payable to non-employee directors has been 12,000. With the exception
of members of the Audit Committee, non-employee directors do not receive any additional fees for attending Board or Committee meetings
but are entitled to reimbursement of their reasonable expenses to attend such meetings. Members of the Audit Committee are paid a fee
of 1,000 per quarter, with the Chair of that Committee to receive 1,500 per quarter. As an executive officer, the Company s Chairman
has elected to forego his annual board fees. 

The
following table sets forth the compensation paid to directors during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024: 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

Fees Earned 

Name 
 or Paid in Cash 
 Stock Awards 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 

John C. Love 
 46,000 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 46,000 

William J. Nance 
 48,000 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 48,000 

Steve Grunwald 
 44,000 (3) 
 - 
 - 
 44,000 

Yvonne L. Murphy 
 40,000 (4) 
 - 
 - 
 40,000 

John V. Winfield (5) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Amounts
 shown include board retainer fees, committee fees and meeting fees. 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Love also serves as director of the Company s subsidiary, Portsmouth. Amounts shown include 8,000 in regular board and audit
 committee fees paid by Portsmouth. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Nance also serves as a director of the Company s subsidiary, Portsmouth. Amounts shown include 8,000 in regular board and
 audit committee fees paid by Portsmouth. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Grunwald also serves as director of the Company s subsidiary, Portsmouth. Amounts shown
 include 6,000 in regular board fees paid by Portsmouth. 

(4) 
 Ms.
 Murphy also serves as director of the Company s subsidiary, Portsmouth. Amounts shown include 6,000 in regular board fees
 paid by Portsmouth. 

(5) 
 As
 Chief Executive Officer, the Company s Chairman, John V. Winfield, was not paid any board, committee or meetings fees. Mr.
 Winfield received 6,000 in regular board fees from Portsmouth, which is reported on the Summary Compensation Table. 

75 

Change
in Control or Other Arrangements 

Except
for the foregoing, there are no other arrangements for compensation of Directors and there are no employment contracts between the Company
and its Directors or any change in control arrangements. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners. 

The
following table sets forth, as of September 30, 2024, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of Common Stock of
the Company owned by those persons or groups known by the Company to own more than five percent of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and 
Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percent of Class (2) 

John V. Winfield 
 1,686,374 (3) 
 69.4 
 
 1516 S. Bundy Drive, Suite 200 Los Angeles, California 90025 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise indicated and subject to applicable community property laws, each person has sole voting and investment power with respect
 to the shares beneficially owned. 

(2) 
 Percentages
 are calculated on the basis of 2,178,955 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of September 30, 2024, plus any securities that person
 has the right to acquire within 60 days pursuant to options, warrants, conversion privileges or other rights. 

(3) 
 Includes
 233,195 shares that Mr. Winfield has a right to acquire pursuant to vested stock options. 

Security
Ownership of Management. 

The
following table sets forth, as of September 30, 2024, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of Common Stock of
the Company owned by (i) each Director and each of the named Executive Officers, and (ii) all Directors and Executive Officers as a group. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percent of Class (2) 

John V. Winfield 
 1,686,374 (3) 
 69.4 

William J. Nance 
 47,946 
 2.0 

John C. Love 
 8,561 

David C. Gonzalez 
 44,769 (4) 
 1.8 

Yvonne L. Murphy 
 2,282 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (5 persons) 
 1,789,932 
 73.7 

Ownership
 does not exceed 1 . 

76 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise indicated and subject to applicable community property laws, each person has sole voting and investment power with respect
 to the shares beneficially owned. 

(2) 
 Percentages
 are calculated on the basis of 2,178,955 shares of Common Stock outstanding at September 30, 2024, plus any securities that person
 has the right to acquire within 60 days pursuant to options, warrants, conversion privileges or other rights. 

(3) 
 Includes
 233,195 shares that Mr. Winfield has a right to acquire pursuant to vested stock options. 

(4) 
 Includes
 18,000 shares that Mr. Gonzalez has a right to acquire pursuant to vested stock options. 

Changes
in Control. 

There
are no arrangements that may result in a change in control of the Company. 

SECURITIES
AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS. 

The
following table sets forth information as of June 30, 2024 with respect to compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements)
under which equity securities of the Company are authorized for issuance, aggregated as follows: 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options warrants and rights 
 Remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 269,195 
 16.81 
 None 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 None 
 N/A 
 None 

Total 
 269,195 
 16.81 
 None 

(a)
There were 251,195 stock options outstanding as of June 30, 2024. 

(b)
Reflects the weighted average exercise price of all outstanding options. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Mr.
Winfield owns 2.5 of Portsmouth. Director William Nance is a director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Comstock Mining, Inc.,
since 2005. 

77 

As
Chairman of the Executive Strategic Real Estate and Securities Investment Committee, the Company s President and Chief Executive
Officer (CEO), John V. Winfield, directs the investment activity of the Company in public and private markets pursuant to authority granted
by the Board of Directors. Mr. Winfield also serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Portsmouth and oversees the investment
activity of Portsmouth. Effective June 2016, Mr. Winfield became the Managing Director of Justice and served in that position until the
dissolution of Justice in December 2021. Depending on certain market conditions and various risk factors, the Chief Executive Officer
and Portsmouth may, at times, invest in the same companies in which the Company invests. Such investments align the interests of the
Company with the interests of related parties because it places the personal resources of the Chief Executive Officer and the resources
of Portsmouth, at risk in substantially the same manner as the Company in connection with investment decisions made on behalf of the
Company. 

Director
Independence 

InterGroup s
common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. InterGroup is a Smaller Reporting Company under
the rules and regulations of the SEC. The Board of Directors of InterGroup currently consists of five members. With the exception of
the Company s President and CEO, John V. Winfield, all of InterGroup s Board of Directors consists of independent 
directors as independence is defined by the applicable rules of the SEC and NASDAQ. There are no members of the Company s compensation,
nominating or audit committees that do not meet those independence standards. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

On
January 31, 2022, the Audit Committee retained WithumSmith+Brown, PC, PCAOB ID: 100 Withum as the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm. The aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 for professional
services rendered by Withum are set forth in the table below. These fees were billed for audit of the Company s annual financial
statements, review of financial statements included in the Company s Form 10-Q reports, and services provided in connection with
statutory and regulatory filings and engagements for those fiscal years. 

Fiscal Year 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Audit fees Withum 
 205,000 
 215,000 
 
 Tax fees Withum 
 56,000 
 131,000 
 
 TOTAL: 
 261,000 
 346,000 

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies 

The
Audit Committee shall pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be
performed for the Company by its independent registered public accounting firm, subject to any de minimis exceptions that may be set
for non-audit services described in Section 10A(i)(1)(B) of the Exchange Act which are approved by the Committee prior to the completion
of the audit. The Committee may form and delegate authority to subcommittees consisting of one or more members when appropriate, including
the authority to grant pre-approvals of audit and permitted non-audit services, provided that decisions of such subcommittee to grant
pre-approvals shall be presented to the full Committee at its next scheduled meeting. All of the services described herein were approved
by the Audit Committee pursuant to its pre-approval policies. 

78 

None
of the hours expended on the independent registered public accounting firms engagement to audit the Company s financial
statements for the most recent fiscal year were attributed to work performed by persons other than the independent registered public
accounting firm s full-time permanent employees. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)(1)
Financial Statements 

The
following financial statements of the Company are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report at pages 32 through 64: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated Balance Sheets - June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Deficit for Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Years Ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(a)(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
other schedules for which provision is made in Regulation S-X have been omitted because they are not required or are not applicable or
the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

(a)(3)
Exhibits 

Set
forth below is an index of applicable exhibits filed with this report according to exhibit table number. 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 

3.(i) 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation: 

3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation, dated September 11, 1985, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Registration Statement
 on Form S-4, filed on September 6, 1985 (Registration No. 33-00126) and Amendment 1 to that Registration Statement filed on October
 23, 1985. 

3.2 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated March 9, 1998, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 of the Company s Amended Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB/A for the period ended March 31, 1998, as filed on May 19, 1998. 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, dated October 2, 1998, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 of the Company s Quarterly report on Form 10-QSB for the period ended September 30, 1998, as filed on November 13, 1998. 

79 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on August 6, 2007, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended June 30, 2007 as filed on September 28, 2007. 

3.(ii) 
 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of The InterGroup Corporation, effective as of December 10, 2007, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed on December 12, 2007. 

4. 
 
 Instruments
 defining the rights of security holders including indentures 

9. 
 
 Voting Trust Agreement: Voting Trust Agreement dated June 30, 1998 between John V. Winfield and The InterGroup Corporation is incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB filed with the Commission on September 28, 1998. 

10. 
 
 Material
 Contracts: 

10.1 
 
 1998 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors approved by the Board of Directors on December 8, 1998 and ratified by the shareholders on January 27, 1999 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Commission on December 21, 1998). 

10.2 
 
 1998 Stock Option Plan for Selected Key Officers, Employees and Consultants approved by the Board of Directors on December 8, 1998 and ratified by the shareholders on January 27, 1999 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Commission on December 21, 1998). 

10.3 
 
 The InterGroup Corporation 2007 Stock Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Commission on January 26, 2007). 

10.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Justice Investors, effective November 30, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q Report for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2010, filed with the Commission on February 11, 2011). 

10.5 
 
 General Partner Compensation Agreement, dated December 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Company s Form 10-Q Report for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2008, filed with the Commission on February 13, 2009). 

10.6 
 
 The InterGroup Corporation 2008 Restricted Stock Unit Plan, adopted by the Board of Directors on December 3, 2008, and ratified by the shareholders on February 18, 2009 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the Commission on January 21, 2009). 

10.7 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, dated February 18, 2009, between The InterGroup Corporation and John V. Winfield (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2009, as filed with the Commission on October 13, 2009). 

10.8 
 
 The InterGroup Corporation 2010 Omnibus Employee Incentive Plan, approved by the shareholders and adopted by the Board of Directors on February 24, 2010 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the Commission on January 27, 2010). 

80 

10.9 
 
 Employee Stock Option Agreement, dated March 16, 2010, between The InterGroup Corporation and John V. Winfield (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company s report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2010, as filed with the Commission on September 27, 2010). 

10.10 
 
 Franchise License Agreement, dated December 10, 2004, between Justice Investors and Hilton Hotels (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s amended report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2011, as filed with the Commission on August 24, 2012). 

10.13 
 
 Employee Stock Option Agreement, dated February 28, 2012, between The InterGroup Corporation and John V. Winfield (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2014, as filed with the Commission on September 20, 2012). 

10.16 
 
 Management Agreement, dated February 1, 2017, between Justice Operating Company, LLC and Aimbridge Management Company, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Form 10-K Report for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017, as filed with the Commission on October 13, 2017). 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics (filed herewith). 

19 
 
 Insider trading policy. 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries (filed herewith). 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Withum Smith+Brown, PC 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (filed herewith). 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (filed herewith). 

97 
 
 Policy Regarding Erroneously Awarded Compensation. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DFE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

All
 Exhibits marked by one asterisk are incorporated herein by reference to the Trust s Registration Statement on Form S-4 as filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 6, 1985, Amendment No. 1 to Form S-4 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on October 23, 1985, Exhibit 14 to Form 8 Amendment No. 1 to Form 8 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 November 1987 and Form 8 Amendment No. 1 Item 4 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission October 1988. 

81 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

THE
 INTERGROUP CORPORATION 

(Registrant) 

Date:
 
 September
 30, 2024 
 
 by 
 /s/
 John V. Winfield 

John
 V. Winfield, President, 

Chairman
 of the Board and 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date:
 
 September
 30, 2024 
 
 by 
 /s/
 Ann Marie Blair 

Ann
 Marie Blair, 
 Principal
 Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 
 
 Title
 and Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 John V Winfield 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and 
 
 September
 30, 2024 
 
 John
 V. Winfield 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 David C. Gonzalez 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 September
 30, 2024 
 
 David
 C. Gonzalez 

/s/
 John C. Love 
 
 Director 
 
 September
 30, 2024 
 
 John
 C. Love 

/s/
 Steve Grunwald 
 
 Director 
 
 September
 30, 2024 
 
 Steve
 Grunwald 

/s/
 Yvonne L. Murphy 
 
 Director 
 
 September
 30, 2024 
 
 Yvonne
 L. Murphy 

/s/
 William J. Nance 
 
 Director 
 
 September
 30, 2024 
 
 William
 J. Nance 

82 

<EX-14>
 2
 ex14.htm

EXHIBIT
14 

THE
INTERGROUP CORPORATION 

 CODE
OF ETHICS 

 FOR 

 SENIOR
FINANCIAL OFFICERS 

This
Code of Ethics applies to The InterGroup Corporation InterGroup or the Company Senior Financial Officers.
 Senior Financial Officers shall include the principal executive officer, the principal accounting officer or controller,
or persons performing similar functions, including InterGroup s President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
Treasurer, Controller, Vice President, the Company s Board of Directors and such other individuals as determined from time to time
by the Audit Committee of the Company for purposes of this Code of Ethics. The Company expects all employees, in carrying out their job
responsibilities, to act in accordance with the highest standards of personal and professional integrity, to comply with all applicable
laws, and to abide by InterGroup s other corporate policies and procedures adopted from time to time by the Company. This Code
of Ethics supplements the foregoing with respect to all Senior Financial Officers. 

InterGroup s
Senior Financial Officers will: 

1.
Engage in and promote honest and ethical conduct, acting with integrity and exercising at all times their best independent judgment; 

2.
Avoid actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships and disclose to the Company s Audit
Committee and counsel any material transaction or relationship that reasonably could be expected to give rise to such a conflict; 

3.
Produce full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that InterGroup files with, or submits to,
the Securities and Exchange Commission and in other public communications made by InterGroup; 

4.
Comply with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations, as well as the rules and regulations of self-regulatory organizations
of which InterGroup is a member; 

5.
Maintain the confidentiality of Company information, except when authorized or otherwise required to make any disclosure, and avoid the
use of any Company information for personal advantage; 

6.
Promote ethical and honest behavior among employees under your supervision; and 

7.
Promptly report any possible violation of this Code of Ethics to the Audit Committee and the Company s counsel. 

All
Senior Financial Officers are prohibited from directly or indirectly taking any action to coerce, manipulate, mislead or fraudulently
influence InterGroup s independent public accountant engaged in the performance of an audit or review of the financial statements
of the Company for the purpose of rendering the financial statements of InterGroup misleading. 

The
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors shall approve any waiver or amendment of this Code of Ethics, and any such waiver or amendment
shall be disclosed promptly as required by law and SEC regulations. 

All
Senior Financial Officers will be held accountable for their adherence to this Code of Ethics. Failure to observe the terms of this Code
of Ethics may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. Violations of this Code of Ethics may also
constitute violations of law, and may result in civil and criminal penalties for the individual, his or her supervisor and/or InterGroup. 

If
a Senior Financial Officer has any questions regarding the best course of action in a particular situation, he or she should promptly
contact the Chairman of the Audit Committee or the Company s counsel. An individual may choose to remain anonymous in reporting
any possible violation of this Code of Ethics. 

</EX-14>

<EX-19>
 3
 ex19.htm

EXHIBIT
19 

</EX-19>

<EX-21>
 4
 ex21.htm

EXHIBIT
21 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF THE INTERGROUP CORPORATION 

(1) 
 
 Intergroup
 Summit Hills, Inc. (incorporated on August 12, 1993 in TX) 
 
 (2) 
 
 Intergroup
 Mariposa, Inc. (incorporated on June 23, 1994 in TX) 
 
 (3) 
 
 Intergroup
 Cross Keys, Inc. (incorporated on April 1, 1994 in MO) 
 
 (4) 
 
 Intergroup
 Bridgeton, Inc. (incorporated on May 12, 1994 in MO) 
 
 (5) 
 
 Intergroup
 Whisperwood, Inc. (incorporated on June 20, 1994 in PA) 
 
 (6) 
 
 Mutual
 Real Estate Corp. (incorporated on March 10, 1994 in TX) 
 
 (7) 
 
 Golden
 West Entertainment, Inc. (incorporated February 15, 1990 in CA) 
 
 (8) 
 
 Golden
 West Television Productions, Inc. (incorporated September 17, 1991 in CA) 
 
 (9) 
 
 Golden
 West Television Productions, Inc. (incorporated March 17, 1986 in NY) 
 
 (10) 
 
 Intergroup
 Meadowbrook Gardens, Inc. (incorporated on June 23, 1994 in NJ) 
 
 (11) 
 
 Intergroup
 Pine Lake, Inc. (incorporated on February 9, 1996 in KY) 
 
 (12) 
 
 Healthy
 Planet Communications, Inc. (incorporated July 3, 1997 in CA) 
 
 (13) 
 
 Portsmouth
 Square, Inc. (incorporated July 6, 1967 in CA) 
 
 (14) 
 
 2301
 Bel-Air Equity, Inc. (incorporated May 25, 2000 in CA) 
 
 (15) 
 
 11371
 Ovada Properties, Inc. (incorporated May 25, 2000 in CA) 
 
 (16) 
 
 11361
 Ovada Properties, Inc. (incorporated June 1, 2000 in CA) 
 
 (17) 
 
 11680
 Bellagio Properties, Inc. (incorporated May 25, 2000 in CA) 
 
 (18) 
 
 11650
 Bellagio Properties, Inc. (incorporated August 17, 2000 in CA) 
 
 (19) 
 
 636
 Acanto Properties, Inc. (incorporated February 15, 2001 in CA) 
 
 (20) 
 
 614
 Acanto Properties, LLC. (converted from 614 Acanto Properties Inc. November 16, 2020 in CA) 
 
 (21) 
 
 Intergroup
 Uluniu, Inc. (incorporated August 12, 2004 in HI) 
 
 (22) 
 
 850
 Moraga Properties LLC (formed on October 19, 2010 in CA) 
 
 (23) 
 
 855
 Moraga Properties LLC (formed on October 19, 2010 in CA) 
 
 (24) 
 
 11666
 Bellagio Properties LLC (formed on July 8, 2015 in CA) 
 
 (25) 
 
 801
 26 th Street Properties LLC (formed on June 23, 2016 in CA) 
 
 (26) 
 
 11678
 Bellagio Properties LLC (formed on July 3, 2003 in CA) 
 
 (27) 
 
 606
 Acanto Properties LLC (formed on April 19, 2021 in CA) 

Unless
otherwise indicated, all subsidiaries are 100 -owned. 

The
 InterGroup Corporation owns approximately 75.7 of Portsmouth Square, Inc. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333 167570 and No. 333-144122) of The
InterGroup Corporation (the Company ), of our report dated September 30, 2024 (which includes an explanatory paragraph related
to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern), relating to the consolidated financial statements which appear in this
Form 10-K. 

/s/
WithumSmith+Brown, PC 

East
Brunswick, NJ 

 September
30, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
John V. Winfield, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of The InterGroup Corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weakness in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
September 30, 2024 

/s/
 John V. Winfield 

John
 V. Winfield 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Ann Marie Blair, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of The InterGroup Corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weakness in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
September 30, 2024 

/s/
 Ann Marie Blair 

Ann
 Marie Blair 

Principal
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 

 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 As
Adopted Pursuant to 

 Section
906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of The InterGroup Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June
30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John V. Winfield, President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 5(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 John V. Winfield 

John
 V. Winfield 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
September 30, 2024 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to The InterGroup Corporation and will be retained
by The InterGroup Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

Certification
of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 

 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 As
Adopted Pursuant to 

 Section
906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of The InterGroup Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June
30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ann Marie Blair, Corporate
Controller of the Company, serving as its Principal Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 5(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 Ann Marie Blair 

Ann
 Marie Blair 

Principal
 Financial Officer 

Date:
September 30, 2024 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to The InterGroup Corporation and will be retained
by The InterGroup Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97>
 10
 ex97.htm

EXHIBIT
97 

</EX-97>

<EX-101.SCH>
 21
 intg-20240630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 23
 intg-20240630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 24
 intg-20240630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 25
 intg-20240630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

