<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241213_10-K_edgar_data_1022505_0001493152-24-049837.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6276626</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>251053</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1435023</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1675434</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1294060</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1481590</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-049837.hdr.sgml : 20241213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241212180039
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-049837
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241212

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SideChannel, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001022505
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				860837077
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28745
		FILM NUMBER:		241546215

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		146 MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 405
		CITY:			WORCESTER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01608
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512-649-7700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		146 MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 405
		CITY:			WORCESTER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01608

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CIPHERLOC Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150423

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NATIONAL SCIENTIFIC CORP/AZ
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991229

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-049837.txt : 20241213

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____ to ____ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No. 

, , , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title
of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Small
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

On
March 28, 2024, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value
of the common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million based upon the closing price of the common
stock on that date on the OTCQB Venture Market of approximately 0.07. 

As
of December 12, 2024, there were shares of the issuer s common stock, par value per share, outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: 

SIDECHANNEL,
INC. 

 FORM
10-K ANNUAL REPORT 

 FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 4 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 
 10 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 
 29 

ITEM
 1C. 
 CYBERSECURITY 
 29 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 31 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 
 31 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 31 

PART
 II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 32 

ITEM
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 32 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 32 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 37 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 38 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 60 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 60 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 62 

ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 62 

PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 62 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 62 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 63 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 63 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 63 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 63 

SIGNATURES 
 66 

2 

Except
as otherwise required by the context, references to SideChannel, SideChannel, Inc., the Company, 
 we, us and our are to (i) Cipherloc Corporation, a Texas corporation, and its subsidiaries,
for all periods prior to September 30, 2021, and to (ii) Cipherloc Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries, for all
periods after September 30, 2021, the date of the completion of the merger of the Texas corporation into the Delaware corporation, and
to (iii) SideChannel, Inc., a Delaware corporation and its subsidiaries, for all periods after July 5, 2022, the date of the name change
of Cipherloc Corporation s name to SideChannel, Inc. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives and expected operating
results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements generally are identified by the words believe, project, expect, anticipate, 
 estimate, intend, strategy, plan, may, should, will, 
 would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking
statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results
to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. A detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

These
forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees,
but involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 

Although
we believe that the assumptions underlying our forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate;
therefore, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will prove to be accurate.
In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in our forward-looking statements, the inclusion of such information should not be
regarded as a representation by us or any other person that our objectives and plans will be achieved. Some of these and other risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements are more fully described
in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or those discussed in other documents we filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC ). Except as may be required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update
or advise of any change in any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. In making
these statements, we disclaim any obligation to address or update each factor in future filings with the SEC or communications regarding
our business or results, and we do not undertake to address how any of these factors may have caused changes to discussions or information
contained in previous filings or communications. In addition, any of the matters discussed above may have affected our past results and
may affect future results, so that our actual results may differ materially from those expressed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
in prior or subsequent communications. 

3 

This
information should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes thereto included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, and Part II. Other Information - Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations , contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We
are not aware of any misstatements regarding any third-party information presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K; however, these
estimates, in particular, as they relate to projections, involve numerous assumptions, are subject to risks and uncertainties, and are
subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under, and incorporated by reference in, Risk Factors of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. These and other factors could cause our future performance to differ materially from our assumptions and estimates.
Some market and other data included herein, as well as the data of competitors as they relate to SideChannel, is also based on our good
faith estimates. 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Business
Overview Strategy 

SideChannel
is a cybersecurity advisory services and software company. Our mission is to simplify cybersecurity for mid-market and emerging companies,
a market we believe is underserved. Our products and services offer comprehensive cybersecurity and privacy risk management solutions.
We anticipate ongoing demand for cost-effective cybersecurity solutions, driven by continued remote and hybrid work environments, increased
data breaches, and a heightened focus of Chief Information Officers (CIOs) on information security. To meet these needs, we aim to provide
tech-enabled services, including virtual Chief Information Security Officer (vCISO) services, zero trust solutions, third-party risk
management, due diligence, privacy, threat intelligence, and managed end-point security solutions. 

Market
Opportunity 

According to the Cantor s Cybersecurity Q3 24 Market Updater released by
Cantor Technology Investment Banking on October 29, 2024 Cantor 2024 Q3 Update ), security spending is forecasted to reach
 190 billion in calendar year CY 2024, reflecting significant growth in the cybersecurity market. Information security
spending is expected to have grown 12.4 for CY 2023 on a constant currency basis from 141.4 billion in CY 2022 to 158.9 billion in
CY 2023. This growth is driven by continued remote and hybrid work, increased incidences of data breaches, and a continued focus of CIOs
on information security. 

The Cantor 2024 Q3 Update also noted: 

The number of reported data compromises increased by 78 in 2023, affecting over 350 million
 victims. 

Cybercrime
 adversaries are utilizing social engineering to circumvent multi-factor authentication MFA ),
 and phishing, stolen or compromised credentials, and cloud misconfiguration were the most
 frequent attack vectors. 

Intrusions
 through cloud environments have increased by 75 year-over-year from 2022 to 2023. As a result,
 51 of organizations are planning to increase security investments following a breach. 

The Cantor 2024 Q3 Update projects that by the end of 2026, the democratization of technology, digitization, and automation of work are expected to increase the total addressable
market of fully remote and hybrid workers to 64 of all employees, up from 52 in 2021. This shift increases demand for remote worker
technologies such as Identity and Access Management IAM ), Endpoint Protection Platforms EPP ), and Secure
Web Gateways SWG ). Organizations are also investing in application and data security to support the rise in volume and
velocity of data, with the prevalence of Internet of Things IoT expanding the attack surface. 

Transformational
technologies in data security, application security, network security, security operations, and risk management are gaining traction.
These include data security posture management DSPM ), homomorphic encryption, cyber-physical system CPS security, generative AI GenAI ), and application security posture management ASPM ). AI is the top emerging
technology to be deployed, with 71 of organizations planning deployment within two to three years, and 34 within the next 12 months, according to the Cantor 2024 Q3 Update. 

4 

Our
Solutions 

Enclave,
our proprietary SaaS platform, streamlines critical cybersecurity tasks such as asset inventory and microsegmentation. Enclave
integrates access control, microsegmentation, encryption, machine identity management, and secure networking concepts into a unified
solution, enabling IT professionals to efficiently segment networks, assign staff, and manage traffic. This aligns with the
industry s shift towards zero trust frameworks, which have been adopted fully or partially by 63 of organizations worldwide,
according to the Gartner State of Zero Trust Strategy Adoption Survey dated April
22, 2024 Gartner 2024 Zero Trust Report ). 

Our
efforts are focused on protecting and enabling the critical business functions of our clients and customers through comprehensive cybersecurity
programs. This specifically includes: 

Embedding
 vCISOs as a fractional resource into the leadership teams of our clients. The role of vCISOs
 is becoming increasingly pivotal, especially among small and cloud-enabled companies. The
 flexibility and expertise offered by vCISOs make them an attractive option for companies
 facing budget constraints and needing to establish a robust security posture quickly. 

Deploying
 Enclave to simplify the segmentation and security of digital networks, addressing the increased
 demand for remote worker technologies and zero trust strategies. 

Assessing,
 identifying, and mitigating cybersecurity and privacy risks through tech-enabled security
 engineering processes. We leverage AI-based security operations for post-detection actions,
 including alert prioritization, augmented threat detection/hunting, playbook creation, and
 automation of incident response processes. 

Reselling
 third-party cybersecurity services and software when appropriate, expanding our offerings
 to include a full range of cybersecurity products and services delivered through our team
 of security engineers and a network of third-party service providers and value-added resellers
 (VARs). 

Revenue
Categories 

We
internally report our revenue using two categories: 

vCISO Services: This category captures the revenue from the Chief Information Security Officer
services that we provide to our clients on a virtual or outsourced basis. Services delivered by SideChannel through our
team of vCISOs include assessing the cybersecurity risk profile, implementing policies and programs to mitigate risks, and managing the
day-to-day tasks to ensure compliance with the adopted cybersecurity framework. Most of our clients use our vCISO services. 

vCISO
engagements typically include a fixed monthly subscription fee and contract duration typically exceeds 12 months.
Hourly rates for vCISO time and material projects range from 350 to 450. Each of our vCISOs is generally embedded into the C-suite
executive teams of two to four of our clients. 

According
to the 2023 vCISO Service Provider Survey by Hitch Partners, the adoption of vCISO services is on the rise, particularly among small
and cloud-enabled companies. Key services provided by vCISOs include Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC), strategic planning, and
mentoring security teams. Many vCISO engagements extend beyond initial expectations, indicating a sustained need for their expertise. 

5 

Cybersecurity Software and Services: This category encompasses an array of cybersecurity software and services
that our clients deem necessary to protect their digital assets. These augment our vCISO offering and include a full range of other cybersecurity
products and services delivered through a team of security engineers along with a network of third-party service providers and VARs. Commercial
relationships with third-party service providers and VARs provide SideChannel with additional internal capabilities to mitigate cybersecurity
risks. We earn licensing revenue from software contracts and commissions from third-party service provider partnerships which are included
in this revenue category. 

In
response to evolving threats highlighted in the 2024 Data Breach Investigations Report released by Verizon, SideChannel
offers solutions designed to address financial and espionage-driven breaches effectively, minimize end-user errors, and ensure rapid incident
response. With the increase in data transmission and connected intelligent devices through the prevalence of IoT, the scale of security
risks and the attack surface are much larger. Our offerings in data security, application security, network security, security operations,
and risk management position us to meet these challenges. 

Growth
Strategy 

Our
growth strategy focuses on these three initiatives: 

Securing
 new vCISO clients: As organizations plan to increase security investments due to breaches
 and the rising complexity of cyber threats, we aim to expand our client base by offering
 flexible, expert vCISO services that address budget constraints and the need for rapid security
 posture establishment. 

Adding
 new cybersecurity software and services offerings: We plan to enhance our portfolio by
 incorporating transformational technologies such as AI-based security operations, data security
 posture management (DSPM), polymorphic encryption, cyber-physical system (CPS) security,
 and application security posture management (ASPM). This aligns with industry trends and
 the anticipated incremental spend on application and data security due to generative AI. 

Increasing
 adoption of cybersecurity software, including Enclave, and services offerings at vCISO clients:
 By promoting Enclave and our other cybersecurity solutions to our existing vCISO clients,
 we aim to deepen our relationships and provide comprehensive, integrated security solutions.
 This supports the increased demand for zero trust strategies and remote worker technologies. 

Enclave:
A SideChannel Proprietary Software Product 

Incorporating insights from the Gartner 2024 Zero Trust Report, implementing a zero-trust strategy has become a priority for a majority of organizations
worldwide. The survey revealed that 63 of organizations have fully or partially adopted zero-trust frameworks. For 78 of these
organizations, the investment in zero trust constitutes less than 25 of their overall cybersecurity budget. This strategic approach
typically covers about half of an organization s environment, addressing approximately a quarter of overall enterprise
risk. 

In the Gartner 2024 Zero Trust Report, Gartner emphasized the importance of defining the scope early in the zero-trust strategy. Organizations must identify which domains are in scope
and understand the extent of risk mitigation achievable through zero-trust controls. Despite broad adoption, many enterprises struggle
with best practices for implementation. Gartner suggests three key practices: establishing a clear scope, communicating success through
strategic and operational metrics, and anticipating increases in staffing and costs without delays. 

In
the context of SideChannel s offerings, our proprietary software, Enclave, is well-positioned to address these challenges. Enclave
simplifies crucial cybersecurity tasks such as asset inventory, vulnerability management, and microsegmentation. By integrating access
control, microsegmentation, encryption, machine identity management, and secure networking concepts into a unified solution, Enclave
provides a comprehensive solution for managing cybersecurity controls effectively. It allows IT professionals to segment enterprise networks
efficiently, allocate the right personnel to those segments, and direct traffic seamlessly. This alignment with zero-trust principles
ensures that organizations can enhance their security posture and achieve measurable risk reduction. 

6 

By
leveraging Enclave, SideChannel not only addresses the immediate cybersecurity needs of our clients but also aligns with industry
best practices as highlighted by the Gartner 2024 Zero Trust Report and market trends identified
in the Cantor 2024 Q3 Update. With the rise in remote and hybrid work models, and the increased demand for remote worker technologies
such as Identity and Access Management, Endpoint Protection Platform, and Secure Web Gateway, Enclave offers a solution that simplifies
the segmentation and security of digital networks. 

Industry
Standards and Compliance 

Industry-standard
cybersecurity and risk management frameworks, such as the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework (NIST
CSF) and Center for Internet Security Controls (CIS), prioritize inventory of assets and access control as top requirements for a sustainable
and compliant cybersecurity program. CIS version 8 controls call for organizations to: 

Critical
 Control 1: Establish and maintain an accurate, detailed, and up-to-date inventory
 of all enterprise assets with the potential to store or process data. 

Critical
 Control 2: Actively manage (inventory, track, and correct) all software (operating
 systems and applications) on the network so that only authorized software is installed and
 can execute, and that unauthorized and unmanaged software is found and prevented from installation
 or execution. 

Critical
 Control 3: Configure data access control lists based on a user s need to know.
 Apply data access control lists, also known as access permissions, to local and remote file
 systems, databases, and applications. 

We
built Enclave to address these extremely critical cybersecurity controls along with many others. Enclave seamlessly combines access control,
microsegmentation, encryption, and other secure networking concepts to create a comprehensive solution. Through software, it allows IT
professionals to easily segment the enterprise network, place the right staff in those segments, and direct traffic. Unlike open, traditional
models, Enclave allows for near-limitless micro-segmented networks to operate insulated from one another. 

Further
information about Enclave is available on our website. 

Summary 

By aligning our services and solutions with the key trends and growth projections
highlighted in the Cantor 2024 Q3 Update, SideChannel is well-positioned
to capitalize on the expanding cybersecurity market. Our focus on providing cost-effective, tech-enabled services addresses the needs
of mid-market and emerging companies facing increasing cyber threats. Through our vCISO services, proprietary Enclave platform, and a
comprehensive suite of cybersecurity offerings, we aim to drive growth and deliver value to our clients in line with industry expectations. 

Company
History 

The
Company was originally incorporated in the State of Texas on June 22, 1953,
as American Mortgage Company. During 1996, the Company acquired the operations of Eden Systems, Inc. Eden ), which became
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Eden was engaged in water treatment and the retailing of cleaning products. Eden s operations
were sold on October 1, 1997. On May 16, 1996, the Company changed its name to National Scientific Corporation. From September 30, 1997,
through the year ended September 30, 2001, the company aimed its efforts in the research and development of semiconductor proprietary
technology and processes and in raising capital to fund its operations and research. Effective August 27, 2014, the Company changed its
name to Cipherloc Corporation Cipherloc after it began engaging in cybersecurity software development. The Company redomiciled
and became a Delaware corporation on September 30, 2021. A reverse merger, completed on July 1, 2022, between SCS, Inc . , f.k.a. 
SideChannel, Inc., a provider of cybersecurity services and technology to middle market companies, was acquired by Cipherloc Corporation.
The combined entity changed its name to SideChannel, Inc., on July 5, 2022, and the acquiree is now named SCS, Inc. SCS and for accounting purposes, is a subsidiary of the Company. 

7 

Research
and Development 

Since
Enclave is a proprietary software product, we classify all of our software development activities to be research and development. The
success of our software product, Enclave, depends on our ability to provide our customers with reliable, innovative features and benefits
that are delivered before, or at least no later than, our competitors. When the demands of product development exceed the capacity or
knowledge of our in-house staff, we retain temporary third-party consultants to assist us. 

Our
research and development expenditures for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, were 546 thousand and 669
thousand, respectively. These costs were incurred to develop Enclave. 

Selling
and Marketing 

We
use four primary sources to identify prospective clients for our services and products including Enclave. 

Digital Marketing 

Industry Events and Conferences 

Direct Outreach 

Referral Partners 

We
continue enhancing our digital marketing tactics and expanding our online presence. A growing list of referral partners recommend SideChannel
to their clients as the primary option to identify, assess, and mitigate cybersecurity risks. Certain referral partners receive a commission
upon a referral becoming a SideChannel client. 

During
fiscal year 2024, we began emphasizing our assessment product when it was premature for the prospective client to engage in a traditional
vCISO subscription. Certain clients acquired during 2024 entered into a recurring service or product agreement following the completion
of the assessment. We intend to enhance our assessment product to expand the adoption of this offering to prospective clients. 

As
of September 30, 2024, we had three (3) employees dedicated to selling and marketing activities. Our selling and marketing expenditures for the fiscal years ended September
30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, were 771 thousand and 1.4 million, respectively. 

Competition 

The
cybersecurity software and services market is highly competitive, subject to rapid change, and significantly affected by new product
introductions and other activities of market participants. 

Some
of our competitors have greater financial, technical, sales, marketing, and other resources than we do. Because of these and other factors,
competitive conditions in the markets we operate in are likely to continue to intensify in the future, as participants compete for market
share. Increased competition could result in price reductions for our products and services, possibly reducing our net revenue and profit
margins and resulting in a loss of our market share, any of which would likely harm our business. 

We
believe that our future results depend largely upon our ability to serve our clients and customers with the products and services described
earlier better than our competitors, and by offering new services and product enhancements, whether such product and service offerings
are developed internally or through acquisition. We also believe that we must provide product and service offerings that compete favorably
against those of our competitors with respect to ease of use, reliability, performance, range of useful features, reputation and price. 

We
anticipate that we will face increasing pricing pressures from our competitors in the future. Since there are low barriers to entry into
the cybersecurity services and software markets, we believe competition in these markets will persist and intensify in the future. 

Our
chief services competitors include companies such as Optiv, NCC, Coalfire, PwC, EY, Deloitte, and GuidePoint. Our primary software competitors
are companies such as Perimeter 81, Zscaler, Palo Alto, and Illumio. 

Intellectual
Property 

Protective
Measures 

We
believe that our intellectual property is an important and vital asset, which enables us to develop, market, and sell our products and
services and enhance our competitive position. Our intellectual property includes our proprietary business and technical know-how, inventions,
works of authorship, and confidential information. To protect our intellectual property, we rely primarily upon legal rights in trade
secrets, patents, copyrights, and trademarks, in addition to our policies and procedures, security practices, contracts, and relevant
operational measures. 

We
protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information by entering into non-disclosure agreements with our employees, contractors,
and other entities with which we do business. In addition, our license agreements related to our software and proprietary information
include confidentiality terms. These agreements are generally non-transferable. We also employ access controls and associated security
measures to protect our facilities, equipment, and networks. 

8 

Patents,
Copyrights, Trademarks, and Licenses 

Our
products, particularly our software and related documentation, are protected under domestic and international copyright laws and other
laws related to the protection of intellectual property and proprietary rights. Currently, we have six active patents registered with the U.S. Patent
and Trademark Office. We employ procedures to label copyrightable works with the appropriate proprietary rights notices, and we actively
enforce our rights in the United States and abroad. However, these measures may not provide us with adequate protection from infringement,
and our intellectual property rights may be challenged. 

Our
SideChannel Logo is registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO ). We recently applied for registration of the Enclave Logo in the USPTO and also have common law rights in the Enclave
Logo based on our prior use of the Logo in commerce. In the United States, we can
maintain our trademark rights and renew trademark registrations for as long as the trademarks are in use. 

Government
Regulation 

Export
Control Regulations . We expect that all of our products will be subject to U.S. export control laws and applicable foreign government
import, export and/or use requirements. The level of such control generally depends on the nature of the products in question. Often,
the level of export control is impacted by the nature of the software and cybersecurity incorporated into our products. In those countries
where such controls apply, the export of our products may require an export license or authorization. However, even if a transaction
qualifies for a license exception or the equivalent, it may still be subject to corresponding reporting requirements. For the export
of some of our products, we may be subject to various post-shipment reporting requirements. Minimal U.S. export restrictions apply to
all our products, whether or not they perform cybersecurity functions. If we become a Department of Defense contractor in the future,
certain registration requirements may be triggered by our sales. In addition, certain of our products and related services may be subject
to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) if our software or services are specifically designed or modified for defense
purposes. If we become engaged in manufacturing or exporting ITAR-controlled goods and services (even if we do not export such items),
we will be required to register with the U.S. State Department. 

To
date, Export Control Regulations have had no material impact on our business. 

Enhancements
to our existing products may be subject to review under the Export Administration Act to determine what export classification they will
receive. In addition, any new products that we release in the future will also be subject to such review before we can export them. The
U.S. Congress continues to discuss the correct level of export control in possible anti-terrorism legislation. Such export regulations
may be modified at any time. Modifications to these export regulations could reduce or eliminate our ability to export some or all of
our products from the United States in the future, which could put us at a disadvantage in competing with companies located outside of
the U.S. Modifications to U.S. export regulations could restrict us from exporting our existing and future products. Any such modifications
to export regulations may put us at a competitive disadvantage with respect to selling our products internationally. 

Privacy
Laws . We may be subject to various international, federal and state regulations regarding the treatment and protection of personally
identifying and other regulated information. Applicable laws may include U.S. federal laws and implementing regulations, such as the
GLBA and HIPAA, as well as state and international laws and regulations, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and the
European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Some of these laws have requirements on the transmittal of data from one jurisdiction
to another. In the event our systems are compromised, many of these privacy laws require that we provide notices to our customers whose
personally identifiable data may have been compromised. Additionally, if we transfer data in violation of these laws, we could be subjected
to substantial fines. To mitigate the risk of having such data compromised, we use cybersecurity, software and other security procedures
to protect our databases. 

9 

Personnel 

As
of September 30, 2024, we had 20 full-time employees. We also had approximately 11 independent contractors that provide services to us.
We anticipate that we will need to increase our staffing in the foreseeable future. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Our
business, financial condition and results of operations and the market price for our common stock are subject to numerous risks, many
of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You
should carefully consider the following information about these risks, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, including the information regarding Forward-Looking Statements earlier in this Form 10-K immediately prior
to Part I, Item 1 and Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
before investing in our common stock. If any of the events anticipated by the risks described below occur, our results of operations
and financial condition could be adversely affected, which could result in a decline in the market price of our common stock, causing
you to lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks that we do not yet know of, or that we currently think are immaterial, may
also affect our business and results of operations. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

The
following list provides a summary of risk factors discussed in further detail below: 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Results of Operations 

Inflation
 and related geo-political events increase the risk that we are unable to achieve and maintain profitable operations. 

We
 depend significantly upon the continued involvement of our present management and on our ability to attract and retain talented employees. 

If
 we are unable to develop new and enhanced products and services, or if we are unable to continually improve the performance, features,
 and reliability of our existing products and services, our competitive position would weaken, and our business and operating results
 could be adversely affected. 

Our
 operating results may vary significantly from period to period and have been unpredictable, which has and might continue to cause
 the market price of our common stock to be volatile. 

Our
 future revenue and operating results will depend significantly on our ability to retain clients and customers and the ability to
 add new clients and customers. Any decline in our retention rates or failure to add new clients and customers will harm our business prospects and
operating results. 

We
 face intense competition, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we may lack sufficient financial or other
 resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. 

A
 network or data security incident may allow unauthorized access to our or our end users network or data, harm our reputation,
 create additional liability and adversely impact our financial results. 

Our services, products, systems, and website and the data on these sources may be subject to intentional disruption
that could materially harm our reputation and future sales. 

Our products are complex and operate in a wide variety of environments, systems and configurations, which could result
in failures of our products to function as designed and negatively impact our brand recognition and reputation. 

If
 our products and services do not work properly, our business, financial condition and financial results could be negatively affected,
 and we could experience negative publicity declining sales, and legal liability. 

Outages
 or problems with systems and infrastructure supplied by third-parties could negatively affect our business, financial condition and
 financial results. 

Current
 global financial conditions have been characterized by increased volatility, which could negatively impact our business, prospects,
 liquidity and financial condition. 

If
 we experience delays and/or defaults in payments, we could be unable to recover all expenditures. 

If we do not effectively manage our growth, our business resources and systems may become strained, and we may be
unable to increase revenue growth. 

Our growth depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third-parties. 

Claims, litigation, government investigations, and other proceedings may adversely affect our business and results
of operations. 

The ability of our executive officers and directors to control our business may limit or eliminate other stockholders 
ability to influence corporate affairs. 

10 

Risks
Related to Our Industry 

We
 face intense competition. 

Delays
 in product development schedules may adversely affect our revenues. 

If we do not accurately predict, prepare for, and respond
 promptly to rapidly evolving technological and market developments
 and successfully manage product introductions and transitions to meet changing needs in the cybersecurity technology market, our
 competitive position, financial results, and prospects will be harmed. 

Actual,
 possible, or perceived defects or vulnerabilities in our products or services, the failure of our products or services to detect
 or prevent a security breach, or the misuse of our products could harm our reputation and divert resources. 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

Our
 proprietary rights may be difficult to enforce, which could enable others to copy or use aspects of our products without compensating
 us. 

Claims
 by others that we infringe their proprietary technology or other litigation matters could harm our business. 

We
 rely on the availability of third-party licenses, and our inability to maintain those licenses could harm our business. 

Our
 use of open-source software in our products could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subject us to possible
 litigation. 

Risks
Related to Cyberattacks 

Security
 of our information technology may be threatened. 

Security
 of our products, services, devices, and customers data may be breached. 

Development
 and deployment of defensive measures are ongoing. 

Disclosure
 and misuse of personal data could result in liability and harm our reputation. 

If
 our end users experience data losses, our brand, reputation and business could be harmed. 

Risks
Related to Regulations and Our Compliance with Such Regulations 

We previously identified material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting. If not remediated, our failure to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal
control over financial reporting could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and a failure to meet our reporting
and financial obligations, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price of our
common stock. 

We
 are subject to changing laws and regulations. 

Our failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable
 to our business could subject us to fines and penalties and could also cause us to lose potential customers, clients,
 licensees, resellers and/or for licensees and resellers to lose potential customers in the public sector or negatively impact our
 ability to contract with the public sector. 

Governmental restrictions on the sale of our products and
 services in non-U.S. markets could negatively affect our
 business, financial condition, and financial results. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need
for Capital 

We have incurred net losses
 and may never achieve profitability. 

Our ability to continue
 as a going concern may depend upon our ability to raise additional capital and such capital may not be available on acceptable terms,
 or at all. 

If we can raise additional
 funding, we may be required to do so on terms that are dilutive to our stockholders. 

We will continue to incur
 increased costs as a result of being a reporting company and, given our limited capital resources, such additional costs may have
 an adverse impact on our profitability. 

We may apply working capital
 and future funding to uses that ultimately do not improve our operating results or increase the market price of our securities. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

The market price for our
 common stock has been volatile, and you may not be able to sell our stock at a favorable price, or at all. 

Substantial sales of our
 common stock, or the perception that such sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock. 

Holders of our common stock
 have a risk of potential dilution if we issue additional shares of common stock in the future. 

The anti-dilutive rights
 of certain warrants could result in significant dilution to our existing stockholders and/or require us to issue a substantially
 greater number of shares, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Certain warrants issued
 in 2021 inhibit our access to equity capital, if we should need it, which may limit our ability to grow and maintain our competitiveness. 

The purchase agreement related
 to our 2021 private placement includes covenants that we must comply with, or we may suffer potential monetary and other penalties. 

Our common shares are thinly
 traded, and in the future may continue to be thinly traded, and you may be unable to sell your shares at or near ask prices or at
 all, if you need to sell your shares to raise money or otherwise desire to liquidate such shares. 

A significant number of
 our shares have been registered for resale, and their sale or potential sale may depress the market price of our common stock. 

Future sales and issuances
 of our securities could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our share price
 to fall. 

Our common stock is subject
 to restrictions on sales by broker-dealers and penny stock rules, which may be detrimental to investors. 

Because our common stock
 is quoted on the OTCQB instead of a national exchange, our investors may have difficulty selling their stock or may experience negative
 volatility on the market price of our common stock. 

Our charter allows us to
 issue blank check preferred stock and establish its terms, conditions, rights, powers and preferences without stockholder
 approval. 

We have never paid or declared
 any dividends on our common stock. 

If securities or industry
 analysts do not initiate research coverage on us and, if initiated, fail to publish research or reports, or publish unfavorable research
 or reports, about our business, our stock price and trading volume may decline. 

The sale of shares of our
 common stock by our directors and officers may adversely affect the market price for our common stock. 

11 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Results of Operations 

Inflation and related geo-political events increase
the risk that we are unable to achieve and maintain profitable operations. 

Our
business may be affected by general economic, political, and market conditions, including any resulting negative impact on spending by
our clients and customers. Some of our clients may view our services as a discretionary purchase and may in the future reduce their
spending on our services during an economic downturn, especially in the event of a prolonged recessionary period. Concerns about inflation,
rising interest rates, unemployment trends, geopolitical issues, including wars and other armed conflicts, global health epidemics and
other highly communicable diseases, bank insolvency and related uncertainty and volatility in the financial services industry, or a widespread
economic slowdown or recession (in the United States or internationally) have led to, and could continue to lead to, increased market
volatility and economic uncertainty, which could cause current and prospective customers and clients to delay, decrease, or cancel purchases
of our services, or delay or default on their payment obligations. As a result, our business, results of operations, and financial condition
may be significantly affected by changes in the economy generally. 

We
depend significantly upon the continued involvement of our present management and on our ability to attract and retain talented employees. 

Our
success depends significantly upon our present management, most notable our Chief Executive Officer, Brian Haugli, and our Chief Financial
Officer, Ryan Polk, who are involved in the development of our products as well as in our strategic planning and operations. All of our
officers and key personnel are at-will employees. In addition, many of our key technologies and systems are custom-made for our business
by our key personnel. The loss of key personnel, including key members of our management team, as well as certain of our key marketing,
sales, product development, or technology personnel, could disrupt our operations and have an adverse effect on our ability to grow our
business. Additionally, we will need to adapt and respond to frequently changing circumstances that may impact our workforce, such as
natural disasters or pandemics, or our ability to maintain an effective workforce may be impacted. 

To
execute our business plan, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for these employees is intense, and we may
not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. We have experienced, and we may continue to experience, difficulty
in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. 

If
we are less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we are unable to retain key existing employees, our ability to develop and deliver
successful products and services will be adversely affected. Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success.
Our failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning
and execution. 

If we are unable to develop new and enhanced
products and services, or if we are unable to continually improve the performance, features, and reliability of our existing products
and services, our competitive position would weaken, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

Our future success depends on our ability to effectively
respond to evolving threats to consumers and potential customers, as well as competitive technological developments and industry changes,
by developing or introducing new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis. In the past, Cipherloc incurred significant research
and development expenses. As a result of the Business Combination, we expect to continue to incur research and development expenses as
we strive to remain competitive and as we focus on organic growth through internal innovation. If we are unable to anticipate or react
to competitive challenges or if existing or new competitors gain market share in any of our markets, our competitive position would weaken,
and we could experience a decline in our revenues and net income, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. Additionally,
we must continually address the challenges of dynamic and accelerating market trends, increasingly sophisticated cyber-attacks and intrusions
and competitive developments. Customers may require features and capabilities that our current products do not have. Our failure to develop
new products and improve our existing products to satisfy customer preferences and needs and effectively compete with other market offerings
in a timely and cost-effective manner will harm our ability to retain our customers (if any) and the ability of our licensees or resellers
to retain their customers, and to create or increase demand for our products, which may adversely impact our operating results. The development
and introduction of our new or enhanced products will involve a significant commitment of time and resources and will be subject to a
number of risks and challenges, including but not limited to: 

Lengthy development cycles; 

Evolving industry and regulatory standards and technological developments by our competitors and customers (if any) and the customers of our licensees and resellers; 

Rapidly changing customer preferences and needs; 

Evolving platforms, operating systems, and hardware products, such as mobile devices, and related product and service interoperability challenges; 

Entering new or unproven markets; and 

Executing new product and service strategies. 

If we are not successful in managing these risks and
challenges, or if our new or improved products and services are not technologically competitive in the market, or do not achieve market
acceptance, our business and operating results would be adversely affected, our market share would decline, and our margins would contract. 

12 

Our
operating results may vary significantly from period to period and have been unpredictable, which has and might continue to cause the
market price of our common stock to be volatile. 

Our
operating results, in particular, our revenues, gross margins, operating margins, and operating expenses, have historically varied significantly
from period to period, and we expect such variation to continue as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our
control and may be difficult to predict, including: 

our
 ability to attract and retain customers (if any) and/or the ability of our licensees and resellers to retain customers or sell products
 and services; 

the
 budgeting cycles, seasonal buying patterns, and purchasing practices of potential customers and customers of our licensees and resellers; 

price
 competition; 

the
 timing and success of our new product and service introductions by us or our competitors or any other change in the competitive landscape
 of our industry, including consolidation among our competitors, licensees, resellers, clients, or customers, and strategic relationships
 entered into by and between our competitors; 

changes
 in the mix of our services, products, and support; 

changes
 in the growth rate of the cybersecurity technology market; 

the
 timing and costs related to the development or acquisition of technologies or businesses or strategic partnerships; 

lack
 of synergy, or the inability to realize expected synergies, resulting from any acquisitions or strategic partnerships; 

our
 inability to execute, complete or integrate efficiently any acquisitions that we have or may hereafter undertake; 

increased
 expenses, unforeseen liabilities, or write-downs and any impact on our operating results from any acquisitions we may consummate; 

our
 ability to create sizeable and productive distribution channels for our proprietary software; 

decisions
 by potential customers, or the customers of our licensees and resellers, to purchase cybersecurity solutions from larger, more established
 cybersecurity software and service vendors, or from their sales channel partners; 

timing
 of revenue recognition from the delivery of existing and future statements of work; 

Insolvency
 or credit difficulties confronting customers (if any), our licensees and resellers, or the customers of our licensees and resellers,
 which could adversely affect their ability to purchase or pay for our products and services and offerings; 

the
 cost and potential outcomes of any litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business; 

seasonality
 or cyclical fluctuations in our markets due to holiday schedules, industry events, or customer funding policies that may impact our
 ability to secure new clients or deliver services to existing clients; 

future
 accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies; and 

general
 macroeconomic conditions including interest rates, inflation and increasing labor costs, in some or all regions in which we operate. 

Any
one of the factors above, or the cumulative effect of some of the factors referred to above, may result in significant fluctuations in
our operating results including our revenue and net income. This variability and unpredictability could result in our failure to meet
our revenue, margin, or other operating result expectations, or those of securities analysts or investors for a particular period. If
we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other reasons, the market price of our common stock could decline substantially,
and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. 

Our
future revenue and operating results will depend significantly on our ability to retain clients and customers and the ability to add
new clients and customers. Any decline in our retention rates or failure to add new clients and customers will harm our business prospects
and operating results. 

We
anticipate that our future revenue and operating results will depend significantly on our ability to retain clients and customers and
our ability add new clients and customers. In addition, we may not be able to predict or anticipate accurately future trends in retention
or effectively respond to such trends. Our retention rates may decline or fluctuate due to a variety of factors, including the following: 

our
 clients and customers levels of satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our products and services; 

the
 quality, breadth, and prices of our products and services; 

our
 general reputation and events impacting that reputation; 

the
 products and services and related pricing offered by our competitors; 

disruption
 by new services or changes in law or regulations that impact the need for or efficacy of our products and services; 

our
 customer service activities and responsiveness to any customer issues; 

customer
 dissatisfaction if they do not receive the full benefit of our services due to their failure to provide all relevant data; 

13 

customer
 dissatisfaction with the methods or sufficiency of our remediation services; and 

changes
 in target customers planned spending levels as a result of general economic conditions or other factors such as inflation. 

If
we do not retain our existing clients and customers, or add new clients and customers, we may not generate revenue and/or our revenue
may grow more slowly than expected, or decline, and our operating results and gross margins will be negatively impacted. In addition,
our business and operating results may be harmed if we are unable to increase our retention rates or if they decline. 

We
also must continually add new clients and customers, both to replace those who cancel or elect not to renew their agreements with us
and to grow our business beyond our current level. If we are unable to attract new clients and customers in numbers greater than the
number that cancel or elect not to renew their agreements with us, our client base will decrease, and our business, operating
results, and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

We face intense
competition, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain
or improve our competitive position. 

The market for cybersecurity
technologies is intensely competitive, and we expect competition to increase in the future from established competitors and new market
entrants. Our main competitors fall into three categories: 

large companies that incorporate
 security or encryption features in their services and products, such as Google s Cloud Platform, Amazon s AWS services,
 and Microsoft s Azure, or those that have acquired, or may acquire, cybersecurity services, products, or technologies and have
 the technical and financial resources to bring competitive solutions to the market; 

independent security vendors,
 such as Optiv and Coalfire, that offer cybersecurity products; and 

small and large companies
 that offer cybersecurity services and technologies that compete with our services and products. 

Our current and proposed
products and services face, and will continue to face, intense competition from larger and smaller companies, as well as from academic
and research institutions. We compete in an industry that is characterized by: (i) rapid technological change, (ii) evolving industry
standards, (iii) emerging competition, and (iv) new service and product introductions. Our competitors have existing products and technologies
that will compete with our products and technologies and may develop and commercialize additional products and technologies that will
compete with our products and technologies. Some of these new products and services may have functionality that ours do not have. Because
many competing companies and institutions have greater financial resources than us, they may be able to: (i) provide broader services
and product lines, and (ii) fully develop and deploy new products faster than we can with their larger and broader resources. Our competitors
also generally have greater development capabilities than we do and have greater experience in undertaking testing of products, obtaining
regulatory approvals, and manufacturing and marketing their products. They may also have greater name recognition and better access to
customers, clients, licensees, and resellers than we do. Our chief services competitors include companies such as Optiv, NCC, Coalfire,
PwC, EY, Deloitte, and GuidePoint. Our primary product competitors for Enclave are companies such as Perimeter 81, Zscaler, Palo Alto,
and Illumio. 

Many of our existing
competitors have, and some of our potential competitors may have, substantial competitive advantages such as: 

greater name recognition
 and longer operating histories; 

larger sales and marketing
 budgets and resources; 

broader distribution and
 established relationships with distributors and customers (if any), or the customers of our licensees and resellers; 

greater customer support
 resources; 

greater resources to make
 strategic acquisitions or enter strategic partnerships; and 

greater financial, technical,
 and other resources. 

In addition, some of
our larger competitors have substantially broader and more diverse product and service offerings, which may make them less susceptible
to downturns in a particular market and allow them to leverage their relationships based on other services and products or incorporate
functionality into existing services and products to gain business in a manner that discourages users from purchasing our services, products
and subscriptions, including through selling at zero or negative margins, offering concessions, product bundling, or closed technology
platforms. Many of our smaller competitors that specialize in providing protection from a single type of security threat are often able
to deliver these specialized cybersecurity or security products to the market more quickly than we can. 

Organizations that use
legacy products and services may believe that these products and services are sufficient to meet their security needs, or that our platform
only serves the needs of a portion of the cybersecurity technology market. Accordingly, many organizations have invested substantial
personnel and financial resources to design and operate their networks and have established deep relationships with other providers of
cybersecurity services and products. As a result, these organizations may prefer to purchase from their existing suppliers rather than
add or switch to a new supplier such as us, regardless of product performance, features, or greater services offerings, or may be more
willing to incrementally add solutions to their cybersecurity infrastructure from existing suppliers than to replace it wholesale with
our solutions. 

Conditions in our market
could change rapidly and significantly because of technological advancements, partnering or acquisitions by our competitors, or continuing
market consolidation. New start-up companies that innovate and large competitors that are making significant investments in research
and development may invent similar or superior services, products, and technologies that compete with our services and products. Some
of our competitors have made or could make acquisitions of businesses that may allow them to offer more directly competitive and comprehensive
solutions than they had previously offered and adapt more quickly to innovative technologies and changing needs. Our current and potential
competitors may also establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third-parties that may further enhance their resources
and reduce their expenses. These competitive pressures in our market or our failure to compete effectively may result in price reductions,
fewer orders, reduced revenue and gross margins, and loss of market share. Any failure to meet and address these factors could materially
harm our business and operating results. 

A
network or data security incident may allow unauthorized access to our or our end users network or data, harm our reputation,
create additional liability and adversely impact our financial results. 

Increasingly,
companies are subject to a wide variety of attacks on their networks on an ongoing basis. In addition to traditional computer hackers 
malicious code (such as viruses and worms), phishing attempts, employee theft or misuse, and denial of service attacks, sophisticated
nation-state and nation-state supported actors engage in intrusions and attacks (including advanced persistent threat intrusions) and
add to the risks to internal networks, cloud deployed enterprise and customer-facing environments and the information they store and
process. Despite significant efforts to create security barriers to such threats, it is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate
these risks. We, and our third-party software and service providers, may face security threats and attacks from a variety of sources.
Our data, corporate systems, third-party systems and security measures and/or those of our licensees, resellers, clients, customers,
software providers, independent contractors, employees, end users may be breached due to the actions of outside parties, employee error,
malfeasance, a combination of these, or otherwise, and, as a result, an unauthorized party may obtain access to our or our customers 
data. Furthermore, as a provider of cybersecurity technologies, we may be a more attractive target for such attacks. A breach in our
data security or an attack against our service availability, or that of our third-party service providers, could impact our networks
or networks secured by our services, products and subscriptions, creating system disruptions or slowdowns and exploiting security vulnerabilities
of our services, products, and the information stored on our networks or those of our third-party service providers could be accessed,
publicly disclosed, altered, lost, or stolen, which could subject us to liability and cause us financial harm. Any actual or perceived
breach of network security in our systems or networks, or any other actual or perceived data security incident we or our third-party
service providers suffer, could result in damage to our reputation, negative publicity, loss of channel partners, licensees, resellers,
clients, customers, and sales, loss of competitive advantages over our competitors, increased costs to remedy any problems and otherwise
respond to any incident, regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, costly litigation, and other liability. In addition, we may
incur significant costs and operational consequences of investigating, remediating, eliminating, and putting in place additional tools
and devices designed to prevent actual or perceived security incidents, as well as the costs to comply with any notification obligations
resulting from any security incidents. Any of these negative outcomes could adversely impact the market perception of our services, products
and customer and investor confidence in our company and, moreover, could seriously harm our business or operating results. 

It
is essential to our business strategy that our technology and network infrastructure remain secure and are perceived by any clients and
customers we have, and others, to be secure. Despite security measures, however, any network infrastructure may be vulnerable to cyber-attacks
by hackers and other security threats. We may face cyber-attacks that attempt to penetrate our network security, sabotage or otherwise
disable our research, products and services, misappropriate our proprietary information, or that of our licensees and resellers, or their
or our customers and partners, which may include personally identifiable information, or cause interruptions of our internal systems
and services. Any cyber-attacks could negatively affect our reputation, damage our network infrastructure and our ability to deploy our
products and services, harm our business relationships, and expose us to financial liability. 

14 

Our
services, products, systems, and website and the data on these sources may be subject to intentional disruption that could materially
harm our reputation and future sales. 

Despite
our precautions and ongoing investments to protect against security risks, data protection breaches, cyber-attacks, and other intentional
disruptions of our products and services, we expect to be an ongoing target of attacks specifically designed to impede the performance
and availability of our offerings and harm our reputation as a company. Similarly, experienced computer programmers or other sophisticated
individuals or entities, including malicious hackers, state-sponsored organizations, and insider threats including actions by employees
and third-party service providers, may attempt to penetrate our network security or the security of our systems and websites and misappropriate
proprietary information or cause interruptions of our services. This risk has increased as more individuals are working from home and
utilize home networks for the transmission of sensitive information. Such attempts are increasing in number and in technical sophistication,
and if successful could expose us and the affected parties to risk of loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information or disruptions
of our business operations. While we engage in a number of measures aimed to protect against security breaches and to minimize problems
if a data breach were to occur, our information technology systems and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, compromise, disruption,
and shutdown due to attacks or breaches by hackers or due to other circumstances, such as error or malfeasance by employees or third-party
service providers or technology malfunction. The occurrence of any of these events, as well as a failure to promptly remedy these events
should they occur, could compromise our systems, and the information stored in our systems could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost,
stolen, or damaged. Any such circumstance could adversely affect our ability to attract and maintain licensees and resellers, and/or
for us or our licensees and resellers to retain customers, as well as strategic partners, cause us to suffer negative publicity, and
subject us to legal claims and liabilities or regulatory penalties. In addition, unauthorized parties might alter information in our
databases, which would adversely affect both the reliability of that information and our ability to market and perform our services.
Techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently, are constantly evolving and generally are difficult
to recognize and react to effectively. We may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventive or reactive
measures. Several recent, highly publicized data security breaches at other companies have heightened consumer awareness of this issue
and may embolden individuals or groups to target our systems or those of our licensees, resellers, or strategic partners, or our or their
customers. 

Our
products are complex and operate in a wide variety of environments, systems and configurations, which could result in failures of our
products to function as designed and negatively impact our brand recognition and reputation. 

Because
we offer very complex products, errors, defects, disruptions, or other performance problems with our products may and have occurred.
For example, we may experience disruptions, outages, and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure
changes, human or software errors, capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of users accessing our websites simultaneously,
fraud, or security attacks. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within
an acceptable period of time. Interruptions in our products could impact our revenues or cause licensees, resellers, clients, and customers
to cease doing business with us. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage
from business continuity events that could have a significant disruptive effect on our operations. We could potentially lose end user/customer
data or experience material adverse interruptions to our operations or delivery of products and services to our clients in a disaster
recovery scenario. Further, our business would be harmed if any of these types of events caused our licensees, resellers, or customers,
or our licensees and resellers customers or potential customers, to believe that our products are unreliable. We believe
that our brand recognition and reputation are critical to retaining existing licensees, resellers, clients and customers, and attracting
new licensees, resellers, clients, and customers. Furthermore, negative publicity, whether or not justified, relating to events or activities
attributed to us, our employees, our strategic partners, our affiliates, or others associated with any of these parties, may tarnish
our reputation and reduce the value of our brands. Damage to our reputation may reduce demand for our products and have an adverse effect
on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Moreover, any attempts to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of
our brands after such an event may be costly and time-consuming, and such efforts may not ultimately be successful. 

15 

If
our products and services do not work properly, our business, financial condition and financial results could be negatively affected,
and we could experience negative publicity, declining sales, and legal liability. 

We
produce complex products that incorporate leading-edge technology that must operate in a wide variety of technology environments. Software
may contain defects or bugs that can interfere with expected operations in these varying technological environments. There
can be no assurance that our testing programs will be adequate to detect all defects prior to the product being introduced, which might
decrease customer satisfaction with our products and services. The product reengineering cost to remedy a product defect could be material
to our operating results. Our inability to cure a product defect could result in the temporary or permanent withdrawal of a product or
service, negative publicity, damage to our reputation, failure to achieve market acceptance, lost revenue and increased expense, any
of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and financial results. 

Outages
or problems with systems and infrastructure supplied by third-parties could negatively affect our business, financial condition and financial
results. 

Our
business relies on third-party suppliers of the telecommunications infrastructure. We, our clients and customers and our licensees and
resellers, and their customers, will use various communications service suppliers and the global internet to provide network access between
our data centers and our customers and end-users of our services. If those suppliers do not enable us to provide our clients and customers,
or our licensees and resellers customers with reliable, real-time access to our systems (to the extent required), we may
be unable to gain or retain clients, customers, licensees and resellers. These suppliers periodically experience outages or other operational
problems as a result of internal system failures or external third-party actions. Supplier outages or other problems could materially
adversely affect our business, financial results and financial condition. 

Current
global financial conditions have been characterized by increased volatility, which could negatively impact our business, prospects, liquidity
and financial condition. 

Current
global financial conditions and recent market events have been characterized by increased volatility, and the resulting tightening of
the credit and capital markets has reduced the amount of available liquidity and overall economic activity. We cannot guarantee that
debt or equity financing, or the ability to generate cash from operations, will be available or sufficient to meet or satisfy our initiatives,
objectives or requirements. Our inability to access sufficient amounts of capital on terms acceptable to us for our operations will negatively
impact our business, prospects, liquidity and financial condition. 

If
we experience delays and/or defaults in payments, we could be unable to recover all expenditures. 

Because
of the nature of our contracts, at times we will commit resources to projects prior to receiving payments from the counterparty in amounts
sufficient to cover our expenditures on projects as they are incurred. Delays in payments may require us to make a working capital investment.
Defaults by any of our clients, customers, licensees, and resellers could have a significant adverse effect on our revenues, profitability
and cash flow. Our clients, customers, licensees, and resellers may in the future default on their obligations to us or them due to bankruptcy,
lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons deriving from the current general economic environment. If a client, customer,
or licensee defaults on its obligations to us or our licensee, or a licensee or reseller defaults in its payments to us, it could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

If we do not effectively
manage our growth, our business resources and systems may become strained, and we may be unable to increase revenue growth. 

We plan to grow aggressively
and, if successful, our future growth may provide challenges to our organization, requiring us to expand our personnel and our operations.
Future growth may strain our infrastructure, operations and other managerial and operating resources. If our business resources become
strained, our earnings may be adversely affected, and we may be unable to increase revenue growth. Further, we may undertake contractual
commitments that exceed our labor resources, which could also adversely affect our earnings and our ability to increase revenue growth. 

Our growth depends
in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third-parties. 

In order to grow our
business, we anticipate that we will need to continue to depend on our relationships with third-parties, including our technology providers.
Identifying such third-parties, and negotiating and documenting relationships with them, requires significant time and resources. Our
competitors may be effective in providing incentives to third-parties to favor their products or services over utilization of our products
and services. In addition, acquisitions of our business partners by our competitors could result in a decrease in the number of our current
and potential clients, customers, licensees, resellers, and end users. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships
with third-parties, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenue could be impaired and our results of operations
may suffer. Even if we are successful, we cannot assure you that these relationships will result in increased use of our products or
increased revenue. 

Claims,
litigation, government investigations, and other proceedings may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

As
a company offering a wide range of products and services, we are regularly subject to actual and threatened claims, litigation, reviews,
investigations, and other proceedings, including proceedings relating to goods and services offered by us and by third-parties, and other
matters. Any of these types of proceedings, including currently pending proceedings as discussed herein, may have an adverse effect on
us because of legal costs, disruption of our operations, diversion of management resources, negative publicity, and other factors. The
outcomes of these matters are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. Determining legal reserves and possible
losses from such matters involves judgment and may not reflect the full range of uncertainties and unpredictable outcomes. Until the
final resolution of such matters, we may be exposed to losses in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could be material. Should
any of our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material effect on our business, consolidated
financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In addition, it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings,
including as a result of a settlement, could require us to make substantial future payments, prevent us from offering certain products
or services, require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business, requiring development of non-infringing
or otherwise altered products or technologies, damaging our reputation, or otherwise having a material adverse effect on our operations. 

The ability of
our executive officers and directors to control our business may limit or eliminate other stockholders ability to influence corporate
affairs. 

As of September 30,
2024, our executive officers and directors owned approximately 46.0 of the Company s total issued and outstanding shares. Because
of this voting control through share ownership by the executive officers and directors, these individuals, acting as a group, have significant
influence over corporate actions requiring a shareholder vote, including the selection of our directors, who in turn approve all executive
officers, authorizing change-in-control transactions, amendments to our Articles of Incorporation, and other significant corporate matters.
The interests of our executive officers and directors may differ from the interests of other stockholders with respect to the issuance
of shares, business transactions with or sales to other companies, selection of future officers and directors and other business decisions.
The minority stockholders will have no way of overriding the decisions made by our executive officers and directors acting as a group. 

Risks
Related to Our Industry 

We
face intense competition. 

We
expect to experience intense competition across all markets for our products and services. Our competitors that are focused on narrower
product lines may be more effective in devoting technical, marketing, and financial resources to compete with us. In addition, barriers
to entry in our businesses generally are low, and products and services, once developed, can be distributed broadly and quickly at a
relatively low cost. Open-source software vendors are devoting considerable efforts to developing software that mimics the features and
functionality of our current and anticipated products. These competitive pressures may result in decreased sales volumes, price reductions,
and/or increased operating costs, such as for marketing and sales incentives, resulting in lower revenue, gross margins, and operating
income. 

16 

Delays
in product development schedules may adversely affect our revenues. 

The
development of cybersecurity products and services is a complex and time-consuming process. New products and services can require long
development and testing periods. Future revenues may include the sale of new products and services that may not yet be developed. Significant
delays in product development, including quality assurance testing or significant problems in creating new products and services, could
adversely affect our revenue recognition from new products and services. Revenue in certain reporting periods could be lower than anticipated
because product development problems could cause the loss of a competitive sale transaction, a delay in invoicing a client, customer,
licensee, or reseller or the renegotiation of terms to retain a sale transaction. 

If
we do not accurately predict, prepare for, and respond promptly to rapidly evolving technological and market developments and successfully
manage product introductions and transitions to meet changing needs in the cybersecurity technology market, our competitive position,
financial results, and prospects will be harmed. 

The
cybersecurity technologies market has grown quickly and is expected to continue to evolve rapidly. Moreover, many of our potential licensees
and resellers and their customers operate in markets characterized by rapidly changing technologies and business plans, which require
them to add numerous network access points and adapt increasingly complex enterprise networks, incorporating a variety of hardware, software
applications, operating systems, and networking protocols. If we fail to accurately predict potential changing needs and emerging technological
trends in the cybersecurity technology industry, including in the areas of mobility, virtualization, and cloud computing, our business
could be harmed. If we experience unanticipated delays in the availability of new services, products, platform features, and subscriptions,
or fail to meet expectations for such availability, our competitive position, financial results, and business prospects will be harmed. 

Additionally,
we must commit significant resources to developing new products and services before knowing whether our investments will result in services,
products, subscriptions, and features that the market will accept. The success of new platform features depends on several factors, including
appropriate new product definition, differentiation of new services, products, subscriptions, and platform features from those of our
competitors, and market acceptance of these products, services and platform features. Moreover, successful new product introduction and
transition depends on a number of factors including, our ability to manage the risks associated with new product production ramp-up issues,
the availability of application software for new products, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects or deficiencies,
especially in the early stages of introduction. We cannot assure you that we will successfully identify opportunities for new products
and services, develop and bring new products and subscriptions to market in a timely manner, or achieve market acceptance of our products
and subscriptions, or that products, subscriptions, and technologies developed by others will not render our products, subscriptions,
or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. 

17 

Actual,
possible, or perceived defects or vulnerabilities in our products or services, the failure of our products or services to detect or prevent
a security breach, or the misuse of our products could harm our reputation and divert resources. 

Because
our products and services are complex, they may contain defects or errors that are not detected until after their commercial release
and deployment. Defects or vulnerabilities may impede or block network traffic, cause our products or services to be vulnerable to electronic
break-ins or cause them to fail to help secure networks. We are also susceptible to errors, defects, vulnerabilities, or attacks that
may arise at, or be inserted into our products, which are out of our control. Different users deploy and use cybersecurity products in
different ways, and certain deployments and usages may subject our products to adverse conditions that may negatively impact the effectiveness
and useful lifetime of our products. Our networks and products, including any cloud-based technology we utilize, could be targeted by
attacks specifically designed to disrupt our business and harm our reputation. Our products may not prevent all security threats. Because
the techniques used by computer hackers to access or sabotage networks change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched
against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques. An actual, possible, or perceived security breach or infection of
the network of one of the users of our products, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to the failure of our products or services
to prevent the security breach, could adversely affect the market s perception of our security products and services and, in some
instances, subject us to potential liability that is not contractually limited. We may not be able to correct any security flaws or vulnerabilities
promptly, or at all. Our products may also be misused by potential end users or third-parties who obtain access to our products. For
example, our products could be used to censor private access to certain information on the internet. Such use of our products for censorship
could result in negative press coverage and negatively affect our reputation, even if we take reasonable measures to prevent any improper
shipment of our products or if our products are being used improperly or provided by an unauthorized third-party. 

Any
actual, possible, or perceived defects, errors or vulnerabilities in our products and services, or misuse of our products and services,
could result in: 

the
 expenditure of significant financial and development resources in efforts to analyze, correct, eliminate or work around errors or
 defects or to address and eliminate vulnerabilities; 

the
 loss of potential clients, customers, licensees, resellers, or distribution partners; 

delayed
 or lost revenue; 

delay
 or failure to attain market acceptance; 

negative
 publicity and harm to our reputation; and 

litigation,
 regulatory inquiries, or investigations that may be costly and harm our reputation and, in some instances, subject us to potential
 liability that is not contractually limited. 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

Our
proprietary rights may be difficult to enforce, which could enable others to copy or use aspects of our products without compensating
us. 

We
rely primarily on patent, trademark, copyright and trade secrets laws and confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect
our technology. The claims eventually allowed on any patents issued in the future may not be sufficiently broad to protect our technology
or products. Any issued patents may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, and any rights granted under these patents may not actually
provide adequate offensive scope, defensive protection or competitive advantages to us. Patent applications in the United States are
typically not published until at least eighteen (18) months after filing, or, in some cases, not at all, and publications of discoveries
in industry-related literature lag behind actual discoveries. We cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions claimed
in our pending patent applications, or that we were the first to file for patent protection. Additionally, the process of obtaining patent
protection is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable
cost or in a timely manner. In addition, recent changes to the patent laws in the United States, including but not limited to adversary
proceedings, first to file, and post-grant review provisions, may bring into question the validity
of certain software patents and may make it more difficult and costly to prosecute patent applications. As a result, we may not be able
to obtain adequate patent protection or effectively enforce our issued patents. 

18 

Despite
our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or obtain and use information
that we regard as proprietary. We generally enter into confidentiality or non-solicitation agreements with our employees, consultants,
and vendors, as the case may be, and generally limit access to and distribution of our proprietary information. However, we cannot guarantee
that the steps taken by us will prevent misappropriation of our technology. Policing unauthorized use of our technology or products is
difficult. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent as the laws of
the United States, and many foreign countries do not enforce these laws as diligently as government agencies and private parties in the
United States. From time to time, legal action by us may be necessary to enforce our patents and other intellectual property rights,
to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others or to defend against claims of
infringement or invalidity. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could negatively affect
our business, operating results and financial condition. If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights (including aspects of our
software and products protected other than by patent rights), we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need
not incur the additional expense, time and effort required to create the innovative products that would compete with our products. 

Claims
by others that we infringe their proprietary technology or other litigation matters could harm our business. 

Patent
and other intellectual property disputes are common in the cybersecurity and technology industries. Third-parties may in the future assert
claims of infringement of intellectual property rights against us. They may also assert such claims against our licensees, resellers,
end users or distribution partners whom we may have to indemnify against claims that our products infringe the intellectual property
rights of third-parties. As the number of products and competitors in our market increases and overlaps in service and functionality
occur, infringement claims may increase. Any claim of infringement by a third-party, even those without merit, could cause us to incur
substantial costs defending against the claim and could distract our management from our business. In addition, litigation may involve
patent holding companies, non-practicing entities, or other adverse patent owners who have no relevant product revenue and against whom
our own patents may therefore provide little or no deterrence to such plaintiffs we will counter-claim for infringement and invalidation
of their patent(s). 

Although
third-parties may offer a license to their technology, the terms of any offered license may not be acceptable, and the failure to obtain
a license or the costs associated with any license could cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to be materially
and adversely affected. In addition, some licenses may be non-exclusive and, therefore, our competitors may have access to the same technology
licensed to us. Alternatively, we may be required to develop non-infringing technology, which could require significant time, effort,
and expense, and may ultimately not be successful. Furthermore, a successful claimant could secure a judgment, or we may agree to a settlement
that prevents us from distributing certain products or performing certain services or that requires us to pay substantial damages (including
treble damages if we are found to have willfully infringed such claimant s patents), royalties or other fees. Any of these events
could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

19 

We
may be subject to lawsuits claiming patent infringement. We may also be subject to other litigation in addition to patent infringement
claims, such as employment-related litigation and disputes, as well as general commercial litigation, and could become subject to other
forms of litigation and disputes, including stockholder litigation. If we are unsuccessful in defending any such claims, our operating
results and financial condition and results may be materially and adversely affected. For example, we may be required to pay substantial
damages and could be prevented from selling certain of our products. Litigation, with or without merit, could negatively impact our business,
reputation and sales in a material adverse fashion. 

We
rely on the availability of third-party licenses, and our inability to maintain those licenses could harm our business. 

Many
of our products or products under development include software or other intellectual property licensed from third-parties. It may be
necessary in the future to renew licenses relating to various aspects of these products or to seek new licenses for existing or new products.
Licensors may claim we owe them additional license fees for past and future use of their software and other intellectual property or
that we cannot utilize such software or intellectual property in our products going forward. There can be no assurance that the necessary
licenses would be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 

The
inability to obtain certain licenses or other rights or to obtain such licenses or rights on favorable terms or for reasonable pricing,
or the need to engage in litigation regarding these matters, could result in delays in product releases until equivalent technology can
be identified, licensed or developed, if at all, and integrated into our products. Further such events may result in significant license
fees and have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Moreover, the inclusion in our products
or software or other intellectual property licensed from third-parties on a non-exclusive basis or the inclusion in our products of opensource
software may limit our ability to differentiate our products from those of our competitors. Not differentiating our products from those
of our competitors may adversely affect our results of operations, including reducing our revenue and net income. 

We
also rely on technologies licensed from third-parties in order to operate functions of our business. If any of these third-parties allege
that we have not properly paid for such licenses or that we have improperly used the technologies under such licenses, we may need to
pay additional fees or obtain new licenses, and such licenses may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all or may be costly.
In any such case, or if we were required to redesign our internal operations to function with new technologies, our business, results
of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 

Our
use of open-source software in our products could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subject us to possible litigation. 

A portion of the technologies we use incorporates open source software,
and we may incorporate open source software in the future. Open source software is generally licensed by its authors or other third parties
under open source licenses. These licenses may subject us to certain unfavorable conditions, including requirements that we offer our
platform that incorporates the open source software for no cost, that we make publicly available source code for modifications or derivative
works we create based upon incorporating or using the open source software, or that we license such modifications or derivative works
under the terms of the particular open source license. Additionally, if a third-party software provider has incorporated open source software
into software that we license from such provider, we could be required to disclose any of our source code that incorporates or is a modification
of our licensed software. If an author or other third party that distributes open source software that we use or license were to allege
that we had not complied with the conditions of the applicable license, we could be required to incur significant legal expenses defending
against those allegations and could be subject to significant damages, enjoined from offering or selling our solutions that contained
the open source software, and required to comply with the foregoing conditions. Any of the foregoing could disrupt and harm our business,
results of operations, and financial condition. We have established processes to help alleviate these risks, including a review process
for screening requests from our development organizations for the use of open-source software, but we cannot be sure that our processes
for controlling our use of open-source software in our products will be effective. 

20 

Risks
Related to Cyberattacks 

Security
of our information technology may be threatened. 

Threats
to IT security can take a variety of forms. Individual and groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, including state-sponsored
organizations or nation-states, continuously undertake attacks that pose threats to our customers and our IT. These actors may use a
wide variety of methods, which may include developing and deploying malicious software or exploiting vulnerabilities or intentionally
designed processes in hardware, software, or other infrastructure in order to attack our products and services or gain access to our
networks and datacenters, using social engineering techniques to induce our employees, users, partners, or customers to disclose passwords
or other sensitive information or take other actions to gain access to our data or our users or customers data, or acting
in a coordinated manner to launch distributed denial of service or other coordinated attacks. Nation-state and state-sponsored actors
can deploy significant resources to plan and carry out attacks. Nation-state attacks against us, our customers, or our partners may intensify
during periods of intense diplomatic or armed conflict, such as the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. Inadequate account security or organizational
security practices may also result in unauthorized access to confidential data. For example, system administrators may fail to timely
remove employee account access when no longer appropriate. Employees or third-parties may intentionally compromise our or our users 
security or systems or reveal confidential information. Malicious actors may employ the IT supply chain to introduce malware through
software updates or compromised supplier accounts or hardware. 

Cyberthreats
are constantly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex, increasing the difficulty of detecting and successfully
defending against them. We may have no current capability to detect certain vulnerabilities or new attack methods, which may allow them
to persist in the environment over long periods of time. Cyberthreats can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across
our internal networks and systems and those of our partners and customers. Breaches of our facilities, network, or data security could
disrupt the security of our systems and business applications, impair our ability to provide services to our customers and protect the
privacy of their data, result in product development delays, compromise confidential or technical business information harming our reputation
or competitive position, result in theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, subject us to ransomware attacks, require
us to allocate more resources to improve technologies or remediate the impacts of attacks, or otherwise adversely affect our business.
We are also subject to supply chain cyberattacks where malware can be introduced to a software provider s customers, including
us, through software updates. 

In
addition, our internal IT environment continues to evolve. Often, we are early adopters of new devices and technologies. We embrace new
ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers using methods such as social networking and other consumer-oriented
technologies. Increasing use of generative AI models in our internal systems may create new attack methods for adversaries. Our business
policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these changes as new threats emerge, or emerging cybersecurity regulations
in jurisdictions worldwide. 

21 

Security
of our products, services, devices, and customers data may be breached. 

The
security of our products and services is important in our customers decisions to purchase or use our products or services. Security
threats are a significant challenge to companies like us whose business is providing technology products and services to others. Threats
to our own IT infrastructure can also affect our customers. Customers using our cloud-based services rely on the security of our infrastructure,
including hardware and other elements provided by third-parties, to ensure the reliability of our services and the protection of their
data. Adversaries tend to focus their efforts on the most popular operating systems, programs, and services, including many of ours,
and we expect that to continue. In addition, adversaries can attack our customers cloud environments, sometimes exploiting previously
unknown vulnerabilities, Vulnerabilities in these or any product could persist if the attackers exploited the vulnerabilities with the
installation of additional malware, to further compromise customers systems. Customers using our products will continue to get
attacked as they move through their digital transformation projects. Inadequate account security practices may also result in unauthorized
access, and user activity may result in ransomware or other malicious software impacting a customer s use of our products or services.
We are increasingly incorporating open-source software into our products. There may be vulnerabilities in open-source software that may
make our products susceptible to cyberattacks. 

Our
customers operate complex IT systems with third-party hardware and software from multiple vendors that may include systems acquired over
many years. They expect our products and services to support all these systems and products, including those that no longer incorporate
the strongest current security advances or standards. As a result, we may not be able to discontinue support in our services for a product,
service, standard, or feature solely because a more secure alternative is available. Failure to utilize the most current security advances
and standards can increase our customers vulnerability to attack. Further, customers of widely varied size and technical sophistication
use our technology, and consequently may still have limited capabilities and resources to help them adopt and implement state of the
art cybersecurity practices and technologies. In addition, we must account for this wide variation of technical sophistication when defining
default settings for our products and services, including security default settings, as these settings may limit or otherwise impact
other aspects of IT operations and some customers may have limited capability to review and reset these defaults. 

Cyberattacks
may adversely impact our customers even if our product services are not directly compromised. We are committed to notifying our customers
whose systems have been impacted as we become aware and have actionable information for customers to help protect themselves. We are
also committed to providing guidance and support on detection, tracking, and remediation. We may not be able to detect the existence
or extent of these attacks for all of our customers or have information on how to detect or track an attack, when we may have no or limited
visibility into our customers computing environments. 

Development
and deployment of defensive measures are ongoing. 

To
defend against security threats to our internal IT systems, our cloud-based services, and our customers systems, we must continuously
engineer more secure products and services, enhance security, threat detection, and reliability features, improve the deployment of software
updates to address security vulnerabilities in our own products as well as those provided by others, develop mitigation technologies
that help to secure customers from attacks even when software updates are not deployed, maintain the digital security infrastructure
that protects the integrity of our network, products, and services, and provide security tools such as firewalls, anti-virus software,
and advanced security and information about the need to deploy security measures and the impact of doing so. Customers in certain industries
such as financial services, health care, and government may have enhanced or specialized requirements to which we must engineer our products
and services. 

The
cost of measures to protect products and customer-facing services could reduce our operating margins. If we fail to do these things well,
actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products and services, data corruption issues, or reduced performance could harm
our reputation and lead customers to reduce or delay future purchases of products or subscriptions to services, or to use competing products
or services. Customers may also spend more on protecting their existing computer systems from attack, which could delay adoption of additional
products or services. Customers, and third-parties granted access to their systems, may fail to update their systems, continue to run
software or operating systems we no longer support, or may fail timely to install or enable security patches, or may otherwise fail to
adopt adequate security practices. Any of these could adversely affect our reputation and revenue. Actual or perceived vulnerabilities
may lead to claims against us. Our license agreements typically contain provisions that eliminate or limit our exposure to liability,
but there is no assurance these provisions will withstand legal challenges. At times, to achieve commercial objectives, we may enter
into agreements with larger liability exposure to customers. 

22 

Our
products operate in conjunction with and are dependent on products and components across a broad ecosystem of third-parties. If there
is a security vulnerability in one of these components, and if there is a security exploit targeting it, we could face increased costs,
liability claims, reduced revenue, or harm to our reputation or competitive position. 

Disclosure
and misuse of personal data could result in liability and harm our reputation. 

As
we continue to grow the number, breadth, and scale of our cloud-based offerings, we store and process increasingly large amounts of personal
data of our customers and users. The continued occurrence of high-profile data breaches provides evidence of an external environment
increasingly hostile to information security. Despite our efforts to improve the security controls across our business groups and geographies,
it is possible our security controls over personal data, our training of employees and third-parties on data security, and other practices
we follow may not prevent the improper disclosure or misuse of customer or user data we or our vendors store and manage. In addition,
third-parties who have limited access to our customer or user data may use this data in unauthorized ways. Improper disclosure or misuse
could harm our reputation, lead to legal exposure to customers or users, or subject us to liability under laws that protect personal
data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. Our software products and services also enable our customers and users to store
and process personal data on-premises or, increasingly, in a cloud-based environment we host. Government authorities can sometimes require
us to produce customer or user data in response to valid legal orders. In the U.S. and elsewhere, we advocate for transparency concerning
these requests and appropriate limitations on government authority to compel disclosure. Despite our efforts to protect customer and
user data, perceptions that the collection, use, and retention of personal information is not satisfactorily protected could inhibit
sales of our products or services and could limit adoption of our cloud-based solutions by consumers, businesses, and government entities.
Additional security measures we may take to address customer or user concerns, or constraints on our flexibility to determine where and
how to operate datacenters in response to customer or user expectations or governmental rules or actions, may cause higher operating
expenses or hinder growth of our products and services. 

If
our end users experience data losses, our brand, reputation and business could be harmed. 

A
breach of our end users network security and systems, or other events that cause the loss or public disclosure of, or access by
third-parties to, our end users files or data, could have serious negative consequences for our business, including reduced demand
for our services, an unwillingness of our clients and customers, and our licensees and resellers or their customers to use our products
or services, harm to our brand and reputation. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage
systems change frequently, often are not recognized until launched against a target, and may originate from less regulated or remote
areas around the world. As a result, our end users may be unable to proactively prevent these techniques, implement adequate preventative
or remedial measures, or enforce the laws and regulations that govern such activities. If our end users experience any data loss, data
disruption, or any data corruption or inaccuracies, whether caused by security breaches or otherwise, our brand, reputation and business
could be harmed. 

Our
insurance may not be available now or in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, our policy may not cover claims against
us for loss of data or other indirect or consequential damages. Defending a suit based on any data loss or system disruption, regardless
of its merit, could be costly and divert our management s attention. 

Risks Related
to Regulations and Our Compliance with Such Regulations 

We previously
identified material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. If not remediated,
our failure to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could
result in material misstatements in our financial statements and a failure to meet our reporting and financial obligations, each of which
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price of our common stock. 

Maintaining effective
internal control over financial reporting and effective disclosure controls and procedures are necessary for us to produce reliable financial
statements. Our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting are currently ineffective and have
in the past been subject to material weaknesses. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control
over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim
financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A control deficiency exists when the design or operation of
a control does not allow management or employees, in the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to prevent or detect misstatements
on a timely basis. 

We cannot assure you
that additional material weaknesses will not arise in the future. The development of new material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting, could result in material misstatements in our financial statements and cause us to fail to meet our reporting
and financial obligations, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price of our
common stock, and/or result in litigation against us or our management. 

We are subject to
changing laws and regulations. 

U.S. government agencies
continue to implement extensive requirements on our industry. These regulations have both positive and negative impacts, with much remaining
uncertainty as to how various provisions will ultimately affect our customers, clients, licensees, resellers, end users, and our business.
As to prospective legislation and regulation concerning collection, transmission, storage and use of personal data, we cannot determine
what effect additional state or federal governmental legislation, regulations, or administrative orders would have on our business in
the future. New legislation or regulation may require the reformulation of our business to meet new standards, require us to cease operations,
impose stricter qualification and/or registration standards, impose additional record keeping, or require expanded consumer protection
measures (such as heightened notification procedures and data subject access rights). 

Our failure to
comply with laws and regulations applicable to our business could subject us to fines and penalties and could also cause us to lose potential
customers, clients, licensees, resellers and/or for licensees and resellers to lose potential customers in the public sector or negatively
impact our ability to contract with the public sector. 

Our business is subject
to regulation by various federal, state, regional, local and foreign governmental agencies, including agencies responsible for monitoring
and enforcing employment and labor laws, workplace safety, product safety, product labeling, environmental laws, consumer protection
laws, anti-bribery laws, data privacy laws, import and export controls, federal securities laws and tax laws and regulations. In certain
jurisdictions, these regulatory requirements may be more stringent than in the United States. Noncompliance with applicable regulations
or requirements could subject us to investigations, sanctions, enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, fines, damages and civil
and criminal penalties or injunctions. If any governmental sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal
litigation, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition, responding to any legal
action will likely result in a significant diversion of our management s attention and resources and an increase in professional
fees and expenses. Enforcement actions and sanctions could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Additionally, we may
be subject to other laws and regulations throughout the world governing data handling, protection and privacy. For example, in June of
2018, California passed the California Consumer Privacy Act, or the CCPA, which provides new data privacy rights for consumers
and new operational requirements for companies, became effective in 2021, and in March 2022, Virginia passed a consumer data protection
law, the VCDPA, which includes similar rights as set forth in the CCPA. Fines for noncompliance may be up to 7,500 per
violation. Additionally, many other states have passed differing privacy and data protection laws in recent years. Significantly, several
bills are being worked on in the Senate and the House dealing with these issues, and while it is uncertain that any of them will reach
the floor of either chamber, if they do so they will likely impose substantial additional burdens on companies. The costs of compliance
with, and other burdens imposed by, the CCPA, the VCDPA and other state or foreign laws, may limit the use and adoption of our products
and services and would have an adverse impact on our business. These laws and regulations impose added costs on our business, and failure
to comply with these or other applicable regulations and requirements, including non-compliance in the past, could lead to claims for
damages from our channel partners, penalties, termination of contracts, loss of exclusive rights in our intellectual property and temporary
suspension or permanent debarment from government contracting. Any such damages, penalties, disruptions, or limitations in our ability
to do business with the public sector could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 

23 

Governmental
restrictions on the sale of our products and services in non-U.S. markets could negatively affect our business, financial condition,
and financial results. 

Exports
of software products and services using cybersecurity technology such as ours are generally restricted by the U.S. government. In addition,
some countries impose restrictions on the use of cybersecurity products and services such as ours. The cost of compliance with U.S. and
other export laws, or our failure to obtain governmental approvals to offer our products and services in non-U.S. markets, could affect
our ability to sell our products and services and could impair our international expansion. We face a variety of other legal and compliance
risks. If we or our distributors fail to comply with applicable law and regulations, we may become subject to penalties, fines or restrictions
that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and financial results. 

Risks Related
to Our Financial Position and Need for Capital 

We have incurred
net losses and may never achieve profitability. 

Our likelihood of success
must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered in connection with
development of a new business enterprise. Our accumulated deficit as of September 30, 2024, was 19.8 million. 

We cannot assure our
current stockholders or future investors that that any of our new products and services currently under development will be successfully
commercialized, and the extent of our future losses and the timing of any possible profitability, if ever achieved, are highly uncertain.
If we are unable to achieve profitability, we may, at any time, be unable to continue our operations. 

Our ability to
continue as a going concern may depend upon our ability to raise additional capital and such capital may not be available on acceptable
terms, or at all. 

We currently believe
that our available cash will allow us to fund our operations through at least December 2025. Nevertheless, we may need to raise additional
capital to fund operating losses, support future expansion, develop new or enhanced products and services, hire employees, respond to
competitive pressures, acquire technologies, or respond to unanticipated events or requirements before then. Our management s plans
include attempting to improve our profitability and our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to meet our operating
needs on a timely basis, obtaining additional working capital funds through equity and debt financing arrangements, and restructuring
on-going operations to eliminate inefficiencies and reduce our expenses. However, we are not assured that these plans and arrangements
will be sufficient to fund our ongoing capital expenditures, working capital, and other requirements. The outcome of these actions cannot
be predicted at this time. There can be no assurance that any additional financings will be available to us on satisfactory terms and
conditions, if at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to develop or enhance our products and
services, take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements, any of which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. If we raise additional funds through the issuance
of equity securities, or convertible debt, the percentage ownership of our stockholders will be reduced, and holders may experience dilution
in net book value per share. 

The amount of capital
we may need depends on many factors, including the progress, timing, scope and market acceptance of our product development programs;
the time and cost required to obtain any necessary regulatory approvals; the possibility of litigation; our ability to enter into and
maintain collaborative, licensing and other commercial relationships; and our ability to secure commitment of time and resources from
third-parties to the development and commercialization of our products. 

The capital markets
have been unpredictable for unprofitable companies such as ours. The amount of capital that we may be able to raise depends on variables
that are beyond our control. As a result, we may not be able to secure financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Even if we are
able to consummate a financing arrangement, the amount raised may not be sufficient to meet our future needs. If adequate funds are not
available on acceptable terms, or at all, our business, including our results of operations, financial condition and our continued viability
will be materially adversely affected. 

24 

If we can raise
additional funding, we may be required to do so on terms that are dilutive to our stockholders. 

Our future issuances
of new equity will dilute the ownership percentage of our existing stockholders. The extent of such dilution will depend on the number
of shares issued. Neither the amount of funds that may be received in such equity financing, nor the price per share of our equity securities
issued are known at this time. 

We will continue
to incur increased costs as a result of being a reporting company and, given our limited capital resources, such additional costs may
have an adverse impact on our profitability. 

We are a reporting company
to the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. The rules and regulations under the Exchange Act require reporting companies to provide
periodic reports with interactive data files, which require that we engage legal, accounting and auditing professionals, and XBRL (eXtensible
Business Reporting Language) and EDGAR (Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval) service providers. The engagement of such
services can be costly, and we may continue to incur additional financial losses, which may adversely affect our ability to continue
as a going concern. In addition, the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, as well as a variety of new related and unrelated rules implemented
by the SEC, have required changes in corporate governance practices and generally increased the disclosure requirements of public companies.
For example, as a result of being a reporting company, we are required to file periodic and current reports and other information with
the SEC, and we are adopting and revising policies regarding disclosure controls and procedures, including internal controls over financial
reporting. 

The additional costs
we continue to incur in connection with being a reporting company (expected to be approximately seven to eight hundred thousand dollars
per year) will continue to further stretch our limited capital resources. Due to our limited resources, we have to allocate resources
away from other productive uses in order to continue to comply with our obligations as an SEC reporting company. Further, there is no
guarantee that we will have sufficient resources to continue to meet our reporting and filing obligations with the SEC as they come due. 

We may apply working
capital and future funding to uses that ultimately do not improve our operating results or increase the market price of our securities. 

In general, we have
complete discretion over the use of our working capital and any new investment capital we may obtain in the future that has no dedicated
use of proceeds. Because of the number and variety of factors that could determine our use of funds, our ultimate expenditure of funds
(and their uses) may vary substantially from our current intended operating plan for such funds. 

We intend to use existing
working capital and future funding to support the development of our products and services, the expansion of our marketing, or the support
of operations to educate the end users of the software we sell. We will also use capital for market and network expansion, acquisitions,
and general working capital purposes. However, we do not have more specific plans for the use and expenditure of our capital. Our management
has broad discretion to use any or all of our available capital reserves. Our capital could be applied in ways that do not improve our
operating results or otherwise increase the market value of a stockholder s shares. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

The market price for our common stock has been volatile, and you may not be able to sell our stock at a favorable price, or at all. 

You
should consider an investment in our common stock to be risky, and you should invest in our common stock and securities convertible into
our common stock only if you can withstand a complete loss and wide fluctuations in the market value of your investment. Some factors
that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate, in addition to the other risks mentioned in this Risk Factors 
section and elsewhere are: 

sale
 of our common stock by our stockholders, executives, and directors; 

volatility
 in price and level of trading volumes of our shares of common stock; 

our
 ability to obtain financings to conduct and complete research and development activities and other business activities; 

the
 timing and success of introductions of new products and services by us or our competitors or any other change in the competitive
 dynamics of our industry, including consolidation among competitors; 

25 

Our
 ability to attract new customers, clients, licensees, and resellers; 

changes
 in the development status of our products and services; 

changes
 in our capital structure, future issuances of securities, and sales of large blocks of common stock by our stockholders; 

our
 cash position; 

announcements
 and events surrounding financing efforts, including debt and equity securities; 

our
 inability to enter into new markets or develop new products and services; 

reputational
 issues; 

announcements
 of acquisitions, partnerships, collaborations, joint ventures, new products and services, capital commitments, or other events by
 us or our competitors; 

changes
 in industry conditions or perceptions; 

our
 ability to attract analysts to initiate research coverage and once obtained, having such analysts issue research reports, recommendations
 and any changes in recommendations, price targets, and withdrawals of coverage; 

departures
 and additions of key personnel; 

disputes
 and litigations related to intellectual properties, proprietary rights, and contractual obligations; 

changes
 in applicable laws, rules, regulations, or accounting practices and other dynamics; and 

other
 events or factors, many of which may be out of our control. 

In
addition, if the market for stock of companies in our industry or industries related to our industry, or the stock market in general,
experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business,
financial condition and results of operations. If any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose
us to lawsuits that, even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and a distraction to management. 

Substantial
sales of our common stock, or the perception that such sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock. 

We
cannot predict whether future issuances of our common stock, or resale of shares in the open market, will decrease the market price of
our common stock. The consequence of any such issuances or resale of our common stock on our market price may be increased as a result
of the fact that our common stock is thinly, or infrequently, traded. The exercise of any outstanding options, or the vesting of any
restricted stock, that we may grant to directors, executive officers and other employees in the future, or the issuance of common stock
in connection with acquisitions and other issuances of our common stock, may decrease the market price of our common stock. 

Holders
of our common stock have a risk of potential dilution if we issue additional shares of common stock in the future. 

The
exercise or conversion of stock options, warrants, preferred stock, or convertible securities will dilute the ownership percentage of
our then existing stockholders. The dilutive effect of the exercise or conversion of these securities may adversely affect our ability
to obtain additional capital. The holders of these securities may be expected to exercise or convert their securities when we are able
to obtain additional equity capital on terms more favorable than these securities. On September 13, 2021, our stockholders approved an
equity incentive plan authorized by our Board of Directors under which we may issue equity awards that may increase the number of outstanding
shares of common stock. In the future, we may grant additional stock options, warrants, preferred stock or convertible securities. 

26 

The
anti-dilutive rights of certain warrants could result in significant dilution to our existing stockholders and/or require us to issue
a substantially greater number of shares, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

The
warrants to purchase 12,011,114 shares of our common stock issued to investors in a private placement transaction that closed on April
16, 2021, contain anti-dilution rights such that if we issue, or are deemed to have issued, common stock or common stock equivalents
at a price less than the then exercise price of those warrants, the exercise price of those warrants will automatically be reduced to
such lower value, and the number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise thereafter will be adjusted proportionately, so that
the aggregate exercise price payable upon exercise of such warrants is the same prior to and after such reduction in exercise price.
As a result, the effect of the anti-dilution right may cause significant dilution to our other stockholders. 

The
warrants to purchase 8,332,439 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants issued to the placement agent in the private
placement include a weighted average anti-dilution right in the event we issue any shares of common stock or equivalents with a value
less than the then exercise price. As a result, the effect of the anti-dilution right may cause significant dilution to our other stockholders.
The triggering of the anti-dilution rights in the warrants issued in the private placement may result in such securities being exercisable
for a reduced exercise price. 

As
of September 30, 2024, no anti-dilution triggers had occurred. 

Certain warrants issued
in 2021 inhibit our access to equity capital, if we should need it, which may limit our ability to grow and maintain our competitiveness. 

The warrants we issued in
the 2021 private placement described in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements, Note 11 , contain various provisions including,
but not limited to, various price reset and anti-dilution provisions when new equity is issued in certain transactions including stock
issued for cash at a price less than the 0.36 exercise price stated in the 2021 private placement warrants. These provisions inhibit
our access to cash for the issuance of common stock which may limit our ability to compete in a very dynamic market through new investments
in research and development or selling and marketing. We cannot predict the financial impact of the issuance of the warrants on our financial
statements, specifically our balance sheet. We also cannot predict the financial impact of the various provisions included in the warrant
agreements. 

The purchase agreement
related to our 2021 private placement includes covenants that we must comply with, or we may suffer potential monetary and other penalties. 

The securities purchase agreement we entered into in
connection with the recent private placement contains certain customary covenants. If we do not comply with these covenants, we will be
in breach of our obligations under the securities purchase agreement, which may lead to exercise by the investors of the remedies available
to them under the securities purchase agreement, which may cause a material impact upon our financial condition. 

Our
common shares are thinly traded, and in the future may continue to be thinly traded, and you may be unable to sell your shares at or
near ask prices or at all, if you need to sell your shares to raise money or otherwise desire to liquidate such shares. 

We
cannot predict the extent to which an active public market for our common stock will develop or be sustained due to a number of factors,
including the fact that we are a small company that is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors and
others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of such persons,
they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of
our shares until such time as we become more seasoned and viable. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when
trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer that has a large and steady volume of trading
activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on its share price. We cannot give you any assurance
that a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained, or that even current trading levels
will be sustained. You may be unable to sell your common stock at or above your purchase price, if at all, which may result in substantial
losses to you. As a consequence of this lack of liquidity, the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our stockholders may
disproportionately influence the price of those shares in either direction. The price for our shares could, for example, decline precipitously
in the event that a large number of our common shares are sold on the market without commensurate demand, as compared to a seasoned issuer
that could better absorb those sales without adverse impact on its share price. As a consequence of this enhanced risk, more risk-averse
investors may, under the fear of losing all or most of their investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress, be more inclined
to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case with the stock of a seasoned issuer. 

A
significant number of our shares have been registered for resale, and their sale or potential sale may depress the market price of our
common stock. 

As
of September 30, 2024, we had 225,975,331 shares of common stock outstanding and total warrants issued for 43,157,956 shares of
common stock. If all 43,157,956 warrants are exercised in full for cash, then they would represent 16.0 of the total shares
outstanding after including the exercised warrants. Sales of a significant number of shares of our common stock in the public
market, or the potential or expectation of such sales, could harm the market price of our common stock. If a large volume of our
common stock was sold, it would increase the supply of our common stock, which could cause a decrease in its
price. 

Future
sales and issuances of our securities could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause
our share price to fall. 

We
expect that we will need significant additional capital in the future to continue our planned operations, including research and development,
increased marketing, hiring new personnel, commercializing our products, and continuing activities as an operating public company. To
the extent that we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our existing stockholders may experience substantial dilution.
We may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions, at prices and in a manner that
we determine from time to time, in our discretion. If we sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in more
than one transaction, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales may also result in material dilution to our
existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights superior to our existing stockholders. 

27 

Our
common stock is subject to restrictions on sales by broker-dealers and penny stock rules, which may be detrimental to investors. 

Our
common stock is subject to Rules 15g-1 through 15g-9 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
which impose certain sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell our common stock to persons other than established customers
and accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act )).
For transactions covered by this rule, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the
purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the sale. This rule adversely affects the ability of broker-dealers to
sell our common stock and holders of our common stock to sell their shares of our common stock. 

Additionally,
our common stock is subject to SEC regulations applicable to penny stocks. Penny stocks include any non-Nasdaq equity security
that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. The regulations require that, prior to any non-exempt
buy/sell transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule proscribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market must be delivered
by a broker-dealer to the purchaser of such penny stock. This disclosure must include the amount of commissions payable and the current
price quotations for our common stock. The regulations also require that monthly statements be sent to holders of a penny stock that
disclose recent price information for the penny stock and information regarding the limited market for penny stocks. These requirements
adversely affect the market liquidity of our common stock. 

Because
our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB instead of a national exchange, our investors may have difficulty selling their stock or may
experience negative volatility on the market price of our common stock. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB Market, operated by the OTC Markets Group. The OTCQB is often highly illiquid, in part because it
does not have a national quotation system by which potential investors can follow the market price of shares, except through information
received and generated by a limited number of broker-dealers that make markets in particular stocks. There is a greater chance of volatility
for securities that trade on the OTCQB, as compared to a national exchange or quotation system. This volatility may be caused by a variety
of factors, including the lack of readily available price quotations, the absence of consistent administrative supervision of bid and
ask quotations, lower trading volume, and market conditions. Investors in our common stock may experience high fluctuations in the market
price and volume of the trading market for our securities. These fluctuations, when they occur, have a negative effect on the market
price for our securities. Accordingly, our stockholders may not be able to realize a fair price for their shares when they determine
to sell them or may have to hold them for a substantial period of time until the liquidity of the market for our common stock improves. 

Our charter
allows us to issue blank check preferred stock and establish its terms, conditions, rights, powers and preferences without
stockholder approval. 

Pursuant to our certificate
of incorporation, our Board of Directors has the authority to issue up to 10 million shares of blank check preferred
stock and to determine the price, rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions, including voting rights, of those shares without
any additional vote or action by our stockholders. Because our Board of Directors is able to designate the terms, conditions, rights,
powers, and preferences of the preferred stock without the vote of a majority of our stockholders, our stockholders will have no control
over what designations and preferences our preferred stock will have. The issuance of shares of preferred stock, or the rights associated
therewith, could cause substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. Additionally, the dilutive effect of any preferred stock that
we may issue may be exacerbated given the fact that such preferred stock may have voting rights, liquidation and/or other rights or preferences
that could provide the preferred stockholders with substantial voting control over us and/or give those holders the power to prevent
or cause a change in our control. As a result, the issuance of shares of preferred stock may cause the value of our common stock to decrease. 

We have never
paid or declared any dividends on our common stock. 

We do not anticipate
paying, in the near future, dividends or distributions on our common stock. Any future dividends on our common stock will be declared
at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on, among other things, our earnings, our financial requirements for future
operations and growth, and other facts as we may then deem appropriate. Since we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common
stock, return on your investment, if any, will depend solely on an increase, if any, in the market value of our common stock. 

If securities
or industry analysts do not initiate research coverage on us and, if initiated, fail to publish research or reports, or publish unfavorable
research or reports, about our business, our stock price and trading volume may decline. 

The trading market for
our common stock will rely in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us, our business, our
markets, and our competitors. We do not currently have any securities or industry analysts that have initiated research coverage on our
business. If and when any securities or industry analysts initiate research coverage on our business, we will not control these analysts.
If securities analysts do not cover our common stock, the lack of research or other coverage may adversely affect the market price and
decrease the trading volume of our common stock. Furthermore, if one or more of the analysts who do cover us downgrade our stock, or
if those analysts issue other unfavorable commentary about us or our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of
these analysts cease coverage of us or fails to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the market, and interest
in our stock could decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline and may also impair our ability to
expand our business and attract new clients and customers to purchase our cybersecurity products and services. 

The sale of shares
of our common stock by our directors and officers may adversely affect the market price for our common stock. 

Sales of significant
amounts of shares of common stock by our officers and directors, or the prospect of such sales, could adversely affect the market price
of our common stock. Our management s stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise
attempting to obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over
our stock s market price. 

28 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
1C. CYBERSECURITY 

Risk
management and strategy 

SideChannel,
Inc. recognizes the critical importance of developing, implementing, and maintaining robust cybersecurity measures to safeguard our information
systems and protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. 

Managing
Material Risks Integrated Overall Risk Management 

SideChannel,
Inc. has strategically integrated cybersecurity risk management into our broader risk management framework to promote a company-wide
culture of cybersecurity risk management. This integration ensures that cybersecurity considerations are an integral part of our decision-making
processes at every level. Our risk management team works closely with our IT department to continuously evaluate and address cybersecurity
risks in alignment with our business objectives and operational needs. 

Engage
Third-parties on Risk Management 

Recognizing
the complexity and evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, SideChannel, Inc. has relationships with a range of external experts,
including cybersecurity assessors, consultants, and auditors in evaluating and testing our risk management systems. These
partnerships enable us to leverage specialized knowledge and insights as needed, to ensure our cybersecurity strategies and
processes remain at the forefront of industry best practices. Our collaboration with these third-parties may include audits, threat assessments, and consultation on security enhancements. 

29 

Oversee
Third-party Risk 

Because
we are aware of the risks associated with third-party service providers, SideChannel, Inc. implements stringent processes to oversee
and manage these risks. We conduct thorough security assessments of all third-party providers before engagement and maintain ongoing
monitoring to ensure compliance with our cybersecurity standards. The monitoring includes quarterly assessments by our Chief Information
Security Officer CISO and on an ongoing basis by our security engineers. This approach is designed to mitigate risks
related to data breaches or other security incidents originating from third-parties. 

Risks
from Cybersecurity Threats 

We
have not encountered cybersecurity challenges that have materially impaired our operations or financial standing. 

Governance 

The
Board of Directors is acutely aware of the critical nature of managing risks associated with cybersecurity threats. The Board has established
robust oversight mechanisms to ensure effective governance in managing risks associated with cybersecurity threats because we recognize
the significance of these threats to our operational integrity and stakeholder confidence. 

Board
of Directors Oversight 

The
Audit Committee is central to the Board s oversight of cybersecurity risks and bears the primary responsibility for this domain.
The Audit Committee is composed of board members with diverse expertise including, risk management, technology, and finance, equipping
them to oversee cybersecurity risks effectively. 

Management s
Role Managing Risk 

The Chief Information Security Officer CISO and the Chief Executive Officer CEO play a pivotal role in informing the Audit Committee on cybersecurity risks.
They provide comprehensive briefings to the Audit Committee on a regular basis, with a minimum frequency of once per year. These briefings
encompass a broad range of topics, including: 

Current
 cybersecurity landscape and emerging threats; 

Status
 of ongoing cybersecurity initiatives and strategies; 

Incident
 reports and learnings from any cybersecurity events; and 

Compliance
 with regulatory requirements and industry standards. 

In
addition to our scheduled meetings, the Audit Committee, CISO and CEO maintain an ongoing dialogue regarding emerging or potential cybersecurity
risks. Together, they receive updates on any significant developments in the cybersecurity domain, ensuring the Board s oversight
is proactive and responsive. The Audit Committee actively participates in strategic decisions related to cybersecurity, offering guidance
and approval for major initiatives. This involvement ensures that cybersecurity considerations are integrated into the broader strategic
objectives of SideChannel, Inc. The Audit Committee conducts an annual review of the company s cybersecurity posture and the effectiveness
of its risk management strategies. This review helps in identifying areas for improvement and ensuring the alignment of cybersecurity
efforts with the overall risk management framework. 

Risk
Management Personnel 

Primary
responsibility for assessing, monitoring and managing our cybersecurity risks rests with the CISO, Mr. Bill Roberts. With over 25 years
of experience in the field of cybersecurity, Mr. Roberts brings a wealth of expertise to his role. His background includes extensive
experience as an enterprise CISO and is well-recognized within the industry. His in-depth knowledge and experience are instrumental in
developing and executing our cybersecurity strategies. Our CISO oversees our governance programs, tests our compliance with standards,
remediates known risks, and leads our employee training program. 

30 

Monitor
Cybersecurity Incidents 

The
CISO is continually informed about the latest developments in cybersecurity, including potential threats and innovative risk management
techniques. This ongoing knowledge acquisition is crucial for the effective prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity
incidents. The CISO implements and oversees processes for the regular monitoring of our information systems. This includes the deployment
of advanced security measures and regular system audits to identify potential vulnerabilities. In the event of a cybersecurity incident,
the CISO is equipped with a well-defined incident response plan. This plan includes immediate actions to mitigate the impact and long-term
strategies for remediation and prevention of future incidents. 

Reporting
to Board of Directors 

The
CISO, in his capacity, regularly informs the CEO and the Chief Financial Officer CFO of all
aspects related to cybersecurity risks and incidents. This ensures that the highest levels of management are kept abreast of the
cybersecurity posture and potential risks facing SideChannel, Inc. Furthermore, significant cybersecurity matters, and strategic
risk management decisions are escalated to the Board of Directors, ensuring that they have comprehensive oversight and can provide
guidance on critical cybersecurity issues. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

On
December 10, 2021, we entered into a lease for approximately 500 square feet of office space at 146 Main Street in Worcester, Massachusetts,
with the option to renew annually for three (3) twelve (12) month periods through December 2025. The annual renewal date is January 1 st .
Our current lease payment is 967 per month. The lease allows for a two percent (2 increase effective at the beginning of each renewal
period. We anticipate the lease payment to be 986 per month during calendar year 2025. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

As
of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there are no material pending legal proceedings. From time to time, we may be
involved in ordinary routine litigation incidental to our business, to which we are a party or which our property is the subject. In
addition, none of our officers, directors, affiliates or 5 stockholders (or any associates thereof) is a party averse to us, or has
a material interest adverse to us, in any material proceeding. 

Currently
Pending Litigation 

In
April 2021, Eric Marquez, the former Secretary/Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and certain other plaintiffs,
filed a lawsuit against Cipherloc Corporation, our predecessor, and Michael De La Garza, Cipherloc s former Chief Executive
Officer and President, in the 20 th Judicial District for Hays County, Texas (Case No. 20-0818). The lawsuit alleges
causes of action for fraud against Mr. De La Garza (for misrepresentations allegedly made by Mr. De La Garza); breach of contract,
for alleged breaches of Mr. Marquez s alleged oral employment agreement, which Mr. Marquez claims required Cipherloc pay him
cash and shares of stock; unjust enrichment; quantum meruit; and rescission of certain stock purchases made by certain of the
plaintiffs, as well as declaratory relief and fraud. Damages sought exceeded 1 million. We reached a preliminary agreement with the
plaintiffs on November 13, 2024. A formal settlement agreement was negotiated and circulated to the plaintiffs on November 25, 2024.
The execution of the settlement agreement is in progress and, when complete, will trigger the formal dismissal of the lawsuit. The
terms of the agreement require the Company to issue the plaintiffs a combined 356,400 shares of common stock and pay a total of 95
thousand in cash in six equal, quarterly installments of approximately 16 thousand beginning on January 1, 2025, and ending on
April 1, 2026. We estimate the cost of the settlement fee paid as stock to be approximately 15 thousand using the closing price of
our common stock at September 30, 2024. A total of 110 thousand of expense has been recognized in our results for the year ended
September 30, 2024. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

31 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
common stock is traded on the over-the-counter market and is quoted on the OTCQB Venture Market run by OTC Markets Group under the symbol
 SDCH. 

The
OTC Markets Group is a network of security dealers who buy and sell stock. The dealers are connected by a computer network that provides
information on current bids and asks, as well as volume information. The trading of securities on the OTC
Markets is often sporadic and investors may have difficulty buying and selling our shares or obtaining market quotations for them, which
may have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. 

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated the high and low closing bid quotations for our common stock. These quotations
represent inter-dealer quotations, without adjustment for retail markup, markdown, or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

Low 
 High 
 
 Fiscal
 2023 

First
 Quarter (October 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022) 
 0.09 
 0.14 
 
 Second
 Quarter (January 1, 2023 to March 31, 2023) 
 0.04 
 0.12 
 
 Third
 Quarter (April 1, 2023 to June 30, 2023) 
 0.04 
 0.11 
 
 Fourth
 Quarter (July 1, 2023 to September 30, 2023) 
 0.05 
 0.10 

Fiscal
 2024 

First
 Quarter (October 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023) 
 0.01 
 0.05 
 
 Second
 Quarter (January 1, 2024 to March 31, 2024) 
 0.02 
 0.06 
 
 Third
 Quarter (April 1, 2024 to June 30, 2024) 
 0.03 
 0.07 
 
 Fourth
 Quarter (July 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024) 
 0.03 
 0.05 

Fiscal
 2025 

First
 Quarter (October 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024) (1) 
 0.03 
 0.05 

(1) 
 Through
 December 6, 2024 

As
of September 30, 2024, there were 225,975,331 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, and there were approximately 784 record
holders of our common stock. 

Also
as of September 30, 2024, there were zero (0) shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding . 

Dividends 

Our
Board of Directors does not intend to declare dividends in the foreseeable future. The declaration, payment, and amount of any future
dividends will be made at the discretion our Board of Directors, and will depend upon, among other things, the results of our operations,
cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and such other factors as our Board of Directors consider relevant
at that time. We currently expect to use all available funds to finance the future development and expansion of our business, and we
do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Transfer
Agent 

The
Transfer Agent and Registrar for our common stock is Computershare Limited located in Canton, Massachusetts. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Except
the 76 investors receiving, on a combined basis, approximately 7.3 million shares of common stock and 17.4 million new warrants in exchange
for tendering 43.5 million 2021 warrants as previously announced via press release and disclosed in Form 8-K dated December 27, 2023,
there have been no sales of unregistered securities during the year ended September 30, 2024. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. In addition, please refer to the discussion of our business and markets contained
in Part 1, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

32 

Overview 

Our
Business 

Our
mission is to make cybersecurity simple and accessible for mid-market and emerging companies, a market that we believe is currently underserved.
We believe that our cybersecurity offerings will identify and develop cybersecurity, privacy, and risk management solutions for our customers.
We anticipate that our target customers will continue to need cost-effective security solutions. We intend to provide more tech-enabled
services to address the needs of our customers, including virtual Chief Information Security Officer (vCISO), zero trust, third-party
risk management, due diligence, privacy, threat intelligence, and managed end-point security solutions. 

Our
growth strategy focuses on these three initiatives: 

1.
Securing new vCISO clients 

 2.
Adding new Cybersecurity Software and Services offerings 

 3.
Increasing adoption of Cybersecurity Software, including Enclave and Services offerings at vCISO clients 

We
internally report our revenue using two categories. The first, vCISO Services, captures the revenue the Chief Information
Security Officer services that we provide to our clients on a virtual or outsourced basis, thus the acronym vCISO. 
Services delivered by SideChannel through our team of vCISOs include assessing the cybersecurity risk profile, implementing policies
and programs to mitigate risks, and managing the day-to-day tasks to ensure compliance with the adopted cybersecurity framework. Most
of our clients use our vCISO services. 

vCISO
engagements typically include a fixed monthly subscription fee with durations longer than twelve (12) months. Hourly rates for vCISO
time and material projects range from 350 to 450. Each of our vCISOs is generally embedded into the C-suite executive teams of two
(2) to four (4) of our clients. 

Our
second revenue category encompasses an array of Cybersecurity Software and Services that our clients deem necessary to protect their
digital assets. These augment our vCISO offering and include a full range of other cybersecurity products and services delivered through
a team of security engineers along with a network of third-party service providers and value-added resellers VARs ). Commercial
relationships with third-party service providers and VARs provide SideChannel with additional internal capabilities to mitigate cybersecurity
risks. We earn licensing revenue from software contracts and commissions from third-party service provider partnerships which are included
in this revenue category. 

During
September 2022 we announced a proprietary product called Enclave which simplifies important cybersecurity tasks called asset inventory, 
and microsegmentation. Enclave seamlessly combines access control, microsegmentation, encryption and other secure networking
concepts to create a comprehensive solution. It allows Information Technology to easily segment the enterprise network, place the right
staff in those segments and direct traffic. 

Revenue 

The
following revenue metrics are for the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, versus the same period in 2023. These summary metrics are
accompanied by pie charts that reflect the revenue by category in fiscal years 2024 and 2023. 

Total
 revenue grew by 828 thousand or 12.6 . 

vCISO
 Services category revenue grew by 223 thousand or 5.1 . 

Cybersecurity
 Software and Services category revenue grew by 605 thousand or 27.6 . 

The growth in vCISO Services reflects both growth in
clients served and an increase in revenue per client. Cybersecurity Software Services revenue grew from 2023 to 2024 primarily because
of an increase in the use of these services by existing Cybersecurity Software and Services clients and secondarily because of an expansion
of the services and software offered. 

33 

We
also monitor new and retained revenue. The revenue earned from clients during our first twelve months of working with them is classified
as new; while the revenue earned with clients after our first twelve months of working with them is classified as retained. The following
chart provides details on our new and retained revenue for fiscal years 2024 and 2023: 

Further,
we consider revenue retention a key performance indicator. Revenue retention is calculated by dividing retained revenue by the prior
year total revenue. The following table shows the revenue retention for fiscal years 2024 and 2023 by revenue category. 

Trailing
 Twelve Months Ended 

September
 30, 2024 
 September
 30, 2023 

vCISO
 Services 
 67.7 
 60.8 
 
 Cybersecurity
 Software Services 
 72.2 
 89.4 
 
 Total 
 69.2 
 71.0 

Results
of Operations 

Fiscal
Year Ended September 30, 2024, Compared to Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2023 

Twelve Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenues 
 7,400 
 6,572 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 3,868 
 3,240 
 
 Gross profit 
 3,532 
 3,332 
 
 Gross margin 
 47.7 
 50.7 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative 
 3,155 
 3,586 
 
 Selling and marketing 
 771 
 1,337 
 
 Research and development 
 546 
 669 
 
 Intangible asset impairment 
 - 
 4,940 
 
 Business Combination related costs 
 - 
 214 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 4,472 
 10,746 
 
 Operating loss 
 (940 
 (7,414 

Other income, net 
 41 
 29 
 
 Net loss before income tax expense 
 (899 
 (7,385 

Income tax expense (benefit) 
 5 
 (379 
 
 Net loss 
 (904 
 (7,006 

Revenue.
 Our revenue was 7.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2024, compared to 6.6 million in the prior year, an increase of 0.8
million or 12.6 . We believe this increase reflects the factors previously discussed in the Overview section above. 

Gross
Margins. Gross margins decreased to 47.7 in fiscal year 2024 from 50.7 in fiscal year 2023, which we attribute to lower
utilization of our service delivery team employees and an increase in revenue from third-party software and services which have a
lower gross margin. 

Operating
Expenses . Total operating expenses during fiscal year 2024 were 4.5 million compared to fiscal year 2023 total operating
expenses of 5.6 million excluding 214 thousand of prior year acquisition costs and intangible asset impairment of 4.9 million. In
May 2023, we began eliminating operating expenses which, combined with our increase in gross profit, have enabled us to lower our
breakeven revenue point and attain positive cash flow from operations during fiscal year 2024. The operating expense reductions were
achieved by staff reductions in all areas of the business and the elimination of non-essential third-party supplier
relationships. 

General
and Administrative Expenses. Our general and administrative expenses were 3.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2024, compared
to 3.6 million for the prior year, a decrease of 0.4 million or 12.0 . The decrease in general and administrative expenses primarily
resulted from decreased staff and related costs and lower professional fees and insurance related to the listed nature of the Company.
These favorable variances were partially offset by an increase in stock-based compensation and costs incurred for the settlement of a litigation matter. 

Selling
and Marketing Expenses. Our selling and marketing expenses were 771 thousand for the year ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1,337
thousand for the prior year, a decrease of 566 thousand or 42.3 resulting from our decrease in sales and marketing staff and partially
offset by increased spend on third-party marketing services. 

34 

Research
and Development Expenses. Our research and development expenses were 546 thousand for the year ended September 30, 2024, compared to 669
thousand for the prior year, a decrease of 123 thousand or 18.4 . The decrease is the result of lower personnel related costs and reduction
of software development expenses. 

Intangible
Asset Impairment. The intangible asset impairment was zero 0) for the year ended September 30, 2024, and 4.9 million for the prior
year. We recorded a finite-lived intangible asset of 4.9 million as a result of acquiring Enclave in the Business Combination. Our impairment
testing indicated the full value of this finite-lived intangible asset should be impaired as of September 30, 2023. Incurring impairment
neither indicated a decrease in our emphasis on Enclave as a key initiative nor did it suggest a lack of market interest in the product. 

Business
Combination related costs. Business Combination related costs were zero 0) in fiscal year 2024 and 214 thousand for the year ended September
30, 2023, which are attributed to an increase in the Second Tranche shares due to the Closing Working Capital Adjustment from the
Business Combination. 

Other
Income. Other Income was 41 thousand and 29 thousand for fiscal years 2024 and 2023 respectively, which reflect interest income
from the cash on deposit at our bank. 

Income
Tax Expense (Benefit). We recorded income tax expense of 5 thousand in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024, compared to
an income tax benefit of 379 thousand for the year ended September 30, 2023. The fiscal year 2024 expense is attributed to accruals for state income taxes in the various jurisdictions where
we have customers, employees, or property while the fiscal year 2023 benefit occurred because of a favorable
difference between actual and projected tax accounting at the time of the Business Combination. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

During
fiscal year 2024, we incurred a net loss of 904 thousand, and we had 307 thousand of cash provided by operations. Our primary source
of liquidity and capital resources has been the 1.1 million of cash at the beginning of fiscal year 2024 supplemented with the cash
provided by operations during the fiscal year. We had an accumulated deficit of 19.8 million as of September 30, 2024. Three (3) non-operational
expenses related to the Business Combination totaling 16.8 million are included in our accumulated deficit. The non-operational expenses
are 6.2 million for the contingent consideration and business combination related costs, 5.7 million for the impairment of goodwill
recorded as a result of the Business Combination, and 4.9 million for the impairment of intangible assets. 

The
following table summarizes, for the periods indicated, selected items in our Statements of Cash Flows: 

(In
 thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Net
 cash provided by (used in): 

Operating
 activities 
 307 
 (1,945 
 
 Investing
 activities 
 (265 
 (32 
 
 Financing
 activities 
 (50 
 - 
 
 Total
 Cash Provided / (Used) 
 (8 
 (1,977 

Operating
Activities . Net cash provided by operations for the year ended September 30, 2024, was 307 thousand as compared to 1.9
million used in operations for the year ended September 30, 2023. During fiscal year 2024, we recorded net, non-cash charges of 755
thousand for depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation expense. Our net accounts receivable decreased by 102 thousand
due to earlier payment of invoices by our clients and we experienced a 235 thousand increase in deferred
revenue because of an increase in clients paying in advance of receiving software and services. 

Investing
Activities . We purchased short-term investments of 250 thousand in the form of time deposits and used 15 thousand on the
purchase of fixed assets related to the upgrade of our website during the twelve months ended September 30, 2024. 

Financing
Activities . We paid a 50 thousand note to Akash Desai in December 2023. The note was related to a December 2021
agreement for the redemption of Mr. Desai s interest in SideChannel LLC. The December 2023 payment completed our obligations to
Mr. Desai. 

As
of September 30, 2024, we had 1.3 million in cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments; and our working capital was 1.4 million. We believe that our existing cash balances
are sufficient to fund our operations through at least December 31, 2025. 

35 

We
expect to continue to generate cash flow from operations during fiscal year 2025; however, if this does not materialize, then our operations
will be funded with our existing cash balance. We intend to manage our business such that our expenses will allow us to sustain positive
cash flow from our operations, but we cannot assure this will occur. We don t currently have any credit facilities available to
us; however, we have had discussions with several lenders about establishing a line of credit secured by our accounts receivable. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and
related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to
long-lived assets, goodwill, identifiable intangibles and deferred income tax assets and liabilities including their related
valuation allowances. We base our estimates on historical experience and on appropriate and customary assumptions that we believe to
be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Some of these accounting estimates and assumptions are
particularly sensitive because of their significance to our consolidated financial statements and because of the possibility that
future events affecting them may differ markedly from what had been assumed when the financial statements were prepared. 

Goodwill,
Intangible and Long-Lived Assets 

We
account for goodwill and intangible assets in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 350 (Intangibles-
Goodwill and Other). Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful economic life and are carried at cost less
accumulated amortization. Goodwill is assessed for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter, on a reporting unit basis, or
more frequently when events and circumstances occur indicating that the recorded goodwill may be impaired. As a part of the goodwill
impairment assessment, we have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the
fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If, as a result of our qualitative assessment, we determine this is
the case, we are required to perform a goodwill impairment test to identify potential goodwill impairment and measure the amount of goodwill
impairment loss to be recognized. The test is discussed below. If, as a result of our qualitative assessment, we determine that it is
more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amounts, the goodwill impairment test is
not required. 

The
quantitative goodwill impairment test, used to identify both the existence of impairment and the amount of impairment loss, compares
the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its
carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is considered not impaired. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its
fair value, an impairment loss shall be recognized in an amount equal to that excess, limited to the total amount of goodwill
allocated to that reporting unit. The goodwill impairment assessment is based upon the income approach, which estimates the fair
value of our reporting units based upon a discounted cash flow approach. This fair value is then reconciled to our market
capitalization at year end with an appropriate control premium. The determination of the fair value of our reporting units requires
management to make significant estimates and assumptions including the selection of control premiums, discount rates, terminal
growth rates, forecasts of revenue and expense growth rates, income tax rates, changes in working capital, depreciation,
amortization and capital expenditures. Changes in assumptions concerning future financial results or other underlying assumptions
could have a significant impact on either the fair value of the reporting unit or the amount of the goodwill impairment charge.
Goodwill was 1.4 million at both September 30, 2024, and 2023. The fair value of the goodwill at September 30, 2024, as determined
by our impairment analysis, was in excess of the carrying value; thus, we had no impairment of goodwill in fiscal year
2024. 

We
did not record indefinite-lived intangible assets in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 

36 

Long-lived
assets, which consist of finite-lived intangible assets and property and equipment, are assessed for impairment whenever events or changes
in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable or that the useful lives of these
assets are no longer appropriate. Each impairment test is based on a comparison of the estimated undiscounted cash flows to the recorded
value of the asset. If impairment is indicated, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value. The cash flow estimates used to
determine the impairment, if any, contain management s best estimates using appropriate assumptions and projections at that time.
We have 33 thousand in property and equipment at September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, and 2023, finite-lived intangibles and long-lived
assets were zero 0) and zero 0), respectively. The intangible impairment was 4.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2023.
We recorded a finite-lived intangible asset of 4.9 million as a result of acquiring Enclave through the Business Combination. The difficulty
of projecting the amount and timing of future revenues caused us to conclude a full impairment of the asset was appropriate. Incurring
impairment in fiscal year 2023 neither indicated a decrease in our emphasis on Enclave as a key initiative nor did it suggest a lack
of market interest in the product. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
did not have during the periods presented, nor do we currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined under applicable SEC
rules. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The
Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company, as defined
in Rule 229.10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. 

37 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SIDECHANNEL,
INC. 

TABLE
 OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID Number 587) 
 
 39 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 40 

Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 41 

Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 42 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 43 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 44 

38 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of SideChannel, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of SideChannel, Inc., (the Company) as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and
the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the
years in the two-year period ended September 30, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial
statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
the Company as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended September 30, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. We determined
that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
 2021. 

December 12, 2024 

RBSM LLP (PCAOB ID Number) 

39 

SIDECHANNEL,
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In
thousands, except share and per share data) 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts receivable, net 

Deferred costs 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Fixed assets 

Goodwill 

Deferred costs 
 - 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Promissory note payable 
 - 

Income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Other liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) 
 - 
 - 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

40 

SIDECHANNEL,
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (In
thousands, except share and per share data) 

Twelve Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative 

Selling and marketing 

Research and development 

Intangible asset impairment 
 - 

Business Combination related costs 
 - 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income, net 

Net loss before income tax expense 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net loss 

Net loss per common share basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

41 

SIDECHANNEL,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (In thousands, except share data) 

Preferred Shares 
 Preferred Par Value 
 Common Shares 
 Common Par Value 
 APIC 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Equity 

For the Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Preferred Shares 
 Preferred Par Value 
 Common Shares 
 Common Par Value 
 APIC 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Equity 
 
 Balance at September 30, 2022 
 
 - 

Shares issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 

- 

Conversion of Preferred to Common 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Business Combination Contingent Consideration 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at September 30, 2023 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued for 2021 Investor Warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Legal settlement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at September 30, 2024 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

42 

SIDECHANNEL,
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In
thousands) 

2024 
 2023 

Twelve Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash flows provided by / (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Legal settlement paid in stock 

Stock-based compensation and payments for services, net 

Provision for doubtful accounts 
 - 

Business Combination Costs 
 - 

Intangible asset impairment 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of short-term investments 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of fixed assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Payment of note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 - 

INCREASE / (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH, END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Stock-based compensation included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 - 

Shares Issued for Services 

Purchase of RSUs sold by employees to pay for taxes due on vested RSUs 

43 

SIDECHANNEL,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024, AND 2023 

 (Amounts
shown in thousands, except shares and per share amounts) 

to 
per hour. Each of our vCISOs is generally embedded into the C-suite executive teams of two (2) to four (4) of our clients. We
augment our vCISO offering with a full range of other cybersecurity products and services including those delivered by our security
engineer employees and independent contractors in addition to reselling services and software provided by third-parties. 

On
July 1, 2022, (the Closing Date the Company, then known as Cipherloc Corporation, a Delaware corporation, completed
its acquisition (the Business Combination of all the outstanding equity securities of SideChannel, Inc., a
Massachusetts corporation pursuant to an Equity Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 16, 2022 (the Purchase
Agreement ). On September 9, 2022, SideChannel, Inc. the acquired Massachusetts corporation and a subsidiary of the
registrant, changed its name to SCS, Inc. (the Subsidiary or SCS and Cipherloc Corporation, the
Delaware parent company of the subsidiary has changed its name to SideChannel, Inc. Following the closing of the Business
Combination, SCS, Inc. became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. As used herein, the words the Company refers
to, for periods following the Business Combination, SideChannel, Inc., together with its subsidiaries. 

Our
headquarters are located at 146 Main Street, Suite 405, Worcester, MA, 01608. Our website is www.sidechannel.com . 

thousand which includes thousand of non-cash
expenses for depreciation, amortization, and stock-based compensation. Our operating activities generated thousand in cash for the
year ended September 30, 2024, and our cash balance decreased by thousand during that same period after using thousand of cash
for investing and financing activities, including the purchase of thousand in short-term investments. We may incur continued net
losses until we generate revenues in excess of our expenses; however, we intend to manage our business such that our current cash balance
and net cash provided by operations will allow us to sustainably fund our business. We cannot be certain that this will be achieved. We
don t currently have any credit facilities available to us. 

We have determined that substantial doubt does not exist about our ability to continue as a going concern through
December 31, 2025. 

change in the amount of the allowance for credit
losses. There was bad debt expense recorded for the years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 

impairment of goodwill. 

None
of the goodwill associated with the Business Combination is deductible for income tax purposes. 

We
did not record indefinite-lived intangible assets in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. 

Long-lived
assets, which consist of finite-lived intangible assets and property and equipment, are assessed for impairment whenever events or changes
in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable or that the useful lives of these
assets are no longer appropriate. Each impairment test is based on a comparison of the estimated undiscounted cash flows to the recorded
value of the asset. If impairment is indicated, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value. The cash flow estimates used to
determine the impairment, if any, contain management s best estimates using appropriate assumptions and projections at that time. 

We
recorded 
million of finite-lived intangible assets in the form of Acquired In Process Research Development AIPR D as a result of acquiring Enclave in the Business Combination as of September 30, 2022. Under ASC 805, AIPR D are initially
recognized at fair value and classified as finite-lived assets until the successful completion or abandonment of the associated
research and development efforts. During the development period, these assets will not be amortized as charges to earnings; instead,
these assets will be tested for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if impairment indicators are identified. An
impairment loss is measured based on the excess of the carrying amount over the asset s fair value. Our impairment testing as
of September 30, 2023, indicated the full value of this finite-lived intangible asset was impaired. The difficulty of projecting the
amount and timing of future revenues caused us to conclude a full impairment of the asset was appropriate. The million of
intangible asset impairment charge recorded during fiscal year 2023 neither indicated a decrease in our emphasis on Enclave as a key
initiative nor did it suggest a lack of market interest in the product. The Company did not record any finite-lived intangible asset
impairment for the year ended September 30, 2024. 

Performance
Obligations 

A
performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the client and is the unit of accounting
in Topic 606. A significant portion of our revenue is from clients with whom we have a Master Service Agreement MSA ).
Each MSA generally contains one or more Statement(s) of Work SOW ). Each SOW specifies the products and services and their respective transaction prices. We refer to an MSA and its SOW(s)
as a Contract . Our Contracts generally contain monthly service subscriptions, annual software licenses, time and material
based billing, or fixed fee projects. 

A
Contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation. For Contracts with multiple performance obligations,
we allocate the Contract s transaction price to each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling price. 

Revenue
is recognized over a period of time for monthly service subscriptions and software licenses. Revenue is recognized at a point in
time when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied for fixed fee projects and time and material based billing. The assets we create for our clients do not have alternative uses to SideChannel and our Contracts created a right
to payment for work completed. Each of the fixed fee project performance obligations we delivered in fiscal year 2024 were accompanied
by an upfront payment. Our determination for point in time revenue recognition is based upon client acceptance of the performance obligation. 

We
do not have any material variable consideration arrangements, client-specific acceptance criteria, or any material payment terms with
our clients other than standard payment terms which generally range from net 15 to net 45 days. 

Principal vs Agent 

We resell the software and services provided by third-parties.
When we have discretion over the pricing used in the Contracts with our clients then we deem ourselves to be the principal for purposes
of revenue recognition and record revenue on a gross basis using the price specified in the Contract. This is the case for almost all
of the third-party software and services we sell. Also consistent in our determinations to recognize revenue as the principal is our ability
to direct the third-party to provide the service to the client on our behalf. 

Occasionally, we receive a commission from the sale
of third-party software and services in which case we are an agent and record revenue on a net basis equal to the amount of the commission
earned. 

Contract
Balances 

We
record accounts receivable at the time of invoicing. To the extent that we do not recognize revenue at the same time as we invoice,
we record a liability for deferred revenue. In certain instances, we also receive customer deposits in advance of invoicing and
recording of accounts receivable. Deferred revenue and customer deposits are included in current liabilities on our consolidated
balance sheets. In these instances, the recognition of revenue is deferred until we have determined that we have satisfied
our performance obligations under the Contract. 

Costs
to Obtain a Contract with a Customer 

The costs we incur associated with obtaining contracts with customers are marketing costs incurred with third-party service providers
and sales commissions that we pay to our employees, contractors, or third-party sales representatives. Commissions are calculated based
on set percentages of the revenue value of each product or service sold. Commissions are considered earned by our internal sales personnel
at the time we recognize revenue for a particular transaction. Commissions are considered earned by third-party sales representatives
at the time that revenue is recognized for a particular transaction. We record commission expense in our consolidated statements of operations
at the time the commission is earned. Commissions earned but not yet paid are included in current liabilities on our balance sheets. 

Following
the guidance of ASC Topic 842, we are not required to record ROU assets and operating lease liabilities. 

See
Note 8 for further disclosures regarding our leases. 

t record any liabilities for uncertain tax positions
during the years ended September 30, 2024, or 2023. 

capitalized costs, expenditures expensed, and losses related to carbon offsets and renewable energy credits or certificates if they are
used as a material component of a registrant s plans to achieve its disclosed climate-related targets or goals; and 

whether estimates and assumptions used to produce the financial statements were materially impacted by risks and uncertainties associated
with severe weather events and other natural conditions or any disclosed climate-related targets or transition plans. 

The
footnote disclosures are effective for annual filings for the year ended September 30, 2026. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of the adoption of the rule. 

shares of the Company s common stock (the First Tranche
Shares ), and shares of the Company s newly designated Series A Preferred Stock, par value (the Series
A Preferred Stock ). The Sellers were entitled to receive up to an additional shares of the Company s common stock
(the Second Tranche Shares and together with the First Tranche Shares and the Series A Preferred Stock, the Shares at such time that the operations of the Subsidiary, as a subsidiary of the Company, achieved at least million in revenue (the Milestone for any twelve-month period occurring after the Closing Date and before the 48-month anniversary of the execution of the Purchase Agreement.
The Second Tranche shares were valued using the closing price on July 1, 2022, of per share which resulted in a fair value of 
million. 

The
number of the Second Tranche Shares was increased, based upon the Subsidiary s working capital as
of the Closing Date was more than zero. 

As
previously disclosed in Form 8-K dated May 9, 2023, a total of shares of common stock were issued for the Second Tranche and
Closing Working Capital Adjustment. 

Time deposits 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Time deposits 
 
 - 
 
 Total short-term investments 
 
 - 

For
more information about the fair value of the Company s financial instruments, see Note 9. 

million shares of the Company s common stock and agreed to reimburse Paulson for all reasonable and documented expenses
incurred by Paulson in connection with providing such services. The fair value of the shares issued was 
thousand which Cipherloc recognized as deferred costs which are amortized at a rate of 
thousand per quarter. The Company expensed 
thousand in each of the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023. The unamortized balance of the deferred costs was 
thousand at September 30, 2024. 

t have identifiable intangible assets at September 30, 2024. 

square feet of office space at 146 Main Street
in Worcester, Massachusetts, with the 
 Our current lease payment is per month. The lease allows
for a 2 increase effective at the beginning of each renewal period. 

Operating
lease payments are included in cash outflows from operating activities on our consolidated statements of cash flows. 

Operating lease expenses were thousand and thousand for
the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 

We
have made an accounting policy election not to apply the recognition requirements of ASC Topic 842 (Leases) to short-term leases (leases
with a term of one year or less at the commencement date of the lease). Lease expense for short-term lease payments is recognized on
a straight-line basis over the lease term. We do not have any long-term operating leases or financing leases as of September 30, 2024. 

We
expect to pay approximately thousand over the next twelve (12) months for the Worcester lease . 

- 
 
 - 

Total Short-term investments 
 
 - 
 
 - 

September 30, 2023 

Carrying 
 Fair Value Measured Using 
 Fair 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Amount 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Value 
 
 Short-term investments 

Time deposits: 91 - 360 days 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total Short-term investments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

The entire balance of time deposits maturing in 91 to 360 days are certificates
of deposit issued by a bank at which total deposits exceed the FDIC limit of thousand. 

thousand, without interest, in exchange for Mr. Desai s right, title, and interest in us. Mr.
Desai was paid thousand at the execution of the Desai Redemption Agreement and the remaining thousand was paid in December 2023. 

and shares of common stock outstanding, respectively, and were authorized
to issue shares of common stock at a par value of . 

Common
Stock Issued for Cash 

We
did t issue shares of common stock for cash during the years ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023. 

Common
Stock Issued for Business Combinations 

On
May 4, 2023, we issued a total of shares of common stock for the Second Tranche shares) and Closing Working Capital
Adjustment shares). 

shares were issued for Business Combinations in fiscal year 2024. 

Common
Stock Issued for Services 

Until
March 31, 2024, our Board of Directors elected to have each of its members receive one-half of such member s quarterly compensation
in the form of shares of the Company s common stock instead of cash. We also use stock as a form of compensation for independent
contractors who provide professional services to us in sales, marketing, or administration. During fiscal year 2024, the fair market
value of stock issued for services totaled thousand for shares of common stock compared to thousand for shares
of common stock in fiscal year 2023. 

Our
Board of Directors elected to cease receiving quarterly compensation in the form of shares of the Company s common stock after
April 1, 2024. 

Common
Stock Issued Under Equity Incentive Plan 

We
issued shares of common stock for restricted stock units RSUs that vested during the year ended September
30, 2024. The number of RSUs sold by these employees to fund payroll taxes for the year September 30, 2024, was . 

Common
Stock Issued for Tender Offer 

On
August 22, 2023, the Company commenced a Tender Offer for the 
 Warrants subject to our Offer to Exchange. A new
Tender Offer Offer to Exchange was filed on November 7, 2023. 

We closed the
November 7 Offer to Exchange on December 26, 2023, resulting in the issuance of 
 shares of common stock and 
 new warrants in exchange for 2021 Investor Warrants totaling . 

Preferred
Stock 

As
of September 30, 2024, and 2023, we had zero shares of preferred stock outstanding. 

Warrants 

Granted 

Tendered during November 2023 Warrant Exchange 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 

Canceled/Forfeited 

Outstanding at September 30, 2023 

Outstanding at September 30, 2023 

Granted through November 2023 Warrant Exchange 

Tendered during November 2023 Warrant Exchange 

Exercised 

Canceled/Forfeited 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Cybersecurity software and services 

Total 

Deferred
Revenue 

Deferred
revenue is comprised of payments received from our clients and customers for products or services in advance of receiving the product
or service and primarily occurs for annual software and service contracts including Enclave. While software contracts can be initiated
at any time of year, most of our annual agreements renew in our second fiscal quarter ending March 31. 

The deferred revenue is expected to be
earned within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

Deferral
 of revenue 

Recognition
 of revenue 

Balance
 at September 30, 2023 

Year
 Ended September 30, 2024 

Balance
 at September 30, 2023 

Deferral
 of revenue 

Recognition
 of revenue 

Balance
 at September 30, 2024 

of our revenue during the years ended September 30, 2024, or 2023. 

We
did not have any customers with an accounts receivable balance that exceeded of accounts receivable at September 30, 2024. 

We maintain our cash and cash equivalents
in accounts held by a highly reputable financial institution which, at times, may exceed federally insured limits as guaranteed by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). The FDIC insures these deposits up to thousand. As of September 30,
2024, approximately thousand of our cash and cash equivalent balance was uninsured. We have not experienced any losses on cash. 

thousand and thousand to RealCISO for licenses, respectively. 

We
also received thousand and thousand from RealCISO for software development services that we provided Real CISO during fiscal
years 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

On
October 13, 2023, the Association of the US Army AUSA signed an agreement for a cybersecurity risk assessment for approximately
 thousand. On February 15, 2024, the President of AUSA, Retired U.S. Army General Robert Brown, joined our Board. On July 8, 2024,
AUSA signed an agreement for recurring vCISO Services which will generate approximately thousand of annual revenue for the Company. 

No
other related party transactions occurred during the years ending September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023. 

million shares for awards. The 2021 Equity Incentive
Plan also allows for an annual increase in the reserve up to an amount approximately equal to five percent of the fully diluted outstanding shares at the end of the prior calendar year. On June 29, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized an
 
 increase in the shares reserved for the 2021 Equity
Incentive Plan. On February 15, 2024, the Board of Directors authorized an increase of 
 in the shares reserved for the 2021 Equity Incentive
Plan. Awards granted under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan in lieu of compensation are exempt from counting against the reserve. 

Non-exempt Awards 

Forfeitures 

Annual Reserve Increases 

Reserve at September 30, 2024 

Reserve percent of outstanding shares at September 30, 2024 

We
typically have granted RSUs and stock options with a -year,
service-based vesting period. Our unvested RSUs and stock options are accounted for based on their grant date fair value. As of
September 30, 2024, total compensation expense to be recognized in future periods was 
thousand. That cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining vesting period. 

Our
total stock-based compensation expense for the year ended September 30, 2024, was 
thousand, comprised of 
thousand for shares issued for services and 
thousand for the amortization of outstanding equity compensation grants. 

Certain
employees opted to sell RSUs back to the Company at the fair market value on the vesting date to fund their portion of payroll taxes
due on the taxable income generated by the vested RSUs. For the year ended September 30, 2024, we purchased RSUs with a vesting date
value of thousand. Our Statement of Stockholders Equity reflects the net increase of thousand as of September 30, 2024, or
 thousand of total stock-based compensation expense, less the thousand of RSUs purchased. 

We
incurred stock-based compensation expense of thousand for the year ended September 30, 2023, which is comprised of thousand
for shares issued for services and thousand for the amortization of outstanding equity compensation grants. For the year ended September
30, 2023, we purchased RSUs with a vesting date value of thousand. 

Stock-based
compensation of thousand, thousand, and thousand was included in general and administrative expense, selling and
marketing expense, and research and development expense respectively in our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for
the year ended September 30, 2024. 

Restricted
Stock Units 

We
record compensation expense for RSUs based on the closing market price of our stock at the grant date and amortize the expense over the
vesting period which is typically three years. For RSUs, the Company recognizes compensation cost for unvested share-based awards on
a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. The fair value of stock awards is based on the quoted price of our common stock on the grant date. 

The
following table summarizes the activity of our RSUs granted under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan during the years ended September 30,
2024, and September 30, 2023. 

Granted 

Vested 

Canceled/Forfeited 

Outstanding Grants at September 30, 2023 

Outstanding Grants at September 30, 2023 

Granted 

Vested 

Canceled/Forfeited 

Outstanding Grants at September 30, 2024 

The weighted-average remaining vesting period of RSUs
at September 30, 2024 was years. 

The total grant-date fair value of RSUs vested
during 2024 and 2023, was 
thousand, and 
thousand, respectively. The approximate aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs outstanding at September 30, 2024 was 
thousand. The approximate aggregate intrinsic values of RSUs awarded during 2024 and 2023 were 
thousand and 
thousand, respectively. Aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs represents the applicable number of awards multiplied by the
Company s closing share price on the last trading day of the relevant fiscal period. The Company s closing share price
was 
on September 30, 2024, and 
on September 30, 2023. 

Stock
Options 

We
record compensation expense for the stock options based on the fair market value of the options as of the grant date. 

The
fair value for stock options granted during the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions: 

Dividend yield 

Expected common stock market price volatility factor 

Weighted average expected live of stock options (years) 

Vested 

Canceled/forfeited 

Outstanding grants at September 30, 2024 

Stock
options were issued to our independent directors on June 10, 2024. Each of our four independent directors received million stock
options priced at with a -year vesting period, expiring on June 10, 2034. One independent director resigned from our Board on
June 18, 2024, resulting in the forfeiture of million stock options. 

The
weighted-average remaining vesting period of stock options at September 30, 2024, was years. 

million. We reached a preliminary agreement with the plaintiffs on November 13, 2024. A written settlement agreement was negotiated
and circulated to the plaintiffs on November 25, 2024. The execution of the settlement agreement is in progress and, when complete, will trigger the formal dismissal of the lawsuit. The terms of the
agreement require the Company to issue the plaintiffs a combined 
shares of common stock and pay a total of 
thousand in cash in six equal, quarterly installments of approximately 
thousand beginning on January 1, 2025, and ending on April 1, 2026. We estimate the cost of the settlement fee paid as stock to be
approximately 
thousand using the closing price of our common stock at September 30, 2024. A total of 
thousand of expense has been recognized in our results for the year ended September 30, 2024. 

State 

Total 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Total 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes, net 

Non-deductible meals entertainment 

Non-deductible contingent consideration 

Prior Year Adjustment 

State tax 

Loss of NOL due to statute 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

For
the years ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the difference between the amounts of income tax expense or benefit that would result from
applying the statutory rates to pretax income to the reported income tax expense of thousand for the year ended September 30, 2024
due to state income taxes payable to the jurisdictions in which we have nexus, and income tax benefit of thousand for the year ended
September 30, 2023. 

Deferred
income taxes result from temporary differences in the recognition of income and expenses for the financial reporting purposes and for
tax purposes. The tax effect of these temporary differences representing deferred tax asset and liabilities result principally from the
following: 

Federal 

Intangible asset not deductible for tax 

AIPR D capitalization 

Other 

Deferred compensation 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred income tax asset 

State 

2024 
 2023 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net operating loss carry forward 

Intangible asset not deductible for tax 

Other 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred income tax asset 

The
Company has a net operating loss carry forward of million
available to offset future taxable income, of which, million
will expire within the next five years, million
will expire thereafter, and the remaining million
will not expire. For income tax reporting purposes, the Company s aggregate unused net operating losses were subject to the
limitations of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended. The Company has adjusted the net operating losses incurred
prior to 2015 to reflect only the losses not subject to limitation. The Company has provided for a valuation reserve against the net
operating loss benefit, because in the opinion of management based upon the earning history of the Company, it is more likely than
not that the benefits will not be realized. For income tax reporting purposes, Management has determined that net operating losses
prior to February 5, 2015, are subject to an annual limitation of approximately thousand. 

Utilization
of the pre-Business Combination net operating loss carryforwards pre-Combination NOL s attributable to Cipherloc
may become subject to a substantial annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 due to ownership changes
occurred during the tax year associated with the Business Combination. 

The
Company is current on all its federal income tax filings. The Company is subject to IRS examinations for periods beginning after September
30, 2019, and all net operating losses we may use in future federal tax filings are subject to IRS examination. 

59 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive officer to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, the Company recognized
that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
the desired control objectives, and we necessarily are required to apply our judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of
possible disclosure controls and procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
of September 30, 2024, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Our CEO
and CFO have concluded, based upon the evaluation described above, that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective at the reasonable assurance level because of the material weaknesses discussed below. 

Notwithstanding
the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described below, our management has concluded that our consolidated
financial statements included in this Form 10-K are fairly stated in all material respects in accordance with GAAP. 

Material
Weaknesses 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. 

In
connection with the preparation of our audited financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2023, we identified material weaknesses
in our internal controls over financial reporting, as of September 30, 2023. These material weaknesses had not been fully remediated
as of September 30, 2024. The material weaknesses identified related to the fact that we did not design and maintain accounting policies,
procedures and controls to ensure complete, accurate and timely financial reporting in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Specifically, the material
weaknesses identified included the following: 

Did not design and maintain
 formal accounting policies, procedures and controls to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and
 disclosures, including controls over the preparation and review of account reconciliations, journal entries and classification of
 certain costs; 

We had not developed and
 effectively communicated to our employees our accounting policies and procedures, which resulted in inconsistent practices. Since
 these entity level programs have a pervasive effect across the organization, management has determined that these circumstances constitute
 a material weakness; 

We do not have sufficient,
 qualified finance and accounting staff with the appropriate U.S. GAAP technical accounting expertise to identify, evaluate and account
 for accounting and financial reporting, and effectively design and implement systems and processes that allow for the timely production
 of accurate financial information in accordance with internal financial reporting timelines. As a result, we did not design and maintain
 formal accounting policies, processes and controls related to complex transactions necessary for an effective financial reporting
 process; and 

As a high-growth, smaller
 reporting company that became responsible for listed financial reporting, we have a limited staff and budget available to adequately
 test and monitor the effectiveness of certain internal controls. 

60 

Remediation
Plan 

Our
management is actively engaged and committed to taking the steps necessary to remediate the control deficiencies that constituted the
material weaknesses. During fiscal year 2024, we made the following enhancement to our control environment: 

We continued documenting
 accounting policies, procedures and controls to achieve complete, accurate, and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures
 including controls over the preparation and review of account reconciliations, journal entries and classification of certain costs;
 and 

Our
remediation activities will continue during fiscal year 2025. In addition to the above actions, we expect to engage in additional activities,
including, but not limited to: 

Hiring additional qualified
 accounting staff to enable additional separation of duties; 

Engaging external consultants
 to provide support and to assist us in our evaluation of more complex applications of GAAP, and to assist us with documenting and
 assessing our accounting policies and procedures until we have sufficient technical accounting resources; 

Implementing business process-level
 controls across all significant accounts and information technology general controls across all relevant systems. This includes providing
 training for control owners that will present expectations as it relates to the control design, execution and monitoring of such
 controls, including enhancements to the documentation to evidence the execution of the controls; and 

We
continue to enhance corporate oversight over process-level controls and structures to ensure that there is appropriate assignment of
authority, responsibility, and accountability to enable remediation of our material weaknesses. We believe that our remediation plan
will be sufficient to remediate the identified material weaknesses and strengthen our controls. As we continue to evaluate, and work
to improve our controls, management may determine that additional measures to address control deficiencies or modifications to the remediation
plan are necessary. 

While
we have performed certain remediation activities to strengthen our controls to address the identified material weaknesses, control weaknesses
are not considered remediated until new internal controls have been operational for a period of time, are tested, and management concludes
that these controls are operating effectively. We will continue to monitor the effectiveness of our remediation measures in connection
with our future assessments of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures,
and we will make any changes to the design of our plan and take such other actions that we deem appropriate given the circumstances. 

61 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We
are engaged in the process of design and implementation of our internal control over financial reporting in a manner commensurate with
the scale of our operations subsequent to the Business Combination, including the enhancement of our internal and external technical
accounting resources (as well as to address the material weaknesses discussed above). However, the design of internal control over financial
reporting for our company post-business combination has required and will continue to require significant time and resources from management
and other personnel. As a result, management was unable, without incurring unreasonable effort or expense to fully assess our internal
control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act) during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 covered by this Form 10-K that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting, other than described herein. We are continuing
to take steps to remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, as discussed above. 

Inherent
Limitation on the Effectiveness of Internal Control 

Readers
are cautioned that internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations and may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Therefore, even effective internal control over financial reporting can only provide reasonable assurance with
respect to the financial statement preparation and presentation. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in
this annual report. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Information
regarding directors and executive officers of the Company, as well as the required disclosures with respect to the Company s audit
committee financial expert, is incorporated herein by reference to the information included in our Proxy Statement for our next Annual
Meeting of Stockholders which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year 2024. 

The
Company has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer. The complete text of this Code of Ethics is available on the SEC s EDGAR system as described in Part
IV, Item 15 of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Information
regarding executive compensation of our directors and officers, is incorporated herein by reference to the information included in our
Proxy Statement for our next Annual Meeting of Stockholders which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal
year 2024. 

62 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Information
regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and the Company s equity compensation plans are incorporated
herein by reference to the information included in our
Proxy Statement for our next Annual Meeting of Stockholders which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal
year 2024. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Information
regarding certain relationships and related transactions and director independence is incorporated herein by reference to the information
included in our Proxy Statement for our next Annual Meeting
of Stockholders which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year 2024. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Information
regarding principal accounting fees and services is incorporated herein by reference to the information included in
our Proxy Statement for our next Annual Meeting of Stockholders which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our
fiscal year 2024. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 Documents
 filed as part of this report: 

1. 
 Financial Statements 

The financial
 statements and schedules required by this Item 15 are set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

63 

(b) 
 Exhibits . The following
 exhibits are filed as a part of this report: 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Document 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Cipherloc Corporation, a Texas corporation and Cipherloc Corporation, a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 17, 2021). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Cipherloc Corporation, a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2021). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on September 30, 2021). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 6, 2022). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 6, 2022). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed herewith). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Cipherloc, a Texas corporation and the several purchasers of the Company s units (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 8, 2021). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated March 31, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 8, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Lockup Agreement between Cipherloc Corporation, a Texas corporation and the several purchasers of the Company s Units (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 8, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Placement Agent Agreement between Cipherloc Corporation, a Texas corporation and Paulsen Investment Company, LLC related to the Company s sole of Units incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Indemnification Agreement by and between the Company and Paulson Investment Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 8, 2021). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Letter Agreement with Paulson Investment Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2021). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Ryan Polk Executive Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 12, 2021). 
 
 10.10 
 
 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan approved by the Company s stockholders at the 2021 Annual Meeting held September 13, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on July 20, 2021). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Purchase Agreement between the Company and SideChannel, Inc. and The Sellers Therein and Brian Haugli, as the Seller Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 18, 2022). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Brian Haugli Executive Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2022). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Independent Contractor Agreement by and between the Company and Thomas Wilkinson (Thomas W. Wilkinson, CPA, PLLC) dated December 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 30, 2022). 

10.15 
 
 Ryan Polk 2023 Compensation Change Authorization (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2023). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Offer to Exchange Common Stock for Certain Outstanding Warrants, dated August 21, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(1)(A) to the Schedule TO filed on August 22, 2023). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Notice of Extension of the Offer to the Holders of the Warrants, dated September 19, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(1)(I) to the Schedule TO Amendment No. 2 filed on September 20, 2023. 
 
 10.18 
 
 Notice of Withdrawal of the Offer to the Holders of Warrants, dated November 3, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(1)(J) to the Schedule TO Amendment No. 3 filed on November 3, 2023). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Offer to Exchange Common Stock for Certain Outstanding Warrants, dated November 6, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(1)(A) to the Schedule TO filed on November 7, 2023). 
 
 10.20 
 
 2023 Common Stock Purchase Warrant as Amended on November 14, 2023, dated November 14, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(1)(F) to the Schedule TO Amendment No. 1 filed on November 14, 2023). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Offer to Exchange Common Stock and New Warrants for 2021 Investor Warrants and Amended on December 1, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (a)(1)(H) to the Schedule TO Amendment No. 2 filed on December 4, 2023). 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics for Directors, Officers and Employees of SideChannel and its Affiliates, dated August 8, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 12, 2019). 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page) 

64 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data
 File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in the Exhibit 101 attachments). 

Indicates management or compensatory plan or arrangement 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

EXHIBIT
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None 

65 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, there unto duly authorized. 

SideChannel, Inc. 

Date: December 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Brian
 Haugli 

Brian Haugli 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: December 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ryan Polk 

Ryan Polk 

Chief Financial Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

Each
person whose signature appears below hereby appoints Brian Haugli and Ryan Polk, and each of them, as attorney-in-fact with full power
of substitution to execute in the name and on behalf of the registrant and each such person, individually and in each capacity stated
below, one or more amendments to the annual report on Form 10-K, which amendments may make such changes in the report as the attorney-in-fact
acting deems appropriate and to file any such amendment to the annual report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

In
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: December 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Brian Haugli 

Brian Haugli 

President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director (principal
 executive officer) 

Date: December 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Ryan
 Polk 

Ryan Polk 

Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer
 and principal accounting officer) 

Date: December 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Deborah
 MacConnel 

Deborah MacConnel 

Chairwoman of the Board 

Date: December 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert Brown 

Robert Brown 

Director 

Date: December 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Nick Hnatiw 

Nick Hnatiw 

Chief
 Technology Officer and Director 

Date: December 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Hugh
 Regan, Jr. 

Hugh Regan, Jr. 

Director 

66 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

EXHIBIT 4.1 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As of September 30, 2024, SideChannel, Inc. (the Company had one class of security registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ):
its common stock, par value 0.001 per share Common Stock ). 

Description of Common Stock 

The following description of our Common Stock is a
summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Certificate of Incorporation,
as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation ), and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ). We encourage
you to read our Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law for additional
information. 

Description of Series A Preferred Stock 

The following description of our Series A Preferred
Stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Certificate
of Incorporation and our Bylaws. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, and the applicable provisions of the
Delaware General Corporation Law for additional information. 

Authorized Capital Shares 

Our authorized capital shares consist of 681,000,000
shares of Common Stock, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.001 par value per share Preferred Stock ). As of September
30, 2024, there were 225,975,331 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, and zero (0) shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued
and outstanding. 

Voting Rights 

Holders of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock
are entitled to one vote per share on all matters voted on by the stockholders, including the election of directors. Our Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws do not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. 

The Series A Preferred Stock contains a Board designation
right, which provides that the holders of the majority of the Series A Preferred Stock have the right to elect a majority of the Company s
Board of Directors. 

Dividend Rights 

Holders of our Common Stock are entitled to receive
dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors in its discretion out of funds legally available for
the payment of dividends. 

Liquidation Rights 

In the event of our liquidation, the holders of our
Common Stock will be entitled to share ratably in any distribution of our assets after payment of all debts and other liabilities and
the preferences payable to holders of shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding, if any. 

Applicable Anti-Takeover Law 

Set forth below is a summary of provisions in our Certificate
of Incorporation and the Bylaws that could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company. The following
description is only a summary, and it is qualified by reference our Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and relevant provisions of the
Delaware General Corporations Law. 

Blank Check Preferred Stock 

Our Certificate of Incorporation authorize the issuance
of 10,000,000 undesignated shares of Preferred Stock and permits our Board of Directors to issue Preferred Stock with rights or preferences
that could impede the success of any attempt to change control of the Company. For example, our Board of Directors, without stockholder
approval, may create or issue Preferred Stock with conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power of the holders of our
Common Stock as well as rights to such Preferred Stock, in connection with implementing a stockholder rights plan. This provision may
be deemed to have a potential anti-takeover effect, because the issuance of such Preferred Stock may delay or prevent a change of control
of the Company. Furthermore, shares of Preferred Stock, if any are issued, may have other rights, including economic rights, senior to
Common Stock, and, as a result, the issuance thereof could depress the market price of our Common Stock. 

No Cumulative Voting 

Our Articles of Incorporation and the Bylaws do not
provide holders of our Common Stock cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. The absence of cumulative voting could have
the effect of preventing stockholders holding a minority of our shares of Common Stock from obtaining representation on our Board of Directors.
The absence of cumulative voting might also, under certain circumstances, render more difficult or discourage a merger, tender offer or
proxy contest favored by a majority of our stockholders, the assumption of control by a holder of a large block of our stock or the removal
of incumbent management. 

Trading 

Our Common Stock is traded on OTCQB Venture Market
under the trading symbol SDCH . 

Transfer Agent 

The Company s transfer agent is
Computershare Limited, Canton, Massachusetts. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 
 SCS, Inc. 
 
 Massachusetts 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statements of SideChannel, Inc. on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-265892, 333-282361, and 333-260463) of our report dated December
12, 2024, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of SideChannel, Inc., as of September 30, 2024 and 2023
and for each of the years in the two-year period ended September 30, 2024, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of SideChannel, Inc., for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024. 

/s/
RBSM LLP 

RBSM
LLP 

 Las
Vegas, Nevada 

 December 12, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Brian Haugli, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K of SideChannel, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this
 report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the
 financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other
 certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 designed such internal control
 over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other
 certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
 registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 function): 

a. 
 all significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Dated: December 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Brian Haugli 

Brian Haugli 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Ryan Polk, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K of SideChannel, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this
 report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the
 financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other
 certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 designed such internal control
 over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other
 certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
 registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
 function): 

a. 
 all significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ryan Polk 

Ryan Polk 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Brian Haugli, Chief Executive Officer of SideChannel, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that (i) the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended September 30, 2024 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and (ii) the information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: December 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Brian Haugli 

Brian Haugli 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Ryan Polk, Chief Financial Officer of SideChannel, Inc. (the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that (i) the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
September 30, 2024 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and (ii) the information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: December 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ryan Polk 

Ryan Polk 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 sdch-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 sdch-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 sdch-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 sdch-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

