<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241210_10-K_edgar_data_1766016_0001712543-24-000074.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>430228</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>113551</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>15950</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>265954</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001712543-24-000074.hdr.sgml : 20241210
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241210085806
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001712543-24-000074
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241210

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Crucial Innovations, Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001766016
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EDUCATIONAL SERVICES [8200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-229638
		FILM NUMBER:		241537248

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		122 LEADENHALL STREET, 30TH FLOOR
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			EC3V 4AB
		BUSINESS PHONE:		44(0)207-043-1541

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		122 LEADENHALL STREET, 30TH FLOOR
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			EC3V 4AB

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001712543-24-000074.txt : 20241210

10-K
 1
 f10k_cinv12312023.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

(Mark One) 

 ANNUAL
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the year ended December 31, 2023 

 Or 

 TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from 
to 

 Commission File Number 333-229638 

CRUCIAL
INNOVATIONS CORP . 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Nevada 
 
 98-1446012 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 incorporation or organization) 

86-90 Paul Street, London, United Kingdom 
 
 EC2A 4NE 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

__________________________________________ 

(former address, if changed since last report) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: + 44 (0) 203 148 1452 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
No 

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
No 

 Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in the definitive proxy or information statement incorporated by reference in Part III of
this 10-K. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated
filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
No 

Approximate aggregate market value of common stock
held by non-affiliates of the registrant: 158,865,061 computed on the basis of 4.55 per share, the closing price of the registrant s
common stock on OTC Markets on June 30, 2023. For purposes of calculating this amount only, all directors and executive officers of the
registrant have been treated as affiliates. There were 74,417,002 shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value, outstanding
as of December 31, 2023, and 381,320,798 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of December 3, 2024. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 11 
 
 Item 1C 
 Cybersecurity 
 11 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 12 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 12 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 12 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 12 
 
 Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 12 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 13 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Information About Market Risk 
 16 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 29 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 29 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 30 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 30 
 
 PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 31 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 32 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 33 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 33 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 34 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 34 
 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 35 

2 

 Table of Contents 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 

The following Annual Report on Form 10-K 10-K for Crucial Innovations Corp. CINV or the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023 presents the Company
and its results of operations for the periods indicated therein. 

 Except as specifically designated herein, this 10-K does not reflect events
occurring after December 31, 2023 and the Company has not otherwise updated disclosures contained herein to reflect events that occurred
at a later date. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

PART I 

 Item 1. Business 

 The Company 

 Crucial Innovations Corp.
(collectively with our subsidiary, we, us, our, CINV or the Company ),
a Nevada corporation, was formed on February 28, 2018. We were initially engaged in the business of English language tutoring over the
Internet. However, we were not able to execute our original business plan, develop significant operations or achieve commercial sales.
During 2023, we determined to change our business to become a supplier and distributor of medical cannabis in Europe (see Significant
Events During 2023 below where we signed separate agreements to acquire a licensed grower and exporter of medical cannabis and associated
real property in South Africa). 

 Our principal office is
located at 86-90 Paul Street, London EC2A 4NE United Kingdom, and our telephone number is +44 (0) 203 148 1452. Our corporate website
is located at www.cinvcorp.com , although it does not constitute a part of this Annual Report. We make available free of charge
on our website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those
reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our shares have previously traded on the OTC Markets expert trading platform under the symbol CINV .
Following the filing of this annual report on Form 10-K and other reports as required by the SEC, we intend to re-apply to OTC Markets
to resume trading in our shares. 

 Competition 

 The medicinal cannabis
market in Europe is highly competitive. Some of those markets where we will seek to operate have relatively high barriers to entry due
to licensing requirements. We expect to compete directly with other cannabis producers and retailers, some of which operate only in a
specific market and some of which operate across several European markets. More broadly, CINV views manufacturers of other consumer products,
such as those in the pharmaceuticals, alcohol, tobacco, health and beauty and functional wellness industries, as potential competitors. 

 We may also face competition
from other companies that may have a longer operating history, a higher capitalization, additional financial resources, more manufacturing
and marketing experience, greater access to public equity and debt markets and more experienced management than the Company. Increased
competition by larger and better financed competitors could materially affect the business, financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

 Because of the relatively
early stage of the industry in which the Company seeks to operate, we will face additional competition from new entrants. If the number
of consumers of medical and adult-use cannabis in the countries in which the Company seeks to operate its business increases, the demand
for products will increase and the Company expects that competition will become more intense, as current and future competitors begin
to offer an increasing number of diversified products and as such countries make more cannabis licenses available. 

 We may not have sufficient
resources to maintain research and development, marketing, sales and customer support efforts on a competitive basis, which could materially
and adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of our operations. 

 Transfer and Disbursing Agent 

 We employ Securities Transfer
Corporation as our transfer agent to record transfers of our shares, maintain proxy records and to process distributions. The principal
business office of our transfer agent is 2901 N. Dallas Parkway, Plano, TX 75093. 

 Certifications 

 Certifications by our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer have been filed as exhibits to this annual report on Form 10-K as required by the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

 All statements contained
herein that are not historical facts including, but not limited to, statements regarding anticipated activity are forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and are based on the
beliefs and assumptions of Management, based on information currently available to Management. Actual results may differ materially. In
some cases, readers can identify forward-looking statements by words such as may, will, should, 
 expect, objective, plan, intend, anticipate, believe, 
 Management believes, estimate, predict, project, potential, forecast, 
 continue, strategy, or position or the negative of such terms or other variations of them or
by comparable terminology. In particular, statements, express or implied, concerning future actions, conditions, or events, future operating
results, or the ability to generate sales, income, or cash flow are forward-looking statements. 

 Among the factors that
could cause our actual results to differ materially from what we project or are anticipating are the following: 

our future financial performance, including our revenue, cost of revenue, and operating expenses; 

our ability to develop and maintain our production and distribution networks for our products; 

our ability to increase market share and market awareness of our business; 

our ability to develop new products and distribution methods in a rapidly changing industry; 

our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our intellectual property or proprietary business methods; 

our ability to comply with modified or new laws and regulations applying to our business; 

the attraction and retention of qualified employees and key personnel; 

our anticipated investments in sales and marketing and research and development; 

the sufficiency of our cash, cash equivalents, and investments to meet our liquidity needs; 

our ability to successfully defend litigation brought against us; and 

the increased expenses associated with being a public company. 

 We caution you that the
foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report. We further caution readers not to place
undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which statements are made pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995 and, as such, speak only as of the date made. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 An investment in our securities
involves certain risks relating to our structure and investment objectives. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only
ones facing the Company. You should carefully consider these risks, together with all of the other information included in this 10-K,
including our financial statements and the related notes thereto. 

 Additional risks and uncertainties
not presently known to us, or not presently deemed material by us, may also impair our operations and performance. 

 If any of the following
risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. If that happens,
the trading price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

 Our
shares are currently not traded on any exchange or quotation medium . Previously, our shares were traded on the OTC Markets
trading platform. Following the filing of this annual report on Form 10-K and other reports as required by the SEC, we intend to re-apply
to OTC Markets to resume trading in our shares. We cannot guarantee that OTC Markets will accept our application or that we will otherwise
qualify under the listing standards of OTC Markets. 

 If
our shares are able to resume trading, we could experience higher trading volumes and volatility in the future. This volatility may affect
the price at which you could sell our common stock and the sale of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely affect the
price of our common stock . This volatility may affect the price at which you could sell our common stock, and the sale
of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Our share price is expected to be volatile
and subject to significant price and volume fluctuations in response to market and other factors, including the other factors discussed
in Risks Related to our Business and Industry variations in our quarterly operating results from our expectations
or those of securities analysts or investors; downward revisions in securities analysts estimates; and announcement by us or our
competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments. 

 The
pricing and or trading volume of our common stock could decline if there are no independent analysts reports about our business .
In the event that our shares are able to resume trading, future sales of our common stock by our existing stockholders could cause our
share price to decline. Although our common stock was previously listed for trading on the OTC Markets trading platform, there has not
been a sustained history of trading in our common stock on this platform or in over-the-counter markets. Moreover, consistent
with Regulation M and other federal securities laws applicable to our listing, we have not consulted with our existing stockholders regarding
their desire or plans to sell shares in the public market. Further, we have also not discussed with potential investors their intentions
to buy our common stock in the open market. 

 We
may not pay dividends in the future . We have not paid dividends in the past and do not anticipate paying dividends in the
near future. We expect to retain our earnings to finance further growth and, when appropriate, retire debt. Any decision to pay dividends
on our common stock in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors (the Board and will depend on, among
other things, our results of operations, current and anticipated cash requirements and surplus, financial condition, any future contractual
restrictions and financing agreement covenants, solvency tests imposed by corporate law and other factors that the Board may deem relevant.
As a result, investors may not receive any return on an investment in our common stock unless they are able to sell their shares for a
price greater than that which such investors paid for them. 

 Future
sales or issuances of equity securities could decrease the value of our common stock, dilute investors voting power and reduce
our earnings per share . In the future, we may sell equity securities in one or more offerings (including through the sale
of securities convertible into equity securities and may issue equity securities in acquisitions and in exchange for services or for forgiveness
of debt). We cannot predict the size of future issuances of equity securities or the size and terms of future issuances of debt instruments
or other securities convertible into equity securities or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of our securities will have
on the market price of our common stock. 

 Additional issuances of our securities may
involve the issuance of a significant number of shares of common stock at prices less than the current market price for our shares. Issuances
of substantial numbers of shares of common stock, or the perception that such issuances could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market
prices of our common stock. Any transaction involving the issuance of previously authorized but unissued common stock, or securities convertible
into common stock, would result in dilution, possibly substantial, to security holders. 

 Sales of substantial amounts of our securities
by us or our existing shareholders, or the availability of such securities for sale, could adversely affect the prevailing market prices
for our securities and dilute investors earnings per share. A decline in the market prices of our securities could impair our ability
to raise additional capital through the sale of securities should we desire to do so. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 

 We
are an early-stage company with limited operating history and may never become profitable . We are an early-stage company
that seeks to operate in the medical cannabis market. Nevertheless, we have a limited operating history. We have limited financial resources
and minimal operating cash flow. Additionally, there can be no assurance that additional funding will be available to us for the development
of our business, which will require the commitment of substantial resources. Accordingly, you should consider our prospects in light of
the costs, uncertainties, delays and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in the early stages of development. Potential investors
should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties that a company with a limited operating history will face. In particular, potential
investors should consider that we may be unable to: 

successfully implement or execute our business plan; 

adjust to changing conditions or keep pace with increased demand; 

attract and retain an experienced management team; 

successfully integrate businesses that we acquire; or 

raise sufficient funds in the capital markets to execute our business plan, including product development,
licensing and approvals. 

 Certain
conditions or events could disrupt the Company's supply chains, disrupt operations, and increase operating expenses . Conditions
or events including, but not limited to, the following could disrupt the Company's supply chains and in particular its ability to deliver
its products, interrupt operations at its facilities, increase operating expenses, resulting in loss of sales, delayed performance of
contractual obligations or require additional expenditures to be incurred: (i) extraordinary weather conditions or natural disasters such
as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, fires, extreme heat, earthquakes, etc.; (ii) a local, regional, national or international outbreak of
a contagious disease, including COVID-19, H1N1 influenza virus, avian flu, or any other similar illness could result in a general or acute
decline in economic activity; (iii) political instability, social and labor unrest, war or terrorism, including the current conflict between
Russia and Ukraine and the conflict in Israel; or (iv) interruptions in the availability of basic commercial and social services and infrastructure
including power and water shortages, and shipping and freight forwarding services including via air, sea, rail and road. 

 Cannabis
laws, regulations, and guidelines are dynamic and subject to change . Cannabis laws and regulations are dynamic and subject
to evolving interpretations which could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or alter certain aspects of our
business plan. It is also possible that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to certain of our products
and/or aspects of our businesses. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can
we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could
have on our business. We expect that the legislative and regulatory environment in the cannabis industry internationally will continue
to be dynamic and will require innovative solutions to try to comply with this changing legal landscape in this nascent industry for the
foreseeable future. Compliance with any such legislation may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

 Public opinion can also exert a significant
influence over the regulation of the cannabis industry. A negative shift in the public's perception of the cannabis industry could affect
future legislation or regulation in different jurisdictions. 

 Demand
for cannabis and derivative products could be adversely affected and significantly influenced by scientific research or findings, regulatory
proceedings, litigation, media attention or other research findings . The legal cannabis industry is at a relatively early
stage of its development. Consumer perceptions regarding legality, morality, consumption, safety, efficacy and quality of medicinal cannabis
are mixed and evolving and can be significantly influenced by scientific research or findings, regulatory investigations, litigation,
media attention and other publicity regarding the consumption of medicinal cannabis products. There can be no assurance that future scientific
research, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media attention or other research findings or publicity will be favorable to the
medicinal cannabis market or any particular product, or consistent with earlier publicity. Future research reports, findings, regulatory
proceedings, litigation, media attention or other publicity that are perceived as less favorable than, or that question, earlier research
reports, findings or publicity, could have a material adverse effect on the demand for medicinal cannabis and on our business, results
of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Further, adverse publicity reports or other media attention regarding cannabis in general
or associating the consumption of medicinal cannabis with illness or other negative effects or events, could have such a material adverse
effect. Public opinion and support for medicinal cannabis use has traditionally been inconsistent and varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
Our ability to gain and increase market acceptance of our business may require substantial expenditures on investor relations, strategic
relationships and marketing initiatives. There can be no assurance that such initiatives will be successful and their failure to materialize
into significant demand may have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Damage
to the Company's reputation can be the result of the actual or perceived occurrence of any number of events, and could include any negative
publicity, whether or not such publicity is accurate . The increased usage of social media and other web-based tools used
to generate, publish and discuss user-generated content and to connect with other users has made it increasingly easier for individuals
and groups to communicate and share opinions and views regarding the Company and its activities, whether true or not. Although the Company
believes that it operates in a manner that is respectful to all stakeholders and that it takes pride in protecting its image and reputation,
it does not ultimately have direct control over how it is perceived by others. Reputational loss may result in decreased ability to enter
into new customer, distributor or supplier relationships, retain existing customers, distributors or suppliers, reduced investor confidence
and access to capital, increased challenges in developing and maintaining community relations and an impediment to our overall ability
to advance our projects, thereby having a material adverse effect on our financial performance, financial condition, cash flows and growth
prospects. 

 We
are subject to the inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims, actions and litigation . As we are seeking to
become a distributor of products designed to be ingested by humans, we expect to face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability
claims, regulatory action and litigation if our products are alleged to have caused bodily harm or injury. In addition, the sale of medical
cannabis involves the risk of injury to consumers due to tampering by unauthorized third parties or product contamination. Adverse reactions
resulting from human consumption of our products alone or in combination with other medications or substances could occur. We may be subject
to various product liability claims, including, among others, that our products caused injury or illness, include inadequate instructions
for use or include inadequate warnings concerning health risks, possible side effects or interactions with other substances. Product liability
claims or regulatory actions against us could result in increased costs, could adversely affect our reputation with our clients and consumers
generally, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurances that
we will be able to obtain or maintain product liability insurance on acceptable terms or with adequate coverage against potential liabilities.
Such insurance is expensive and may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. The inability to obtain sufficient
insurance coverage on reasonable terms or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the
commercialization of our potential products. 

 The
Company's future products could have unknown side effects . If the products the Company sells are not perceived to have
the effects intended by the end user, its business may suffer and the business may be subject to products liability or other legal actions.
Many of the Company's products contain innovative ingredients or combinations of ingredients. There is little long-term data available
with respect to efficacy, unknown side effects and/or interaction with individual human biochemistry, or interaction with other drugs.
Moreover, there is little long-term data available with respect to efficacy, unknown side effects and/or its interaction with individual
animal biochemistry. As a result, the Company's future products could have certain side effects if not taken as directed or if taken by
an end user that has certain known or unknown medical conditions. 

 Negative outcomes of legal proceedings
may adversely affect our business and financial condition . Although we are currently not subject to any legal proceedings, we
expect that, as we develop our business, we may be involved in legal disputes in the countries in which we operate. dThese proceedings
may be complicated, costly, and disruptive to our business operations. We may incur significant expenses in defending these matters and
may be required to pay significant fines, awards, or settlements. In addition, litigation or other proceedings could result in restrictions
on our current or future manner of doing business. Any of these potential outcomes, such as judgments, awards, settlements, or orders
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, or ability to do business. 

 We are subject to anti-corruption,
anti-bribery, and similar laws, and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal penalties or significant fines and harm our
business and reputation . We are subject to anti-corruption and anti-bribery and similar laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or the FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, U.S. Travel Act,
the USA PATRIOT Act, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, and other anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in countries in
which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years and are interpreted
broadly and prohibit companies and their employees and agents from promising, authorizing, making, or offering improper payments or other
benefits to government officials and others in the private sector. As we expand our networks in Europe, Africa and internationally, our
risks under these laws may increase. Noncompliance with these laws could subject us to investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution,
other enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, significant fines, damages, other civil and criminal penalties or injunctions, adverse
media coverage, and other consequences. Any investigations, actions or sanctions could harm our business, results of operations, and financial
condition. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Failure
to develop our internal controls over financial reporting (ICFR) as we grow could have an adverse effect on our operations .
As we mature we will need to develop and improve our current internal control systems and procedures to manage our growth. We are required
to establish and maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting. Failure to establish appropriate controls, or any failure
of those controls once established, could adversely affect our public disclosures regarding our business, financial condition or results
of operations. In addition, management's assessment of ICFR may identify weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our ICFR
or other matters that may raise concerns for investors. 

 Required licenses, permits or approvals
may be difficult to obtain in the countries in which we seek to operate, and once obtained may be amended or revoked arbitrarily or may
not be renewed. To operate in the medical cannabis industry, we will be required to obtain approvals and licenses from national,
regional, and local governmental or regulatory authorities in the countries in which we operate or intend to sell. Even if obtained, licenses
are subject to review, interpretation, modification or termination by the relevant authorities. Any unfavorable interpretation or modification
or any termination of a required license may significantly harm our operations in the relevant country or may require us to close down
parts or all of our operations in the relevant country. 

 We can offer no assurance that the relevant
authorities will not take any action that could materially and adversely affect these licenses, permits or approvals. .We may experience
difficulties in obtaining or maintaining some of these licenses, approvals and permits, which may require us to undertake significant
efforts and incur additional expenses. If we operate without a license, we could be subject to fines, criminal prosecution or other legal
action. Any difficulties in obtaining or maintaining licenses, approvals or permits or the amendment or revocation thereof could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

 There
are tax risks the Company may be subject to in carrying on business in multiple jurisdictions . We and our subsidiaries
will operate and, accordingly, will be subject to income tax and other forms of taxation in multiple jurisdictions. We may be subject
to income taxes and non-income taxes in a variety of jurisdictions and our tax structure may be subject to review by both domestic and
foreign taxation authorities. Those tax authorities may disagree with our interpretation and/or application of relevant tax rules. A challenge
by a tax authority in these circumstances might require us to incur costs in connection with litigation against the relevant tax authority
or reaching a settlement with the tax authority and, if the tax authority's challenge is successful, could result in additional taxes
(perhaps together with interest and penalties) being assessed on us, and as a result an increase in the amount of tax payable by us. 

 Taxation laws and rates which determine
taxation expenses may vary significantly in different jurisdictions, and legislation governing taxation laws and rates are also subject
to change. Therefore, our earnings may be affected by changes in the proportion of earnings taxed in different jurisdictions, changes
in taxation rates, changes in estimates of liabilities and changes in the amount of other forms of taxation. The determination of our
provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities will require significant judgment (including based on external advice) as to the
interpretation and application of these rules. We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities or expenses. 

 Additionally, dividends and other intra-group
payments made by our subsidiaries or international branches may expose the recipients of such payments to taxes in their jurisdictions
of organization and operation and such dividends and other intra-group payments may also be subject to withholding taxes imposed by the
jurisdiction in which the entity making the payment is organized or tax resident. Unless such withholding taxes are fully creditable or
refundable, dividends and other intra-group payments may increase the amount of tax paid by us. Although the Company and its subsidiaries
arrange themselves and their affairs with a view to minimizing the incurrence of such taxes, there can be no assurance that we will succeed. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

We depend on our executive officers
and other key employees, and the loss of one or more of these employees or an inability to attract and retain other highly skilled employees
could harm our business. Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key employees,
and in particular on Jon Paul (JP) Doran, our founder and CEO, and senior management staff in the United Kingdom and elsewhere. We rely
on our leadership team in the areas of research and development, operations, security, marketing, sales, customer experience, general,
and administrative functions, and on individual contributors in our research and development and operations. From time to time, there
may be changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives, which could disrupt our business.
While we have employment agreements with our executive officers or other key personnel that require them to continue to work for us it
is not for any specified period and, therefore, they could terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of one or more of
our executive officers, especially our Chief Executive Officer, or key employees could harm our business. Changes in our executive management
team may also cause disruptions in, and harm to, our business. The Board s process are succession planning for senior executive
management is at an early stage and therefore the CEO is a particular key man dependency. This is mitigated by the fact
that he is a significant shareholder in the company. 

 Our
failure to raise additional capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations and invest in new enterprises in the future
could reduce our ability to compete successfully and harm our results of operations . Historically, we have funded our operations
and capital expenditures primarily through equity issuances and cash generated from our operations along with negotiating credit terms
with suppliers that allows to effectively match revenues from customers with supplier payment terms. Although we currently anticipate
that our existing cash and cash equivalents and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the foreseeable
future, we may require additional financing, and we may not be able to obtain debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if at all and
to manage any currency risk due to a mismatch in the currency of revenues, primarily Naira and those of expenses. If we raise equity financing
to fund operations or on an opportunistic basis, our stockholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests. If
we engage in debt financing, we may be required to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, force us to
maintain specified liquidity or other ratios or restrict our ability to pay dividends or make acquisitions. 

 Our business is subject to risks
associated with having operations in international markets, including foreign exchange fluctuations . While our financial statements
are presented in U.S. dollars, our operations are concentrated in the United Kingdom and South Africa. Our various commercial agreements
are denominated in a variety of currencies, including U.S. dollars, Great Britain Pounds Sterling, Euro, and South Africa Rand. We do
not employ hedging strategies, and are therefore subject to fluctuations in exchange rates, which can negatively impact the U.S. dollar
value of our assets, liabilities, and cash flows. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

 None. 

 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 

 Our operations and other
aspects of our business rely heavily on various information technology systems which are largely managed by third parties. We face significant
cybersecurity threats, which are continuously increasing in sophistication, including computer viruses, internal and external security
breaches, and other cyber-attacks. These threats could disrupt our operations, lead to the loss of confidential information, and hinder
our ability to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner. We have adopted a Cybersecurity Policy to create effective
administrative, technical, electronic, and physical protections to safeguard the personal information of Company personnel, confidential
information concerning our operations and the integrity of the Company s information systems. 

 We have created an Information
Security Team to implement and administer our Cybersecurity Policy. Among the duties and responsibility of our Information Security Team
are the following: 

Ensuring that all CINV personnel are aware of the Cybersecurity Policy and agree to adhere to its requirements; 

Establishing that information concerning the Company is stored on encrypted cloud-based servers accessible
only by authorized CINV personnel; 

Providing that all of the Company s information systems are backed up daily, with offline copies
available in the event that a major security issue arises; 

Testing and evaluating cybersecurity safeguards via the use of third-party information technology service
providers; 

Reviewing the security measures in the Company s Cybersecurity Policy annually or when there is
a change in applicable laws or regulations or in business activities of Equus; and 

Conducting training as necessary for all CINV personnel; and 

Reporting cybersecurity matters to our Board of Directors who provide oversight of our Information Security
Team. 

 We utilize third-party
services and tools for identifying, protecting against, and detecting cyber incidents, and also partner with external vendors to augment
our internal security capabilities. Additionally, we engage third-parties to conduct independent assessments of our cybersecurity infrastructure
to evaluate the efficiency and effectiveness of our detection capabilities, along with our response mechanisms, and overall risk management. 

 Our approach to managing
cybersecurity risks is part of a continuous improvement process, both in the context of cybersecurity and broader operational risk management.
This ongoing process, which includes personnel training, is aimed at routinely reviewing and, as necessary, improving, our oversight processes
and tools to ensure they remain effective and resilient in their management of cybersecurity risk. 

 Material Impact of Cybersecurity
Threats 

 While we have yet to experience
a material cybersecurity event, we acknowledge the persistent and evolving nature of these threats, which have the potential to materially
impact our business strategy, operations, and financial results adversely. We maintain robust policies and procedures focused on cybersecurity
incident management, ensuring timely communication and escalation to all relevant stakeholders. This enables faster response and effective
communication, including public disclosure if a material cybersecurity event were to occur. 

 Board of Directors Oversight 

 Our Board of Directors
oversees risks related to cybersecurity, including the security of our corporate, financial, and operations information and the steps
management is taking to monitor and control these risks. In the future, our Information Security Team will conduct regular meetings with
our independent directors to discuss various compliance matters, including any cybersecurity issues. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

Item 2. Properties 

 United
Kingdom . In the United Kingdom, CINV leases virtual office space at 86-90 Paul Street, London on a month-to-month basis. 

 South
Africa . In May 2023, we entered into an agreement to lease, at our option, a 17,000 square meter property in South Africa on
1.572 hectares of land where we intend to cultivate, harvest, and process medical cannabis products. Commencing June 30, 2023, we had
the right to occupy the property for a monthly lease payment of Five Thousand Great Britain Pounds Sterling (GBP 5,000). We commenced
occupancy of the property in September 2023. 

 Given the availability
of agricultural sites and commercial vacancies in other regions in which we expect to operate, we do not expect to incur difficulty procuring
additional farming, production, or office facilities. 

 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

 While we are not currently
subject to any legal proceedings, from time to time, the Company may become a party to certain proceedings incidental to the normal course
of our business. While the outcome of any potential legal proceedings cannot at this time be predicted with certainty, we do not expect
that any such proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

 Not applicable. 

 PART II 

 Item 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 Presently, our common stock
is not traded on any exchange or quotation medium. Previously, our common stock is listed on OTC Markets under the symbol CINV .
We had an estimated 500 stockholders as of September 13, 2024, 366 of whom were registered holders. Registered holders do not include
those stockholders whose stock has been issued in street name. 

 The following table reflects
the high and low closing sales prices per share of our common stock on the OTC per share for each of the three years ended December 31,
2023, by quarter: 

2023 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 

Q1 
 
 Q2 
 
 Q3 
 
 Q4 
 
 Q1 
 
 Q2 
 
 Q3 
 
 Q4 
 
 Q1 
 
 Q2 
 
 Q3 
 
 Q4 
 
 High 

4.55 

4.55 

4.55 

4.55 

12.25 

12.25 

12.25 

6.00 

8.00 

4.50 

12.00 

12.45 
 
 Low 

4.55 

4.55 

4.55 

4.55 

12.25 

12.25 

4.55 

4.55 

4.05 

3.20 

4.00 

7.00 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Crucial
Innovations Corp. (collectively with our subsidiary, we, us, our, CINV or the
 Company ), a Nevada corporation, was formed on February 28, 2018. We were initially engaged in the business of English language
tutoring over the Internet. However, we were not able to execute our original business plan, develop significant operations or achieve
commercial sales. During 2023, we determined to change our business to become a supplier and distributor of medical cannabis in Europe
(see Significant Events During 2023 below where we signed separate agreements to acquire a grower of medical cannabis and associated
real property in South Africa). 

 Our principal office is
located at 86-90 Paul Street, London EC2A 4NE United Kingdom, and our telephone number is +44 (0) 203 148 1452. Our corporate website
is located at www.cinvcorp.com , although it does not constitute a part of this Annual Report. We make available free of charge
on our website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those
reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our shares have previously traded on the OTC Markets expert trading platform under the symbol CINV .
Following the filing of this annual report on Form 10-K and other reports as required by the SEC, we intend to re-apply to OTC Markets
to resume trading in our shares. 

 Significant Events During 2023 

 On May 8, 2023, the Company
entered into an agreement to acquire all of the share capital of WLR Farming (Pty), Ltd, a company organized under the laws of South Africa
and a licensed grower and exporter of medical cannabis (hereinafter, WLR ), in exchange for (i) Six Million South Africa
Rand (ZAR 6,000,000) which amount was intended to be paid over twelve months from the date of agreement, and (ii) 500,000 shares of our
common stock. On March 5, 2024, we issued the owners of WLR an aggregate of 500,000 shares of our common stock. On November 8, 2024, this
agreement was amended to provide for the payment of Fifty Thousand Pounds in cash, together with the issuance of an aggregate of 1.25
million shares of common stock, inclusive of the 500,000 shares issued in March 2024. The cash payment obligation was satisfied on November
11, 2024. 

 On May 11, 2023, the Company
signed an agreement to to lease, at its option, 1.5782 hectares of land in South Africa for the purpose of growing and cultivating medical
cannabis in exchange for a commitment to pay Six Million South Africa Rand (ZAR 6,000,000). The Company has the right to occupy the property
commencing June 30, 2023 by paying a monthly lease payment of Five Thousand Great Britain Pounds Sterling (GBP 5,000). The Company commenced
occupancy of the property in September 2023. 

 Results of Operations 

 Year Ended December
31, 2023 Compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

 The Company s results
from operations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 and the changes between those periods for the respective items are summarized
as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

Change ) 
 
 Revenues 

Operating expenses 

38,090 

42,709 

(4,619) 
 
 Other expenses 

1,528 

896 

632 
 
 Net loss 

39,618 

43,605 

(3,987) 

The Company generated no
revenues for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. Operating expenses consist primarily of general and administrative expenses in
the amount of 36,404 and 4,191, professional fees of 1,686 and 38,518 for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

 Other expenses consist
of imputed interest expenses of 1,528 and 896 for the years ended December 31,2023 and 2022, respectively. 

 Our financial statements
report a net loss of 39,618 for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to a net loss of 43,605 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 The following tables
provides selected financial data about our company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

 Working Capital 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2023 

2022 

Change ) 
 
 Cash 

Current assets 

Current liabilities 

(114,087) 

(39,722) 

(74,365) 
 
 Working capital (Deficiency) 

(114,087) 

(39,722) 

(74,365) 

As of December 31,
2023 and 2022 , our current assets were 0, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, our current liabilities were 114,087 compared to 39,722
as of December 31, 2022. Our working capital deficiency was 114,087 as of December 31, 2023 compared to a working capital deficiency
of 39,722 as of December 31, 2022. The increase in working capital deficiency was the result of an increase in current liabilities primarily
due to an increase in amounts due on a lease liability. 

 Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31, 

2023 

2022 

Change ) 
 
 Cash flows used in operating activities 

(31,359) 

(34,670) 

3,311 
 
 Cash flows used in investing activities 

Cash flows provided by financing activities 

31,359 

34,670 

(3,311) 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on case 

Net change in cash during the period 

For the year ended December 31,
2023, net cash flows used in operating activities consisted of a net loss of 39,618, an increase in imputed interest on related party
loans of 1,528, an increase in accounts payable of 6,136, and change in right-of-use asset and lease liability of 595. For the year
ended December 31, 2022, net cash flows used in operating consisted of a net loss of 43,605, an increase in imputed interest on related
party loans of 896, a decrease in prepaid expenses of 10,750 and an increase in accounts payable of 2,711. 

During the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, there were no cash flows in investing activities. 

During the year ended December
31, 2023 and 2022, the cash flows from financing activies related to operating expenses paid by related parties. 

We expect our cash
on hand and proceeds received from our assets and operations will be insufficient to meet our anticipated liquidity needs for business
operations for the next twelve months, and that we will need to secure capital from various sources, including loans and sales of our
equity. There can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels or that we will be able to raise
additional financing to support our operating and compliance expenditures. Absent our success in obtaining operating capital from one
or more of these sources, there exists substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

 Our future cash
flows could be adversely affected by events outside our control, including, without limitation, changes in overall economic conditions,
regulatory requirements, demand for our products and services, availability of labor resources and capital, natural disasters, pandemics
and outbreaks of contagious diseases and other adverse public health developments, such as COVID-19, and other conditions. The foregoing
events, either individually or collectively, could affect our results. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

Contractual Obligations 

The Company has 1 lease classified
as an operating lease. 

As of December
31, 2023, future maturity of lease liabilities is as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 

2024 
 
 70,015 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

 Subsequent Events 

 Our Management performed
an evaluation of the Company s activity through the date the financial statements were issued, noting the following subsequent events: 

 On February 26, 2024, our Board
of Directors Board amended and restated our Articles of Incorporation to provide for an increase in the number of our
authorized shares of capital stock from 75,000,000 to 550,000,000, consisting of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001
per share, and 50,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. A copy of our amended and restated Articles
of Incorporation has been filed as an exhibit to this annual report on 10-K. 

On February 26, 2024, our Board
amended and restated our Bylaws, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K. 

On February 26, 2024, the Company s
Board of Directors adopted the Company s 2024 Equity Incentive Plan Incentive Plan ), the purpose of which was to
promote the interests of the Company by encouraging directors, officers, employees, and consultants of CINV to develop a long-term interest
in the Company, align their interests with that of our stockholders, and provide a means whereby they may develop a proprietary interest
in the development and financial success of the Company and its stockholders. The Incentive Plan is also intended to enhance the ability
of the Company and its subsidiaries to attract and retain the services of individuals who are essential for the growth and profitability
of the Company. The Incentive Plan permits the award of restricted stock, common stock purchase options, restricted stock units, and stock
appreciation awards. The maximum number of shares of our common stock that are subject to awards granted under the Incentive Plan is 350,000,000
shares. The term of the Incentive Plan will expire on February 25, 2034. Our Board of Directors, which serves as the administrator of
the Incentive Plan, has granted awards under the Incentive Plan to certain directors, executive officers, employees, and consultants in
the aggregate amount of 305,582,998 shares, all of which became fully-vested at the time of grant. We intend to account for share-based
compensation using the fair value method, as prescribed by ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . Accordingly, for restricted
stock awards that are immediately vested, we recognize expense associated with the award during the period in which the award is granted,
in an amount equal to the number of shares granted, multiplied by the closing trading price of the shares on the relevant grant date. 

On February 29, 2024, we added
three independent directors to our Board. 

On March 5, 2024, in connection
with our agreement to acquire WLR as described under Significant Events During 2023 above, we issued the owners of WLR an aggregate
of 500,000 shares of our common stock. 

On June 25, 2024, we issued an
aggregate of 1,320,798 restricted shares of common stock in connection with a private offering of our securities in accordance with the
requirements of Regulations D and S as adopted by the SEC. 

On August 1, 2024, we entered
into an agreement to acquire all of the outstanding share capital of Bearded Budz (Pty) Ltd, a licensed grower and exporter of cannabis
based in South Africa. 

Also on August 1, 2024, we added
a sixth director to our Board. 

On November 8, 2024, our
agreement to acquire WLR described under Significant Events During 2023 above was amended to provide for the payment of Fifty Thousand
Pounds 50,000) in cash, together with the issuance of an aggregate of 1.25 million shares of common stock, inclusive of the 500,000
shares issued in March 2024. The cash payment obligation was satisfied on November 11, 2024. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk 

 We are subject to
financial market risks, including changes in interest rates, lease rates, credit rates, and general debt terms. 

 We are subject to
risks regarding currency volatility and foreign exchange rates. In particular, we are subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates
between the U.S. dollar, our reporting currency, and currencies of countries where we market or source our products and services, which
presently consists principally of the South African Rand. Such fluctuations may result in significant increases or decreases in our reported
revenue and other results as expressed in dollars, and in the reported value of our assets, liabilities and cash flows. In addition, currency
fluctuation may adversely affect receivables, payables, debt, firm commitments and forecast transactions denominated in non-U.S. currencies.
In particular, transition risks arise where parts of the cost of sales are not denominated in the same currency of such sales. We currently
do not hedge this exposure. Fluctuation in exchange rates, depreciation of local currencies, changes in monetary and/or fiscal policy
or inflation in the countries in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects. 

 In addition to foreign
currency risk, our ability to generate operating cash flows at our parent company level depends on the ability of our subsidiaries to
upstream funds. South Africa and other countries in which we may operate have exchange controls that can, from time to time, place restrictions
on the exchange of local currency for foreign currency and the transfer of funds abroad. These controls and other controls that may be
implemented in the future could limit the ability of our subsidiaries to transfer cash to us and make us dependent upon external sources
of cash and credit. 

 We can offer no assurance
that additional restrictions on currency exchange will not be implemented in the future or that these restrictions will not limit the
ability of our subsidiaries to transfer cash to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 587) 
 
 F- 2 

Balance Sheets 
 
 F-4 

Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss 
 
 F-5 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 
 F-6 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F-1 

 Table of Contents 

New York Office: 
 
 805 Third Avenue 
 New York, NY 10022 
 212.838.5100 
 
 www.rbsmllp.com 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors
and 
Stockholders of Crucial Innovations Corp. 

 Opinion on the
Financial Statements 

 We have audited
the accompanying balance sheets of Crucial Innovations Corp. (the Company) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 and the related statements
of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2023, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

 Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial
statements, As of December 31, 2023, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 197,385, a net loss of 39,618 for the year ended December
31, 2023, and has not earned any revenues since inception that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3, is to fund operations through equity financing arrangements
and related party advances, all of which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

F-2 

 Table of Contents 

We conducted our
audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we
are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2024. 

/s/ RBSM
LLP 

New York ,
NY 

 December
 6, 2024 

New York, NY Washington DC Mumbai Pune, India
San Francisco, CA 

Houston, TX Boca Raton, FL Las Vegas, NV Beijing, China
Athens, Greece 

Member: ANTEA International with affiliated offices
worldwide 

F-3 

 Table of Contents 

CRUCIAL INNOVATIONS CORP. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Total Current Assets 

Right-of-use asset 
 67,634 

Total Assets 
 67,634 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLD ERS' DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 9,670 
 3,534 
 
 Convertible note and accrued interest 
 10,000 
 10,000 
 
 Lease liability 
 68,229 

Due to related parties 
 26,188 
 26,188 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 114,087 
 39,722 

Total Liabilities 
 114,087 
 39,722 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' Deficit 

Common stock: 500,000,000 authorized; 0.0001 par value, 74,417,002 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 7,441 
 7,441 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 143,491 
 110,604 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (197,385 
 (157,767 
 
 Total Stockholders' Deficit 
 (46,453 
 (39,722 
 
 Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit 
 67,634 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
audited financial statements 

F-4 

 Table of Contents 

CRUCIAL INNOVATIONS CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended 
 
 December 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Revenues 

Operating expenses 

Professional fees 
 1,686 
 38,518 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 36,404 
 4,191 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 38,090 
 42,709 

Loss from operations 
 (38,090 
 (42,709 

Other Expense 

Interest expense 
 (1,528 
 (896 
 
 Total other expense 
 (1,528 
 (896 

Net loss before taxes 
 (39,618 
 (43,605 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 
 (39,618 
 (43,605 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 
 (0.00 
 (0.00 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 74,417,002 
 40,356,728 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
audited financial statements. 

F-5 

 Table of Contents 

CRUCIAL INNOVATIONS CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 Years Ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance, December 31, 2021 32,417,002 
 3,241 
 87,910 
 (91,580 
 (429) 
 
 Common shares issued for share exchange agreement 42,000,000 
 4,200 
 (4,200 

Imputed interest on related party loans 
 
 896 
 
 896 
 
 Contribution - related party 
 
 25,982 
 
 25,982 
 
 Net loss 

(43,605 
 (43,605) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 74,417,002 
 7,441 
 110,604 
 (157,767 
 (39,722) 
 
 Contributions - related party 

31,359 
 
 31,359 

Imputed interest on related party loans 
 
 1,528 
 
 1,528 
 
 Net loss 

(39,618 
 (39,618) 
 
 Balance,December
 31, 2023 74,417,002 
 7,441 
 143,491 
 (197,385 
 (46,453) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
audited financial statements. 

F-6 

 Table of Contents 

CRUCIAL INNOVATIONS CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended 

December 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 
 (39,618 
 (43,605 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Imputed interest 
 1,528 
 896 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 10,750 
 
 Accounts payable 
 6,136 
 (2,711 
 
 Change in right-of-use asset and lease liability 
 595 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 (31,359 
 (34,670 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from related parties 
 31,359 
 34,670 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 31,359 
 34,670 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activity 

Recognition of right of use asset and lease liability 
 91,286 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
audited financial statements. 

F-7 

 Table of Contents 

CRUCIAL INNOVATIONS CORP. 

 NOTES TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION
OF BUSINESS 

 Crucial Innovations Corp. (referred as
the Company , we , our or us was incorporated in the State of Nevada and established
on February 28, 2018. We were initially engaged in the business of English language tutoring over the Internet. However, we were not able
to execute our original business plan, develop significant operations or achieve commercial sales. 

On May 8, 2023, the Company entered into
an agreement to acquire all of the share capital of WLR Farming (Pty), Ltd, a company organized under the laws of South Africa and a licensed
grower and exporter of medical cannabis (hereinafter, WLR ), in exchange for (i) Six Million South Africa Rand (ZAR 6,000,000)
which amount was intended to be paid over twelve months from the date of agreement, and (ii) 500,000 shares of our common stock. On March
5, 2024, we issued the owners of WLR an aggregate of 500,000 shares of our common stock. On November 8, 2024, this agreement was amended
to provide for the payment of Fifty Thousand Pounds 50,000) in cash, together with the issuance of an aggregate of 1.25 million
shares of common stock, inclusive of the 500,000 shares issued in March 2024. The cash payment obligation was satisfied on November 11,
2024. The acquisition was not completed during the year ended December 31,2023 until the owners of WLR transferred 100 WLR s shares
to the Company on April 2,2024. 

In connection with the agreement to acquire
WLR, we determined to change our business to become a supplier and distributor of medical cannabis in the United Kingdom and continental
Europe (See also Note 9 - Subsequent Events where we entered into an agreement to acquire Bearded Budz (Pty) Ltd., another grower
and exporter of medical cannabis, on August 1, 2024). 

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis of Presentation 

This summary of significant accounting policies of
the Company is presented to assist in understanding the Company s financial statements. The financial statements and notes are representations
of the Company s management who are responsible for their integrity and objectivity. These accounting policies conform to accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and have been consistently applied in the preparation
of the financial statements. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

For purposes
of balance sheet presentation and reporting of cash flows, the Company considers all unrestricted demand deposits, money market funds
and highly liquid debt instruments with an original maturity of less than 90 days to be cash and cash equivalents. The Company did not
have any cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Foreign
Currency 

The Company maintains its books and record in its
local currency, United States dollars USD or ), which is a functional currency as being the primary currency
of the economic environment in which its operation is conducted. Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency
are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency using the applicable exchange
rates at the balance sheet dates. The resulting exchange differences are recorded in operating expenses in the statements of operations. 

F-8 

 Table of Contents 

Leases 

ASC 842
supersedes the lease requirements in ASC 840 Leases , and generally requires lessees to recognize operating and finance
lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use ROU assets on the balance sheet and to provide enhanced disclosures surrounding
the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leasing arrangements. 

ROU assets represent
our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising
from the lease. ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over
the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we generally use our incremental borrowing rate based on the estimated
rate of interest for collateralized borrowing over a similar term of the lease payments at commencement date. The ROU asset also includes
any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is
reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. For ROU assets, the Company has elected to account for non-lease components as part
of the lease. 

Any
lease with a term of 12 months or less is considered short-term. As permitted by ASC 842, short-term leases are excluded from
the ROU assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheets. Consistent with all other operating leases, short-term lease expense is recorded
on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

The Company
determines the present value of minimum future lease payments for operating leases by estimating a rate of interest that it would have
to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term, an amount equal to the lease payments and a similar economic environment
(the incremental borrowing rate or IBR ).The Company determines the appropriate IBR by identifying a reference
rate and making adjustments that take into consideration financing options and certain lease-specific circumstances. 

As of December
31, 2023, the Company s lease agreement was for occupancy of land and it is accounted for as operating leases. 

Related Parties 

The
Company follows ASC 850 , Related Party Disclosures, for
the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions (Note 5). 

Basic
and Diluted Net Loss Per Common Share 

Basic earnings
(loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares
of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common share is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders
by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period increased to include the number of additional shares
of common stock that would have been outstanding if potentially dilutive securities had been issued. 

Deferred
Income Taxes and Valuation Allowance 

The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740
 Income Taxes. Under the asset and liability method of ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the
future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period the enactment occurs. A valuation allowance is provided for
certain deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations. 

Recent accounting pronouncements 

The Company has implemented all new pronouncements
that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements
that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial statements or results of operations. 

F-9 

 Table of Contents 

NOTE 3 GOING CONCERN 

 The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation
of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 197,385, a net loss
of 39,618 for the year ended December 31, 2023, and has not earned any revenues since inception. The Company intends to fund operations
through equity financing arrangements and related party advances, all of which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working
capital and other cash requirements. 

 The ability of the Company to emerge from an
early stage is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing to continue operations, and development of its business
plan. In response to these problems, management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement offerings. The Company
is presently conducting a private offering of its equity securities of up to 12.0 million. 

 These factors, among others, raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 NOTE 4 LEASE 

The Company had the right to occupy the land commencing
June 1, 2023, by paying a monthly lease payment of Five Thousand Great Britain Pounds Sterling (GBP 5,000). The Company occupied the land
starting September 1, 2023 and recognized ROU assets and lease liabilities for the period of 15 months, from this date. 

The components of lease expense were as follows: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Operating lease cost 
 24,751 

Variable lease cost (foreign currency adjustment) 
 595 

Total lease cost 
 25,346 

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: 

Cash paid for operating cash flows from operating leases 
 24,751 

Right -of-use assets obtained upon acquisition -September 1, 2023 
 91,286 

Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 

Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 
 6.25 

Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating lease (year) 
 0.92 

The following table outlines maturities of our lease liability as of December 31, 2023: 

2024 
 70,015 
 
 Thereafter 

70,015 
 
 Less imputed interest 
 (1,786 
 
 Operating lease liability 
 68,229 

F-10 

 Table of Contents 

NOTE 5 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued 19,654,300 shares of common stock, with no value), to two directors and officers of the Company in connection with the planned
acquisition of Eco Equity Limited. The acquisition of Eco Equity Limited did not complete. 

During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
the Company s CEO advanced to the Company 31,359 and 25,982, respectively, by paying for operating expenses on behalf of the Company.
The amounts were fully contributed to the Company as a component of additional paid-in capital. 

During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
the Company s President and director advanced the Company an amount of 0 and 8,688, respectively, by paying for operating expenses
on behalf of the Company. 

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, in connection with
the Eco Equity transaction which did not complete, the Company was obligated to related parties for an unsecured, non-interest-bearing
demand loan with a balance of 17,500. 

During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
the Company calculated imputed interest on advance from related parties as a component of additional paid-in capital, of 1,528 and 896,
respectively. 

NOTE 6 CONVERTIBLE NOTE 

On April 14, 2021, the Company issued a convertible
note with a conversion price of 60 discount on the market price to pay operating expenses of 6,480. On June 30, 2021, the conversion
price of this note was amended to a fixed conversion price of 3.00 per share of common stock. As result, after adopting ASU 2020-06,
the Company will no longer incur non-cash interest expense related to the accretion of the debt discount associated with the embedded
conversion option. The Company was required to repay the amount of 10,000 within 90 days. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the principal
balance due on the note was 6,480 and 6,480, respectively, and accrued interest of 3,520 and 3,520, respectively (See Note 9 - Subsequent
Events where this note was fully repaid). 

NOTE 7 STOCKHOLDER DEFICIT 

 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had 75,000,000,
 0.0001 par value shares of common stock authorized. On February 26, 2024, the Company amended and restated its Articles of Incorporation
to increase the number of authorized shares of capital stock from 75,000,000 to 550,000,000, consisting of 500,000,000 shares of common
stock, par value 0.001 per share, and 50,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

 During the year 2022, the Company issued 42,000,000
shares of common stock to acquire all of the share capital of Eco Equity Limited (including issuance of 19,654,300 shares to two the Company s
directors and officer), a company organized under the laws of England and Wales. 

 There were 74,417,002 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 

 NOTE 8 INCOME TAXES 

 The Company has not made provision for income taxes
for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 since the Company has the benefit of net operating losses in these periods. 

Due
to uncertainties surrounding the Company s ability to generate future taxable income to realize deferred income tax assets arising
as a result of net operating losses carried forward, the Company has not recorded any deferred income tax assets as of December 31, 2023.
The Company has incurred a net operating loss (NOL) of 39,618, the net operating loss carry forwards will begin to expire in varying
amounts beginning with the year ended December 31, 2038, subject to its eligibility as determined by respective tax regulating authorities. 
NOLs generated in tax years prior to December 31, 2018, can be carryforward for twenty years, whereas NOLs generated after December 31,
2018 can be carryforward indefinitely. The Company s net operating loss carry forwards may be subject to annual limitations, which
could eliminate, reduce or defer the utilization of the losses because of an ownership change as defined in Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue Code. U.S. Federal tax returns are closed by statute for years through 2015. The status of state and non-U.S. tax examinations
varies due to the numerous legal entities and jurisdictions in which the Company operates. 

F-11 

 Table of Contents 

Net deferred tax assets consist of the following components
as of December 31, 2023 and 2022: 

December 31, 
 December 31 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net loss for the year 
 (39,618 
 (43,605 
 
 Effective tax rate 
 21 
 21 
 
 Tax Recovery 
 (8,320 
 (9,157 
 
 Less: valuation allowance 
 8,320 
 9,157 
 
 Net deferred asset 

Tax returns for the years ended 2018 to
2023, have not been filed by the Company, and are subject to review by the tax authorities. The Company has no liabilities related to
uncertain tax positions or unrecognized benefits as of the year ended December 31, 2023. The Company has not accrued interest or penalties
associated with unrecognized tax liabilities. 

NOTE
9 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

 Management performed an evaluation of the Company s
activity through the date the financial statements were issued, noting the following subsequent events: 

On February 26, 2024, the Company s Board of
Directors approved following: 

An increase in the number of shares of capital stock authorized to be issued, from 75,000,000 shares to
550,000,000 shares, par value 0.001 per share, consisting of 500,000,000 shares of common stock and 50,000,00 shares of undesignated
preferred stock. 

Adoption of the Company s 2024 Equity Incentive Plan Incentive Plan ), which provides
for the issuance of up to 350,000,000 shares of common stock. On March 5, 2024, the Company issued 304,221,186 shares of common stock
for services under the Incentive Plan. 

To grant of a common stock purchase option of 20,000,000 shares for services, with a term of 10 years,
at exercise price of 0.01 per share. 

On February 29, 2024, the Company s Board of
Directors approved following: 

Issuance of 861,812 shares of common stock for services under the Company s Incentive Plan which
were issued on March 5, 2024. 

A private offering of up to 24,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock of up to 12,000,000,
in accordance with the requirements of Regulations D and S as adopted by the SEC Private Offering ). 

On March 5, 2024, the Company issued the owners of
WLR an aggregate of 500,000 shares of common stock. 

On May 23, 2024, the Company entered into a Joint
Venture with Inspire Pharmacy Inspire to sell and distribute medical cannabis to Qualified Patients on an exclusive basis
in the United Kingdom for period of 5 years at a fee of GBP 5.00 to Inspire for each fulfilled order. The joint venture will be owned
92.5 by CINV and 7.5 by Insipire. 

On June 25, 2024, we issued an aggregate of 1,320,798
restricted shares of common stock in connection with the Private Offering. 

On August 1, 2024, we entered into an agreement to
acquire all of the outstanding share capital of Bearded Budz (Pty) Ltd, a licensed grower and exporter of cannabis based in South Africa
in exchange for ZAR 30 million in shares of common stock of the Company and a ZAR 30 million convertible note. 

On October 4, 2024, the Company paid 10,000 to the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, a judgment creditor of the holder of the promissory note described in Note 9 above, as full payment
against this obligation. 

On November 8, 2024, our agreement to acquire WLR
was amended to provide for the payment of Fifty Thousand Pounds 50,000) in cash, together with the issuance of an aggregate of
1.25 million shares of common stock, inclusive of the 500,000 shares issued in March 2024. The cash payment obligation was satisfied on
November 11, 2024. 

F-12 

 Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

 None. 

 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

 Attached as exhibits to
this Form 10-K are certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, which are required in accordance with Rule
13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). This section includes information concerning
the controls and controls evaluation referred to in those certifications and should be read in conjunction with the certifications for
a more complete understanding of the topics presented. 

 Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 Disclosure controls and
procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosures. Our management necessarily applied its judgment in assessing the costs and benefits of such controls and procedures, which,
by their nature, can provide only reasonable assurance regarding management s control objectives. 

 Our management, with the
participation of our CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as
of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based upon this evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective because of the identification of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting which
is described below. 

 Management Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting 

 Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Rule 13a-15(f).
Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
U.S. GAAP. 

 Our internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our receipts and expenditures are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial
statements. 

 Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. All internal control systems, no matter
how well designed, have inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention of overriding controls. Accordingly,
even effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 Our management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. In making this assessment, it used the criteria
set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
as of December 31, 2023. Our CEO and CFO concluded we have a material weakness due to lack of segregation of duties, a limited corporate
governance structure, a lack of a formal management review process over preparation of financial information, and a lack of adequate resources
to ensure our filing requirements under the Exchange Act are satisfied. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of control
deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of
our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

Our size has prevented
us from being able to employ sufficient resources to enable us to have an adequate level of supervision and segregation of duties within
our system of internal control. Therefore, while there are some compensating controls in place, it is difficult to ensure effective segregation
of accounting and financial reporting duties. Management reported the following material weaknesses: 

Lack of segregation of duties in certain accounting and financial reporting processes including the initiation,
processing, recording and approval of disbursements; 

Our corporate governance responsibilities are performed by the Board of Directors, none of whom are independent
under applicable standards; we do not have an audit committee or compensation committee. Our Board of Directors acts primarily by written
consent without meetings which results in several of our corporate governance functions not being performed concurrent (or timely) with
the underlying transactions, including evaluation of the application of accounting principles and disclosures relating to those transactions; 

Certain reports that we prepare, and accounting and reporting conclusions reached in connection with the
financial statement preparation process are not subjected to a formal review process that includes multiple levels of review and are not
submitted timely to the Board of Directors for review or approval; and 

Inability to dedicate sufficient resources to our accounting and reporting obligations to enable the Company
to satisfy its reporting obligations under the Exchange Act. 

 While we strive to segregate
duties as much as practicable, there is an insufficient volume of transactions at this point in time to justify additional full-time staff.
We believe that this is typical in many development-stage companies. We may not be able to fully remediate the material weakness until
we can generate additional capital resources to hire more staff. We will continue to monitor and assess the costs and benefits of additional
staffing. 

 This Annual Report does
not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the SEC rules that permit us to provide only
management s report in this Annual Report. 

 Item 9B. Other Information 

 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections 

Not Applicable. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

PART III 

 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 Directors and Executive Officers 

 The following table includes
the name, age, and position of each person who served as a director or executive officer of the Company during 2023. The address of each
of the persons in the table is c/o the Company at 86-90 Paul Street, London EC2A 4NE, United Kingdom. 

Name 
 
 Age (1) 
 
 Position 
 
 Jon-Paul Doran (2) 
 
 36 
 
 CEO, Secretary, and Director 

Timothy Ambrose (2) 
 
 43 
 
 President and Director 

Darlington Ganda (2) 
 
 36 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(1) 
 As of December 31, 2023. 

(2) 
 Appointed on October 17, 2021. 

The following is a summary
of the relevant backgrounds and business information concerning our directors and executive officers who served in 2023. Based upon the
information below, the Company believes that Messrs. Doran and Ambrose each have the educational backgrounds and business and operational
experiences that give each of them the qualifications and skills to serve as directors of the Company. 

 Jon-Paul (JP) Doran
 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Director 

 Mr. Doran serves as a director
of the Company and as its Chief Executive Officer, having been appointed to these positions on October 17, 2021. Jon-Paul transitioned
from finance into the cannabis industry after recognizing its potential for alternative therapies, and to make affordable healthcare alternatives
globally accessible. Beginning his career at Citigroup, Jon-Paul pivoted into private equity working across the Far East and Middle East
before embarking on his mission to democratize alternative therapies and reshape the wellness landscape. In 2020 Jon-Paul founded JPD
Capital, a cannabis fund domiciled in Guernsey. 

 Timothy Ambrose
 President, Chief Operating Officer, and Director 

 Mr. Ambrose serves as a
director of the Company and as its President and Chief Operating Officer. A vastly experienced executive, Tim built his career from McKinsey
to leadership roles at DMGT, Trinity Mirror PLC, and the Company s entry into the medical cannabis market, helping to enhance global
accessibility of high-quality medicinal cannabis for patients. 

 Darlington Ganda
 Chief Financial Officer 

 Mr. Ganda serves as the
Company s Chief Financial Officer, having been appointed to this position on October 17, 2021. With over 15 years of experience
as an accomplished finance and business leader, Darlington built his career from internal auditor at Trust Bank to completing his articles
and embarking on a management consulting career, providing guidance to startups and leading turnarounds, before leveraging his entrepreneurial
spirit to found a manufacturing company in Zimbabwe, developing a track record of building teams, optimizing processes, driving innovation,
and delivering results. 

 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

 Our common stock is not
registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exhange Act. Accordingly, our directors, executive officers, and principal stockholders are not
subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Code of Business Conduct 

 As of December 31, 2023,
we have not adopted a Code of Business Conduct within the meaning of Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

Board Committees 

 As of December 31, 2023,
we do not have any Board Committees. 

 Item 11. Executive Compensation 

 Summary Compensation Table 

The following table summarizes the total compensation
that the Company paid during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 to the NEOs, who are the Chief Executive Officer,
President, Chief Financial Officer, and our other most highly compensated executive officers who received more than 100,000 in annual
compensation from the Company. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary (1) 
 Cash Bonus 
 Stock Awards (2) 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 

Jon-Paul Doran 
 CEO (3) 
 
 2023 
 2022 

Timothy Ambrose 
 President (4) 
 
 2023 
 2022 

Darlington Ganda 
 Chief Financial Officer (5) 
 
 2023 
 2022 

(1) 
 None of our management received cash salaries during 2023 or 2022. 

(2) 
 On October 24, 2022, Messrs. Doran, Ambrose, and Ganda each received awards of 14,755,040, 4,746,564, and 152,696, shares of common stock, respectively, . Because of the extremely limited trading volume associated with the Company s shares in 2022, the no value was ascribed to these awards. 

(3) 
 Appointed on October 17, 2021. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 The following table shows the amount of the Company s
common stock beneficially owned (unless otherwise indicated) as of December 31, 2023, by (1) any person known to the Company to be
the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, (2) each director of the Company,
(3) each named executive officer, and (4) all directors and executive officers as a group. The applicable percentage ownership
is based upon 74,417,002 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 

The number of shares of common stock beneficially owned
by each entity, person, director/director nominee, or executive officer is determined under SEC rules and the information is not necessarily
indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the entity
or individual has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares that the entity or individual had the right to acquire
as of December 31, 2023, or within 60 days after December 31, 2023, through the exercise of any stock option or other right. Unless otherwise
indicated, to our knowledge, each individual has sole investment and voting power, or shares such powers with his spouse, with respect
to the shares set forth in the table. 

Name 
 
 Sole Voting and 
 Investment Power 
 
 Other 
 Beneficial Ownership 

Total 
 
 Percent of 
 Class
 Outstanding 
 
 Timothy Ambrose 
 14,746,564 
 
 14,746,564 
 19.82 
 
 Jon-Paul Doran 
 24,755,040 
 
 24,755,040 
 33.27 
 
 Darlington Ganda (1) 
 152,696 
 
 152,696 

All directors and executive officers as a group (3 persons) 
 39,654,300 
 
 39,654,300 
 53.29 

Indicates less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Mr. Ganda serves as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Ganda is not a director of the Company. 

Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

 Related-Party Transactions 

We follow ASC 850 Related
Party Disclosures , for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. When and if we contemplate
entering into a transaction in which any executive officer, director, nominee, or any family member of the foregoing would have a direct
or indirect interest, regardless of the amount involved, the terms of such transaction are to be presented to our full Board (other than
any interested director) for approval, and documented in the Board minutes. Other than as described below, we have had no related party
transactions during the two fiscal years ended December 31, 2023. 

As
of December 31, 2023 and 2022, in connection with the Eco Equity transaction which did not complete, the Company was obligated to related
parties for an unsecured, non-interest-bearing demand loan with a balance of 17,500 As of December 31, 2023, the 17,500 advance
had not been repaid. 

In December 2021, Jon-Paul Doran
and Timothy Ambrose each acquired 10,000,000 restricted shares of our common stock from First Choice Marketing Group, LLC, which, at the
time, was an affiliate of the Company, owning 61.7 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. 

On October 24, 2022, we issued
an aggregate of 19,654,300 shares of our common stock in exchange for services rendered by directors and officers of the Company as follows: 

Jon-Paul Doran 14,755,040 shares; 

Timothy Ambrose 4,746,564 shares; and 

Darlington Ganda 152,696 shares. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

Director Independence 

Neither Jon-Paul Doran nor Timothy
Ambrose is currently considered to be an independent director. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

 Set forth below is a summary of
certain fees billed by our independent auditor, RBSM LLP for services for the fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively: 

Services Provided 

2023 

2022 

Audit fees (1) 

35,000 

Audit-related fees 

Tax 

All other 

Total 

35,000 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees were for
professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements set forth in our Annual Reports on
Form 10-K, the review of our quarterly financial statements set forth in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and consents for other
SEC filings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related fees consist of
fees billed for professional services for consultation on accounting matters. 

Approval of Services Provided by Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors has considered
whether the services provided under other non-audit services are compatible with maintaining the auditor s independence and has
determined that such services are compatible. The Board of Directors has adopted policies and procedures for pre-approving all non-audit
work performed by the external auditors. The Board of Directors will annually pre-approve services in specified accounting areas. The
Board of Directors also annually approves the budget for the annual generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) audit. 

PART IV 

 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 None. 

34 

 Table of Contents 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not Included. 

(a)(2) Exhibits 

3. 
 Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws 

(a) 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company. 

(b) 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company. 

10. 
 Material Contracts 

(a) 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated May 8, 2023, between the Company and certain sellers, concerning the acquisition of WLR Farming (Pty) Ltd. ] 

(b) 
 2024 Equity Incentive Plan 

31. 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 

1. 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer 

2. 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer 

32. 
 Rule 1350 Certifications 

1. 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer 

2. 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

The certifications furnished
in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective
of any general incorporation language contained in such filing . 

35 

 Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the requirements of
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has caused this report to be signed by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

CRUCIAL INNOVATIONS CORP. 

Date: December 9, 2024 
 
 / S/ JON-PAUL DORAN 

Jon-Paul Doran 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/S/ JON-PAUL DORAN 
 
 Director and CEO (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 December 9, 2024 

Jon-Paul Doran 

/S/ TIMOTHY AMBROSE 
 
 Director 
 
 December 9, 2024 

Timothy Ambrose 

/S/ DARLINGTON GANDA 
 
 CFO (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 December 9, 2024 

Darlington Ganda 

36 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311_302ceocertification.htm
 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Form of Annual Certification Required 

 by Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 

I, Jon-Paul Doran, certify that: 

 1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Crucial Innovations Corp.; 

 2. Based
on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this annual report; 

 3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
annual report; 

 4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made
known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by
this report based on such evaluation; 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting, and; 

 5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over
financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal controls. 

Dated: December 9, 2024 

CRUCIAL INNOVATIONS CORP. 

/s/ Jon-Paul Doran 

Jon-Paul Doran 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312_302cfocertification.htm
 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Form of Annual Certification Required 

 by Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 

I, Darlington Ganda, certify that: 

 1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Crucial Innovations Corp.; 

 2. Based
on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this annual report; 

 3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
annual report; 

 4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made
known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by
this report based on such evaluation; 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting, and; 

 5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over
financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal controls. 

Dated: December 9, 2024 

CRUCIAL INNOVATIONS CORP. 

/s/ Darlington Ganda 

Darlington Ganda 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321_906ceocertification.htm
 906 CEO CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 

 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In connection with the
accompanying Annual Report of Crucial Innovations Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023
(the Report ), I, Jon-Paul Doran, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

 (1) To
my knowledge, the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C.
78m or 78o(d)); and 

 (2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: December 9, 2024 

CRUCIAL INNOVATIONS CORP. 

/s/ Jon-Paul Doran 

Jon-Paul Doran 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex322_906cfocertification.htm
 906 CFO CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350) 

In connection with the
accompanying Annual Report of Crucial Innovations Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023
(the Report ), I, Darlington Ganda, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

 (1) To
my knowledge, the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C.
78m or 78o(d)); and 

 (2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: December 9, 2024 

CRUCIAL INNOVATIONS CORP. 

/s/ Darlington Ganda 

Darlington Ganda 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

