<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-K_edgar_data_831641_0000831641-24-000063.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14275409</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>413073</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2824775</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5041789</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3003681</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2718628</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000831641-24-000063.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119161147
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000831641-24-000063
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		145
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240929
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TETRA TECH INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000831641
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ENGINEERING SERVICES [8711]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				954148514
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0929

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19655
		FILM NUMBER:		241476197

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3475 EAST FOOTHILL BOULEVARD
		CITY:			PASADENA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6263514664

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3475 EAST FOOTHILL BOULEVARD
		CITY:			PASADENA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91107

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000831641-24-000063.txt : 20241119

10-K
 1
 ttek-20240929.htm
 10-K

ttek-20240929 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2024 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Transition Period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 ____________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 ________________________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates on March 31, 2024, was billion (based upon the closing price of a share of registrant's common stock as reported by the Nasdaq National Market on that date). 
 On November 8, 2024 , shares of the registrant's common stock were outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 3 
 General 
 3 
 Leading with Science 
 4 
 Reportable Segments 
 4 
 Government Services Group 
 5 
 Commercial/International Services Group 
 6 
 Project Examples 
 7 
 Clients 
 7 
 Contracts 
 8 
 Growth Strategy 
 9 
 Sustainability Program 
 9 
 Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 10 
 Competition 
 11 
 Backlog 
 11 
 Regulations 
 11 
 Seasonality 
 12 
 Climate Risk Assessment 
 12 
 Risk Management and Insurance 
 12 
 Human Capital Management 
 13 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 14 
 Available Information 
 16 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 31 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 31 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 
 PART II 
 Item 5 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 33 
 Item 7 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 90 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 90 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 90 
 PART III 
 Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 90 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 91 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 91 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 91 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 91 
 PART IV 
 Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 91 
 Index to Exhibits 
 93 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 94 
 Signatures 
 95 
 
 2 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K ("Report"), including the "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"). All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the industries in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Words such as "expects," "anticipates," "targets," "goals," "projects," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates," "seeks," "continues," "may," variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. In addition, statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated growth and trends in our businesses and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including those identified below under "Risk Factors," and elsewhere herein. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 General 
 Te tra Tech, Inc. ("Tetra Tech") is a leading global provider of high-end consulting and engineering services that focuses on water, environment and sustainable infrastructure. We are a global company that is Leading with Science to provide innovative solutions for our public and private clients. We typically begin at the earliest stage of a project by identifying technical solutions and developing execution plans tailored to our clients' needs and resources. 
 Tetra Tech is Leading with Science to provide sustainable and resilient solutions to our clients' most complex needs. Engineering News-Record ("ENR"), the engineering industry's leading magazine, has ranked Tetra Tech #1 in Water Treatment and Desalination for 11 years in a row. In 2024, we were also ranked #1 in consulting studies; environmental management; wind power; hydro plants; offshore and underwater facilities; site assessment and compliance; and green government offices. ENR also ranked Tetra Tech in the Top 10 in numerous categories, including dams and reservoirs, marine and port facilities, power, solar power, solid waste, environmental science, chemical and soil remediation, and hazardous waste. 
 Our reputation for high-end consulting and engineering services and our ability to develop solutions for water and environmental management has supported our growth for more than 50 years. Our market leading climate mitigation and adaptation services are solving our clients' most complex challenges related to coastal flooding, water security, energy transition and biodiversity protection. Today, we are proud to be making a difference in people s lives worldwide through our high-end consulting, engineering and technology service offerings. In fiscal 2024, we worked on over 100,000 projects, in more than 100 countries on all seven continents, with a talent force of 30,000 associates. We are Leading with Science throughout our operations, with domain experts across multiple disciplines supported by our advanced analytics, artificial intelligence ("AI"), machine learning and digital technology solutions. Our ability to provide innovative and first-of-kind solutions is enhanced by partnerships with our forward-thinking clients. We are diverse, equitable and inclusive, embracing the breadth of experience across our talented workforce worldwide with a culture of innovation and entrepreneurship. We are disciplined in our business, and focused on delivering value to customers and high performance for our shareholders. In supporting our clients, we seek to add value and provide long-term sustainable consulting, engineering and tec hnology solutions. 
 Our mission is to be the world's leading consulting and engineering firm solving global challenges in water and the environment that make a positive difference in people's lives worldwide. 
 The following core principles form the underpinning of how we work together to serve our clients: 
 Service. We put our clients first. We listen closely to better understand our clients' needs and deliver smart, cost-effective solutions that meet their needs. 
 Value. We solve our clients' problems as if they were our own. We develop and implement sustainable solutions that are innovative, efficient and practical. 
 Excellence. We bring superior technical capability, disciplined project management and excellence in safety and quality to all of our services. 
 Opportunity. Our people are our number one asset. Opportunity means new technical challenges that provide advancement within our company, encourage an inclusive and diverse workforce and ensure a safe workplace. 
 We have a strong project management culture that enables us to deliver on more than 100,000 projects per fiscal year. Our client-focused project management is supported by strong fiscal management and financial tools. We use a disciplined 
 3 

approach to monitoring, managing and improving our return on investment in each of our business areas through our efforts to negotiate appropriate contract terms, manage our contract performance to minimize schedule delays and cost overruns and promptly bill and collect accounts receivable. 
 We have built a broad client and contract base by proactively understanding our clients' priorities and demonstrating a long track record of s uccessful performance that results in repeat business and limits competition. We believe that proximity to our clients is also instrumental to integrating global experience and resources with an understanding of our local clients' needs. 
 Throughout our history, we have supported both public and private clients, many for multiple decad es of continuous contracts and repeat business. Long-term relationships provide us with institutional knowledge of our clients' programs, past projects and internal resources. Institutional knowledge is often a significant factor in winning competitive proposals and providing cost-effective solutions tailored to our clients' needs. 
 We are often at the leading edge of new challenges where we are delivering one-of-a-kind solutions. These might be a new water treatment technology, a unique solution to addressing coastal erosion, an AI-enabled system for remote assessment of infrastructure assets or a digital twin for real time management of water treatment systems. 
 We combine interdisciplinary capabilities, technical resources and institutional knowledge to implement complex projects that are at the leading edge of policy and technology development for our clients around the world. 
 
 Leading with Science 
 At Tetra Tech, we provide value-generating solutions by combining operational expertise, science and technology. By Leading with Science and leveraging our collective technology including advanced data analytics, digital technologies and AI, we create transformational solutions and provide subscription software solutions to our clients. 
 Tetra Tech's proprietary technologies and solutions, referred to collectively as the Tetra Tech Delta, differentiate us in the market and provide us with a competitive advantage. We create customized solutions; from smart data collection and advanced analytics that support decision making to AI-enabled solutions for asset management. Our Tetra Tech Delta technologies are drawn from our decades of operational experience and a reservoir of technical appli cations that are shared throughout our company as well as scalable solutions that are sold externally as software subscriptions. Our high-end teams connect interdisciplinary experts from across our company's 30,000 staff worldwide. Tetra Tech mobilizes teams that include analysts, statisticians, digital engineers and industry experts who effectively implement value-generating and pragmatic solutions for our clients. 
 These advanced analytical solutions enable us to provide clients with real-time reporting, automated and remote data collection and dashboards for tracking and communicating results. Tetra Tech Delta is continually expanding and includes cutting-edge tools on interpretive analysis, modeling of physical systems, forecasting and scenario analysis, optimization and operations research. Our subscription solutions provide our clients with extended capabilities for AI-enabled large scale data management, spatial data interpretation, and ability to build and utilize digital twins for land, coastal and structural assets. 
 Leading with Science also means fully leveraging the collective expertise provided by our global workforce of 30,000 associates. We actively share information, ideas and resources across our global operations through our network structure, guided subject matter teams and project team building. We use company-wide virtual events to engage Tetra Tech experts world-wide to solve client challenges and identify the best ideas for further development. We also proactively share emerging technology and new ideas through our knowledge transfer system, Tetra Tech Technology Transfer ("T4"). T4 facilitates our innovation culture through webcasts, blogs, multi-media and social media across our global operations. Our Tetra Tech Learning Hub provides a full suite of training resources including project management, leadership development, and broad technical skills. Learning Hub curriculum is provided through online training, virtual workshops and in-person events. 
 
 Reportable Segments 
 We manage our operations under two reportable segments. Our Government Services Group ("GSG") reportable segment primarily includes activities with U.S. government clients (federal, state and local) and all activities with development agencies worldwide. Our Commercial/International Services Group ("CIG") reportable segment primarily includes activities with U.S. commercial clients and international clients other than development agencies. These reportable segments allow us to capitalize on our growing market opportunities and enhance the development of high-end consulting and technical solutions to meet our growing client deman d. 
 
 4 

The following table presents the percentage of our revenue by reportable segment: 
 Fiscal Year Reportable Segment 2024 2023 2022 GSG 47.8 47.7 52.0 CIG 53.6 53.6 49.6 Inter-segment elimination (1.4) (1.3) (1.6) 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 For additional information regarding our reportable segments, see Note 19, "Reportable Segments" of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Item 8. For more information on risks related to our business, reportable segments and geographic regions, including risks related to foreign operations, see Item 1A, Risk Factors of this report. 
 
 Government Services Group 
 GSG provides high-end consulting and engineering services primarily to U.S. government clients (federal, state and local) and international development agencies worldwide. GSG supports U.S. government civilian and defense agencies with services in water, environment, sustainable infrastructure, information technology and disaster management. GSG also provides engineering design services for U.S. based federal and municipal clients, especially in water infrastructure, flood protection and solid waste. GSG also leads our support for development agencies worldwide, especially in the United States, the United Kingdom and Australia. 
 GSG provides consulting and engineering services for a broad range of water, environment and sustainable infrastructure-related needs primarily for U.S. government clients. The primary GSG markets include water resources analysis and water management, environmental monitoring, data analytics, government consulting, waste management and a broad range of civil infrastructure master planning and resilient engineering design for facilities, transportation and local development projects. GSG's services span from early data collection and monitoring, to data analysis and information management, to science and engineering applied research, to engineering design, to project management and operations and maintenance. 
 GSG provides our clients with sustainable solutions that optimize their water management and environmental programs to address regulatory requirements, improve operational efficiencies and manage assets. Our services advance resiliency through the "greening" of infrastructure, design of energy efficiency and resource conservation programs, innovation in the capture and sequestration of carbon, development of disaster preparedness and response plans and improvement in water and land resource management practices. We provide energy management consulting, and greenhouse gas ("GHG") inventory assessment, certification, reduction and management services. GSG also provides planning, architectural and engineering services for U.S. federal, state and local government facilities. We support government agencies with related resilient infrastructure needs, asset management for military housing and educational, institutional and research facilities. 
 Many government organizations face complex problems due to increased demand and competition for water and natural resources, newly understood threats to human health and the environment, aging infrastructure and demand for new and more resilient infrastructure. Our integrated water management services support government agencies responsible for managing water supplies, wastewater treatment, storm water management and flood protection. We help our clients develop more resilient water supplies and more sustainable management of water resources, while addressing a wide range of local and national government requirements and policies. Fluctuations in weather patterns and extreme events, such as prolonged droughts and more frequent flooding, are increasing concerns over the reliability of water supplies, the need to protect coastal areas and flood mitigation and adaptation in metropolitan areas. We provide smart water infrastructure solutions that integrate water modeling, instrumentation and controls and real-time controls to create flexible water systems that respond to changing conditions, optimize use of existing infrastructure and provide clients with the ability to monitor and manage their water infrastructure more efficiently. We provide operational technology for secure management of water treatment and wastewater systems, including cybersecurity assessments and digital twin solutions. 
 We also support government agencies in the full range of disaster response and community resilience services including monitoring and environmental response, damage assessment and program management services and resilient engineering design and mitigation planning. We have a full suite of Tetra Tech Delta technology and specialized software that support our disaster response, planning and management support services. These tools and procedures address disaster management and community resilience data management needs, including information technology systems, portals, dashboards, data management, data analytics and statistical analysis. 
 GSG provides a wide range of consulting and engineering services for solid waste management, including landfill design and management, and recycling facility design throughout the United States; providing design, project management and maintenance services to manage solid and hazardous waste; as well as innovative renewable energy projects such as solar 
 5 

energy-generating landfill caps; and providing full-service solutions for gas-to-energy facilities to efficiently use landfill methane gas. 
 We provide high-end advanced analytics and information technology ("IT") consulting and support to various federal clients including AI applications, machine learning, modernization of IT systems and cloud migration. We design solutions to manage and analyze data for major federal agency programs including data related to health, security, environment and water programs. We provide technical support for the Federal Aviation Administration to optimize the U.S. airspace system and support related aviation systems integration for the U.S. and other countries' metropolitan airports. We provide specialized software products, modeling and data analytics for airspace acoustic analysis. Our aviation airspace services include data management, data processing, communications and outreach and systems development; and providing systems analysis and information management. 
 We support governments in implementing international development programs for developing nations to help them address numerous challenges, including access to potable water, essential energy needs, economic development and climate adaptation. Our international development services include supporting donor agencies to develop safe and reliable water supplies and sanitation services, support the eradication of poverty, improve livelihoods, promote democracy and increase economic growth. Our programs span planning, designing, implementing, researching and monitoring projects and leverage advanced technology and AI-enabled analytics to collect, interpret and provide solutions for our clients. Key areas of focus include agriculture and rural development, governance and institutional development, natural resources and the environment, energy and power, infrastructure, economic growth, rule of law and justice systems, land tenure and property rights and training and consulting for public-private partnerships. Our projects also include building capacity and strengthening institutions in areas such as global health, energy sector reform, utility management, education, food security and local governance. 
 
 Commercial/International Services Group 
 CIG primarily provides high-end consulting and engineering services to U.S. commercial clients, and international clients inclusive of the commercial and government sectors. CIG supports commercial clients worldwide in renewable energy, industrial, high-performance buildings and aerospace markets. CIG also provides sustainable infrastructure and related environmental, engineering, and project management services to commercial and local government clients across Canada, in Asia Pacific (primarily Australia and New Zealand), Europe, the United Kingdom, and South America (primarily Brazil). 
 CIG provides consulting and engineering services worldwide for a broad range of water, environment and sustainable infrastructure-related needs in both developed and emerging economies. The primary markets for CIG's services include natural resources, energy and utilities, as well as sustainable infrastructure master planning and engineering design for facilities, transportation and local development projects. CIG's services span from early data collection and monitoring to data analysis and information management, to feasibility studies and assessments, to science and engineering applied research, to engineering design, to project management and operations and maintenance. CIG advances the application and development of Tetra Tech Delta technologies and integrates our high-end AI-enabled software solutions for a wide range of applications including condition assessments, digital twins, integration of satellite and drone imagery and advanced rapid scanning techniques. 
 CIG's environmental services include cleanup and beneficial reuse of sites contaminated with hazardous materials, toxic chemicals and oil and petroleum products, which cover all phases of the remedial planning process, starting with disaster response and initial site assessment through removal actions, remedial design and implementation oversight; and supporting both commercial and government clients in planning and implementing remedial activities at numerous sites around the world, and providing a broad range of environmental analysis and planning services. 
 CIG also supports commercial clients by providing design services to renovate, upgrade and modernize industrial water supplies, and address industrial water treatment and water reuse needs; and provides plant engineering, project execution and program management services for industrial water treatment projects throughout the world. 
 CIG provides planning, architectural and high-performance building engineering services for commercial and government facilities. We provide high-end design of sustainable energy, water and GHG decarbonization solutions including civil, electrical, mechanical, structural and hydraulic engineering for buildings, campuses and surrounding developments. We provide high-end services in addressing indoor health and associated assessment, consulting and retrofits of buildings to address indoor air quality and safety. We also provide engineering services for a wide range of clients with specialized needs, such as data centers, advanced manufacturing, security systems, training and audiovisual facilities, clean rooms, laboratories, medical facilities and disaster preparedness facilities. 
 CIG's international services, especially in Canada, Europe, the United Kingdom, and Asia Pacific, include high-end analytical, engineering, architecture, geotechnical, project management and advisory services for infrastructure projects, including early project planning, rail and roadway monitoring and asset management services, collection of condition data, optimization of upgrades and long-term planning for expansion; multi-modal design services for commuter railway stations, 
 6 

airport expansions, bridges and major highways and ports and harbors; and designing resilient solutions to repair, replace and upgrade older transportation infrastructure. 
 CIG provides infrastructure design services in extreme and remote areas by using specialized techniques that are adapted to local resources, while minimizing environmental impacts, and considering potential climate change impacts. These include providing consulting, geotechnical and design services to owners of transportation, natural resources, energy and community infrastructure in areas of permafrost or extreme climate regions. 
 CIG's energy services include support for electric power utilities and independent power producers worldwide, ranging from macro-level planning and management advisory services to project-specific environmental, engineering, project management and operational services, and advising on energy security and the design and implementation of smart grids, both domestically and internationally, including increasing utility automation, information and operational technologies and critical infrastructure security. For utilities and governmental regulatory agencies, our services include policy and regulatory development, utility management, performance improvement and asset management and evaluation. For developers and owners of renewable energy resources such as solar grid and off-grid, on-shore and off-shore wind, biogas and biomass, tidal, hydropower, conventional power generation facilities, micro-grid and battery or alternative storage facilities, as well as transmission and distribution assets, our services include environmental, electrical, mechanical and civil engineering, procurement, operations and maintenance and regulatory support for all project phases. 
 CIG supports industrial clients globally. Our services include environmental permitting support, siting studies, strategic planning and analyses; design of site civil works; water management; biological and cultural assessments, and site investigations; and hazardous waste site remediation. 
 CIG also provides environmental remediation and reconstruction services to evaluate and restore lands to beneficial use, remediating, and restoring contaminated facilities in the U.S. and around the world; managing large, complex sediment remediation programs that help restore rivers and coastal waters to beneficial use; and supporting utilities in the U.S. in implementing restoration and environmental management programs. 
 
 Project Examples 
 Project examples are provided on our company website located at tetratech.com, including expert interviews, in-depth articles and project profiles that demonstrate our services acros s water, environment, sustainable infrastructure, renewable energy and international development. 
 
 Clients 
 We provide services to a diverse base of U.S. federal government, U.S. state and local government, U.S. commercial and international clients. The following table presents the percentage of our revenue by client sector: 
 Fiscal Year Client Sector 2024 2023 2022 U.S. federal government (1) 
 32.2 30.7 30.4 U.S. state and local government 11.8 13.4 17.2 U.S. commercial 17.5 19.2 21.4 International (2) 
 38.5 36.7 31.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 (1) Includes revenue generated under U.S. federal government contracts performed outside the United States. 
 (2) Includes revenue generated from non-U.S. clients, primarily in th e United Kingdom, Australia and Canada. 
 U.S. fe deral government agencies are significant clients. The U.S. Agency for International Development accounted for 13.0 , 12.2 and 11.0 of our revenue in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Department of Defense ("DoD") accounted for 8.5 , 8.9 and 9.7 of our revenue in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We typically support multiple programs within a single U.S. fede ral government agency, both domestically and internationally. We also assist U.S. state and local government clients in various jurisdictions across the United States. Our international clients are primarily focused in Canada, Australia, Europe and the United Kingdom, and consist of a relatively equal sized mix of government and commercial clients. Our U.S. commercial clients include companies in the chemical, energy, pharmaceutical, retail, aerospace and automotive industrie s. No single client, except for the U.S. federal government clients, accounted for more than 10 of our revenue in fiscal 2024. 
 7 

Contracts 
 Our services are performed under three principal types of contracts with our clients: fixed-price, time-and-materials and cost-plus. The following table presents the percentage of our revenue by contract type: 
 Fiscal Year Contract Type 2024 2023 2022 Fixed-price 38.8 36.3 37.6 Time-and-materials 45.0 48.0 46.7 Cost-plus 16.2 15.7 15.7 100.0 100.0 100.0 
 Under a fixed-price contract, clients agree to pay a specified price for our performance of the entire contract or a specified portion of the contract. Some fixed-price contracts can include date-certain and/or performance obligations. Fixed-price contracts carry certain inherent risks, including risks of losses from underestimating costs, delays in project completion, problems with new technologies, price increases for materials and economic and other changes that may occur over the contract period. Consequently, the profitability of fixed-price contracts may vary substantially. Under time-and-materials contracts, we are paid for labor at negotiated hourly billing rates and paid for other expenses. Profitability on these contracts is driven by billable headcount and cost control. Many of our time-and-materials contracts are subject to maximum contract values and, accordingly, revenue related to these contracts is recognized as if these contracts were fixed-price contracts. Under our cost-plus contracts, some of which are subject to a contract ceiling amount, we are reimbursed for allowable costs and fees, which may be fixed or performance-based. If our costs exceed the contract ceiling or are not allowable, we may not be able to obtain full reimbursement. Further, the amount of the fee received for a cost-plus award fee contract partially depends upon the client's discretionary periodic assessment of our performance on that contract. 
 Some contracts with the U.S. federal government are subject to annual funding approval. U.S. federal government agencies may impose spending restrictions that limit the continued funding of our existing contracts and may limit our ability to obtain additional contracts. These limitations, if significant, could have a material adverse effect on us. All contracts with the U.S. federal government may be terminated by the government at any time, with or without cause. 
 U.S. federal government agencies have formal policies against continuing or awarding contracts that would create actual or potential conflicts of interest with other activities of a contractor. These policies may prevent us from bidding for or performing government contracts resulting from or related to certain work we have performed. In addition, services performed for a commercial or government sector client may create conflicts of interest that preclude or limit our ability to obtain work for a private organization. We attempt to identify actual or potential conflicts of interest and to minimize the possibility that such conflicts could affect our work under current contracts or our ability to compete for future contracts. We have, on occasion, declined to bid on a project because of an existing or potential conflict of interest. 
 Some of our operating units have contracts with the U.S. federal government that are subject to audit by the government, primarily the Defense Contract Audit Agency ("DCAA"). The DCAA generally seeks to (i) identify and evaluate all activities that contribute to, or have an impact on, proposed or incurred costs of government contracts; (ii) evaluate a contractor's policies, procedures, controls and performance; and (iii) prevent or avoid wasteful, careless and inefficient production or service. To accomplish this, the DCAA examines our internal control systems, management policies and financial capability; evaluates the accuracy, reliability and reasonableness of our cost representations and records; and assesses our compliance with Cost Accounting Standards ("CAS") and defective-pricing clauses found within the Federal Acquisition Regulation ("FAR"). The DCAA also performs an annual review of our overhead rates and assists in the establishment of our final rates. This review focuses on the allowability of cost items and the applicability of CAS. The DCAA also audits cost-based contracts, including the close-out of those contracts. 
 The DCAA reviews all types of U.S. federal government proposals, including those of award, administration, modification and re-pricing. The DCAA considers our cost accounting system, estimating methods and procedures and specific proposal requirements. Operational audits are also performed by the DCAA. A review of our operations at every major organizational level is conducted during the proposal review period. During the course of its audit, the U.S. federal government may disallow certain costs if it determines that we accounted for such costs in a manner inconsistent with CAS. Under a government contract, only those costs that are reasonable, allocable and allowable are recoverable. A disallowance of costs by the U.S. federal government could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 In accordance with our corporate policies, we maintain controls to minimize any occurrence of fraud or other unlawful activities that could result in severe legal remedies, including the payment of damages and/or penalties, criminal and civil sanctions and debarment. In addition, we maintain preventative audit programs and mitigation measures to ensure that appropriate control systems are in place. 
 8 

We provide services under contracts, purchase orders or retainer letters. Our policy requires that all contracts must be in writing. We bill our clients in accordance with the contract terms and periodically based on costs incurred, on either an hourly-fee basis or on a percentage-of-completion basis, as the project progresses. Most of our agreements permit our clients to terminate the agreements without cause upon payment of fees and expenses through the date of the termination. Generally, our contracts do not require that we provide performance bonds. If required, a performance bond, issued by a surety company, guarantees a contractor's performance under the contract. If the contractor defaults under the contract, the surety will, at its discretion, complete the job or pay the client the amount of the bond. If the contractor does not have a performance bond and defaults in the performance of a contract, the contractor is responsible for all damages resulting from the breach of contract. These damages include the cost of completion, together with possible consequential damages such as lost profits. 
 
 Growth Strategy 
 Our management team establishes Tetra Tech's overall business strategy. Our strategic plan defines and guides our investment in marketing and business development to leverage our differentiators and target priority programs and growth markets. We maintain centralized business development resources to develop our corporate branding and marketing materials, support proposal preparation and planning, conduct market research and manage promotional and professional activities, including appearances at trade shows, advertising and public relations. 
 We have established company-wide growth initiatives that reinforce internal coordination, track the development of new programs, identify and coordinate collective resources for major bids and bring together high-end interdisciplinary teams that provide innovative solutions for major pursuits. Our growth initiatives provide a forum for cross-sector collaboration, access to technical solutions and the development of interdisciplinary solutions. We continuously identify new markets that are consistent with our strategic plan and service offerings, and we leverage our full-service capabilities and internal coordination structure to develop and implement strategies to research, anticipate and position us for future procurements and emerging programs. Our Tetra Tech Delta program facilitates access and exchange of technology solutions and AI-enabled software solutions across our company, through the use of internal training, inventories and facilitated virtual networking events. 
 Business development activities are implemented by our technical and professional management staff throughout Tetra Tech with the support of company-wide resources and expertise. Our project managers and technical staff have the best understanding of our clients' needs and the effect of client-specific issues, local laws and regulations and procurement procedures. Our professional staff members hold frequent meetings with existing and potential clients; give presentations to civic and professional organizations and present seminars on research and technical applications. Effective development of business is facilitated by each staff member's access to all of our service offerings including our Tetra Tech Delta technology resources and software. Our strong internal networking programs help our professional staff members to pursue new opportunities and build multi-disciplinary teams for both existing and new clients. These networks also facilitate our ability to provide services throughout the project life cycle from the early studies to operations and maintenance. Networking is further supported by our enterprise-wide knowledge management systems which include skills search tools, business development tracking and collaboration tools. 
 To support our growth plans, we actively attract, recruit, engage and retain key hires. Our combination of high-end science, technology resources and consulting culture coupled with practical applications provides challenging and rewarding opportunities for our workforce, thereby enhancing our ability to recruit and retain top quality talent. Our internal networking programs, leadership training, entrepreneurial environment, focus on Leading with Science and global project portfolio help to attract and retain highly qualified individuals. 
 Our strategic growth plans are augmented by our selective investment in acquisitions aligned with our business. Acquisitions advance our strategy by adding new technologies, broadening our service offerings, adding contract capacity and expanding our geographic presence. Our long-established experience in identifying and integrating acquisitions strengthens our ability to integrate and rapidly leverage the resources of the acquired companies post-acquisition. 
 
 Sustainability Program 
 Sustainability is an integral part of our global business, rooted in our internal culture and extending throughout our projects around the world. For more than 50 years, we have leveraged cutting-edge expertise and the latest technology to deliver more sustainable solutions to clients and continually improve the way we do business. 
 Through our Sustainability Program, we monitor environmental, social and governance ("ESG") metrics, including human capital elements. We continue to enhance the sustainability of our daily practices, reduce our GHG emissions, and provide an exceptional working environment for our employees across our global operations. As a signatory of the United Nations ("UN") Global Compact on human rights, labor, environment and anti-corruption, we embrace the UN Global Compact's Ten Principles as part of the strategy, culture and daily operations of our company. 
 We actively engage with our stakeholders, internally and externally, to encourage input on the materiality of various ESG issues to Tetra Tech and have incorporated input into our double materiality analysis and sustainability program. Our 
 9 

annual sustainability reporting and key metrics are aligned with the priorities we have set on ethics, human capital, professional development, and health safety. We report on human capital metrics, including gender balance, racial and ethnic diversity in our workforce, employee engagement and professional development. We have supplier programs that integrate and emphasize sustainability in the procurement of goods and services and subcontracting for our projects. We have reported annually on GHG emissions for more than a decade, significantly reducing our emissions from program inception. In 2021, we expanded our reporting and set new goals for scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions. Based on input from stakeholders and in recognition of the importance of the project work we perform each year, in 2021 we also initiated our Billion People Challenge, with the overarching goal to improve the lives of one billion people by 2030. The Billion People Challenge progress is evaluated each year based on our annual project impact analysis in five categories that are closely aligned with the Global Reporting Initiative standards and the UN Sustainable Development Goals. 
 Our Sustainability Program is led by our Chief Sustainability Officer, who has been appointed by our Board of Directors and is supported by corporate and operations representatives through our Sustainability Council. We continuously review sustainability-related policies and practices, integrate input from stakeholders, and assess the results of our efforts in order to make future improvements. Tetra Tech's Board of Directors reviews and approves the Sustainability Program and evaluates our progress in achieving the goals and objectives outlined in our plan. As part of our membership in the UN Global Compact, we annually report on the Communication on Progress using Tetra Tech's Sustainability Report . 
 
 Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 Acquisitions. We continuously evaluate the marketplace for acquisition opportunities to further our strategic growth plans. Due to our reputation, size, financial resources, geographic presence and range of services, we have numerous opportunities to acquire privately and publicly held companies or selected portions of such companies. We evaluate an acquisition opportunity based on its ability to strengthen our leadership in the markets we serve, the technologies and solutions they provide and the additional new geographies and clients they bring. Also, during our evaluation, we examine an acquisition's ability to drive organic growth, its accretive effect on long-term earnings and its ability to generate return on investment. Generally, we proceed with an acquisition if we believe that it will strategically expand our service offerings, improve our long-term financial performance and increase shareholder returns. 
 We view acquisitions as a key component in the execution of our growth strategy, and we intend to use cash, debt or equity, as we deem appropriate, to fund acquisitions. We may acquire other businesses that we believe are synergistic and will ultimately increase our revenue and net income, strengthen our ability to achieve our strategic goals, provide critical mass with existing clients and further expand our lines of service. We typically pay a purchase price that results in the recognition of goodwill, generally representing the intangible value of a successful business with an assembled workforce specialized in our areas of interest. Acquisitions are inherently risky, and no assurance can be given that our previous or future acquisitions will be successful or will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. All acquisitions require the approval of our Board of Directors. 
 In the second quarter of fiscal 2024, we acquired LS Technologies ("LST"), an innovative U.S. federal enterprise technology services and management consulting firm based in Fairfax, Virginia. LST provides high-end consulting and engineering services including advanced data analytics, cybersecurity and digital transformation solutions to U.S. government clients. In the third quarter of fiscal 2024, we also acquired Convergence Controls Engineering ("CCE"), an industry leader in process automation and systems integration solutions. CCE s expertise includes customized digital controls and software solutions, advanced data analytics, cloud data integration and cybersecurity applications. Both LST and CCE are included in our GSG segment. 
 In the second quarter of fiscal 2023, we completed the acquisition of RPS Group plc ("RPS"), a publicly traded company on the London Stock Exchange in an all-cash transaction totaling 784 million. We funded the RPS acquisition with debt, net of 109 million in proceeds from a foreign exchange forward contract that we entered into at the same time we made the formal offer to acquire RPS on September 23, 2022. RPS employs approximately 5,000 associates in the United Kingdom, Europe, Asia Pacific and North America, delivering high-end solutions, especially in energy transformation, water and program management for government and commercial clients. Substantially all of RPS is included in our CIG segment. 
 In the second quarter of fiscal 2023, we also acquired Amyx, Inc. Amyx ), an enterprise technology services, cybersecurity and management consulting firm based in Reston, Virginia. With over 500 employees, Amyx provides application modernization, cybersecurity, systems engineering, financial management and program management support on over 30 U.S. federal government programs. Amyx is included in our GSG segment. 
 For detailed information regarding acquisitions, see Note 5, "Acquisitions" of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Item 8. 
 Divestitures. We regularly review and evaluate our existing operations to determine whether our business model should change through the divestiture of certain businesses. Accordingly, from time to time, we may divest or wind-down certain non-core businesses and reallocate our resources to businesses that better align with our long-term strategic direction. In 
 10 

the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, we agreed to divest a financially immaterial subsidiary in South America and a line of business in Australia. We did not divest any businesses in fiscal 2023. 
 
 Competition 
 The market for our services is generally competitive. We often compete with many other firms ranging from small regional firms to large international firms. 
 We perform a broad spectrum of consulting, engineering and technical services across the water, environment, sustainable infrastructure, renewable energy and international development markets. Our competition varies and is a function of the business areas in which, and the client sectors for which, we perform our services. The number of competitors for any procurement can vary widely, depending upon technical qualifications, the relative value of the project, geographic location, the financial terms and risks associated with the work and any restrictions placed upon competition by the client. Historically, clients have chosen among competing firms by weighing the quality, innovation and timeliness of the firm's service versus its cost to determine which firm offers the best value. 
 Our competitors vary depending on end markets and clients, and often we may only compete with a portion of a firm. We believe that our principal competitors include the following firms, in alphabetical order: AECOM; Arcadis NV; AtkinsR alis; Black Veatch Corporation; Booz Allen Hamilton; Brown Caldwell; CDM Smith Inc.; Chemonics International, Inc.; Exponent, Inc.; GHD; ICF International, Inc.; Jacobs Solutions, Inc.; Leidos, Inc.; SAIC; Stantec Inc.; TRC Companies, Inc.; Weston Solutions, Inc.; and WSP Global Inc. 
 
 Backlog 
 We include in our backlog only those contracts for which funding has been provided and work authorization has been received. We estimate that approximately 70 of our backlog at the end of fiscal 2024 will be recognized as revenue in fiscal 2025, as work is being performed. However, we cannot guarantee that the revenue projected in our backlog will be realized or, if realized, will result in profits. In addition, project cancellations or scope adjustments may occur with respect to contracts reflected in our backlog. For example, certain of our contracts with the U.S. federal government and other clients are terminable at the discretion of the client, with or without cause. These types of backlog reductions could adversely affect our revenue and margins. Accordingly, our backlog as of any particular date is an uncertain indicator of our future earnings. 
 Our backlog at fiscal 2024 year-end was 5.4 billion, an increase of 586 million, or 12.2 , compared to fiscal 2023 year-end. Of this amount, GSG and CIG reported 3.2 billion and 2.2 billion of backlog, respectively, at fiscal 2024 year-end. 
 
 Regulations 
 We engage in various service activities that are subject to government oversight, including environmental laws and regulations, general government procurement laws and regulations and other regulations and requirements imposed by the specific government agencies with which we conduct business. 
 Environmental. A significant portion of our business involves the planning, design and program management of pollution control facilities, as well as the assessment and management of remediation activities at hazardous waste sites, U.S. Superfund sites and military bases. In addition, we contract with U.S. federal government entities to destroy hazardous materials. These activities require us to manage, handle, remove, treat, transport and dispose of toxic or hazardous substances. 
 Some environmental laws, such as the U.S. Superfund law and similar state, provincial and local statutes, can impose liability for the entire cost of clean-up for contaminated facilities or sites upon present and former owners and operators, as well as generators, transporters and persons arranging for the treatment or disposal of such substances. In addition, while we strive to handle hazardous and toxic substances with care and in accordance with safe methods, the possibility of accidents, leaks, spills and events of force majeure always exist. Humans exposed to these materials, including workers or subcontractors engaged in the transportation and disposal of hazardous materials and persons in affected areas, may be injured or become ill. This could result in lawsuits that expose us to liability and substantial damage awards. Liabilities for contamination or human exposure to hazardous or toxic materials, or a failure to comply with applicable regulations, could result in substantial costs, including clean-up costs, fines, civil or criminal sanctions, third party claims for property damage or personal injury or the cessation of remediation activities. 
 Certain of our business operations are covered by U.S. Public Law 85-804, which provides for government indemnification against claims and damages arising out of unusually hazardous activities performed at the request of the government. Due to changes in public policies and law, however, government indemnification may not be available in the case of any future claims or liabilities relating to other hazardous activities that we perform. 
 Government Procurement. The services we provide to the U.S. federal government are subject to the FAR and other rules and regulations applicable to government contracts. These rules and regulations: 
 11 

require certification and disclosure of all cost and pricing data in connection with the contract negotiations under certain contract types; 
 impose accounting rules that define allowable and unallowable costs and otherwise govern our right to reimbursement under certain cost-based government contracts; and 
 restrict the use and dissemination of information classified for national security purposes and the exportation of certain products and technical data. 
 In addition, services provided to the DoD and U.S. federal civil agencies are monitored by the Defense Contract Management Agency and audited by the DCAA. Our government clients can also terminate any of their contracts, and many of our government contracts are subject to renewal or extension annually. Further, the services we provide to state and local government clients are subject to various government rules and regulations. 
 
 Seasonality 
 We experience seasonal trends in our business. Our revenue and operating income are typically lower in the first half of our fiscal year, primarily due to the Thanksgiving (in the U.S. and Canada), Christmas and New Year's holidays. Many of our clients' employees, as well as our own employees, take vacations during these holiday periods. Further, seasonal inclement weather conditions occasionally cause some of our offices to close temporarily or may hamper our project field work in the northern hemisphere's temperate and arctic regions. These occurrences result in fewer billable hours worked on projects and, correspondingly, less revenue recognized. 
 
 Climate Risk Assessment 
 We assess the impact of climate risk and opportunity on our operations and business periodically, with the oversight of our Board of Directors. Climate risk is a consideration in business continuity planning and security in regions that may experience climate-related disruptions due to extreme weather, fires, or flooding. Climate related impacts may also create increased demand for our services for response and longer-term recovery needs. In some cases, we may be working in regions that also experience socio-political impacts and security disruptions due to the impacts of extreme weather or prolonged drought conditions. As a professional services company, our workforce is highly mobile, able to work remotely, and can in most cases quickly adapt to changes in local conditions. We have business continuity planning and processes in place to address any acute impact to locally affected operations and have the ability to rapidly move to remote and flexible working arrangements while restoring or relocating affected operations. We maintain a strong information technology infrastructure to facilitate remote working and provide virtual access to systems. Our enterprise and project data is accessible through cloud-based systems, reducing the risk of localized disruptions of data access and computer systems. Our offices are typically leased, so we are not at significant risk of physical building assets being impacted. Selecting project activities can be impacted by climate related events; however, these are addressed through our extensive project risk management process. Climate-related disruptions do, in many cases, result in increased opportunity for project work for Tetra Tech. We provide post-disaster response services and may have additional demand for our expertise if there is an increase in the frequency of climate related events. We are able to mobilize rapidly to deploy additional staff and resources to affected areas. Furthermore, our business includes providing a wide range of water, environment and sustainable infrastructure services, many of which are increasingly in demand to address the longer-term impacts associated with drought, water scarcity, heat, flooding and fire risk. 
 
 Risk Management and Insurance 
 Our business activities could expose us to potential risk and liability under various laws and under workplace health and safety regulations. In addition, we occasionally assume liability by contract under indemnification agreements. We cannot predict the magnitude of such potential liabilities. Our Office of Risk Management reviews and oversees the risk profile of our operations, and reports to our Board of Directors. 
 We maintain a comprehensive general liability insurance policy with an umbrella policy that covers losses beyond the general liability limits. We also maintain professional errors and omissions liability, contractor's pollution liability, and cyber liability insurance policies. We believe that these policies provide adequate coverage for our business. When we perform higher-risk work, we obtain, if available, the necessary types of insurance coverage for such activities, as is typically required by our clients. 
 We obtain insurance coverage through a broker that is experienced in our industry. The broker and our risk manager regularly review the adequacy of our insurance coverage. Because there are various exclusions and retentions under our policies, or an insurance carrier may become insolvent, there can be no assurance that all potential liabilities will be covered by our insurance policies or paid by our carrier. 
 We evaluate the risk associated with insurance claims. If we determine that a loss is probable and reasonably estimable, we establish an appropriate reserve. A reserve is not established if we determine that a claim has no merit or is not probable or reasonably estimable. Our historic levels of insurance coverage and reserves have been adequate. However, 
 12 

partially or completely uninsured claims, if successful and of significant magnitude, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 Employees. At fiscal 2024 year-end, we had approximately 30,000 staff worldwide. A large percentage of our employees have technical and professional backgrounds and undergraduate and/or advanced degrees, including the e mployees of recently acquired companies. Our professional staff includes, but is not limited to, analysts, archaeologists, architects, biologists, chemical engineers, chemists, civil engineers, data scientists, computer scientists, digital engineers, economists, electrical engineers, environmental engineers, environmental scientists, geologists, hydrogeologists, mechanical engineers, software engineers, statisticians, oceanographers, project managers and toxicologists. We consider the current relationships with our employees to be favorable. We are not aware of any employment circumstances that are likely to disrupt work at any of our facilities. See Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" for a discussion of the risks related to the loss of key personnel or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel. 
 Health and Safety. Tetra Tech is committed to providing and maintaining a healthy and safe work environment for our associates. We provide training to all associates to support the safe execution of their work to improve their understanding of behaviors that can be perceived as discriminatory, exclusionary and/or harassing, and provide safe avenues for associates to report such behaviors. 
 Ethics and Compliance. Tetra Tech maintains an unwavering commitment to integrity, ethical practices, and conducting business in full compliance with the law. Our Code of Business Ethics and Conduct outlines the general ethical principles that help us make the right decisions when conducting business worldwide. To support our employees, we provide a variety of resources and trainings and offer multiple avenues to raise questions or concerns - to help ensure long-term success for our employees, company, clients, and shareholders. 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Accessibility. Tetra Tech brings together engineers and technical specialists from all backgrounds to solve our clients' most challenging problems. Our Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Accessibility ("DEIA") Policy guides the Board of Directors, management, associates, subcontractors and partners in developing an inclusive culture. Our DEIA Council monitors Tetra Tech's diversity, equity, inclusion and accessibility practices and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer for any changes or improvements to our program. 
 Tetra Tech values diversity, equity, inclusion and accessibility and undertakes various efforts throughout its operations to promote these initiatives. Our current efforts are focused on these primary areas: 
 Equal employment opportunity. Tetra Tech ensures that our practices and processes attract a diverse range of candidates and that candidates are recruited, hired, assigned, developed and promoted based on merit and their alignment with our values. 
 Enhancing learning and development opportunities. To support our employees in reaching their full potential, Tetra Tech offers a wide range of internal and external learning and development opportunities. Education assistance is offered to financially support associates who seek to expand their knowledge and skill base. 
 As part of Tetra Tech's commitment to a culture of inclusion, our Employee Resource Group ("ERG") Program broadens and enhances company-wide interaction opportunities for our employees. Tetra Tech's ERGs are open to all associates and involve activities for both employees whose background is the focus of the ERG and those who are supportive of the group (also known as allies). These global networks build on and coordinate with the many local networks that are already active throughout our operations and include groups focused on the experiences of Black, Latino, Pan-Asian, Women, Veterans, Disabled and LGBTQIA+ employees and emerging professionals. 
 Professional Development. Tetra Tech provides access for all employees to training, technical exchange and collaboration, and skill development resources through its customized Learning Management System, providing professional development opportunities throughout our employees' careers. Technology skills development includes access to a series of live webcasts and recorded technology transfer sessions. Company-wide networking events provide interactive skills development activities. Employees are also provided with access to training in leadership development, project management skills, and interpersonal skills development. Various personal development and wellness programs are sponsored by our Human Resources team. Our Corporate Information Technology team provides access to software training and skills development modules to all employees. Tetra Tech also supports our employees in discipline specific training, certifications, and accreditation programs across the Company. Programs such as specific health and safety programs, hazardous waste investigation, environmental certifications, and professional certifications are encouraged as per client, project and professional development needs. 
 
 13 

Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 The following table shows the name, age and position of each of our executive officers as of November 19, 2024 : 
 Name Age Position Dan L. Batrack 66 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Mr. Batrack joined our predecessor in 1980 and was named Chairman in January 2008. He has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a director since November 2005, and as our President from October 2008 to September 2019. Mr. Batrack has served in numerous capacities over the last 40 years, including arctic research scientist, deep water oceanographic hydrographer, coastal hydrodynamic modeler, environmental data analyst, project and program manager, President of the Engineering Division, and in 2004 he was appointed Chief Operating Officer. He has managed complex programs for many small and Fortune 500 clients, both in the United States and internationally. Mr. Batrack holds a B.A. degree in Business Administration from the University of Washington. 
 
 Steven M. Burdick 60 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Mr. Burdick has served as our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since April 2011. He served as our Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer from January 2004 to March 2011. Mr. Burdick joined us in April 2003 as Vice President, Management Audit. Previously, Mr. Burdick served in senior financial and executive positions with Aura Systems, Inc., TRW Ventures, and Ernst Young LLP. Mr. Burdick holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration from Santa Clara University and is a Certified Public Accountant. Leslie Shoemaker 67 Executive Vice President, Chief Innovation and Sustainability Officer Dr. Shoemaker currently serves as Executive Vice President, Chief Innovation and Sustainability Officer focused on the advancement of Tetra Tech Delta technologies, development and deployment of our subscription software offerings, and company-wide technology innovation programs. Dr. Shoemaker joined us in 1991, and has served in various management capacities, including Tetra Tech President, Chief Strategist, business group president, and water resources project manager. Her technical expertise is in the development models and data analytics that leverage emerging technologies to optimize the management of large-scale complex watersheds. Since the inception of our sustainability program in 2010, she has served as Chief Sustainability Officer leading the formation and evolution of the program. Dr. Shoemaker holds a B.A. in Mathematics from Hamilton College, a Master of Engineering from Cornell University and a Ph.D. in Agricultural Engineering from the University of Maryland. She was inducted into the United States' National Academy of Engineers in 2022. 
 14 

Name Age Position Roger R. Argus 63 Executive Vice President, President of CIG Mr. Argus is a chemical engineer with 39 years of experience, including over 30 years with us in operational leadership, program and project management and quality assurance for projects encompassing a broad spectrum of environmental, engineering, information technology and disaster management services. Mr. Argus has also been responsible for managing multidisciplinary contracts and projects in support of the U.S. federal government (i.e., U.S. Navy, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency), state and municipal agencies and private clients nationwide. The scope of his technical experience includes planning and directing environmental programs, developing data acquisition, management and analytics solutions, fund research and development support for innovative environmental technologies and waste treatment systems, municipal resiliency and sustainability programs. Mr. Argus holds a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from California State University, Long Beach. Brian N. Carter 57 Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Mr. Carter joined us as Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer in June 2011 and was appointed Senior Vice President in October 2012. Previously, Mr. Carter served in finance and auditing positions in private industry and with Ernst Young LLP. Mr. Carter holds a B.S. in Business Administration from Miami University and is a Certified Public Accountant. Preston Hopson 48 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Human Capital Officer Mr. Hopson joined us as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary to the Board of Directors in January 2018, was appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Human Capital officer in November 2024. He also serves as the Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer. Previously, Mr. Hopson served as Vice President, Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary at AECOM. Prior to this, he was a corporate and securities lawyer at O Melveny Myers LLP and also worked at the U.S. Court of Appeals. Mr. Hopson holds B.A. and J.D. degrees from Yale University. 
 
 15 

Available Information 
 Our internet website address is www.tetratech.com. We made available, free electronic copies of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports through the Investor Relations portion of our website, under the heading SEC Filings filed under Financial Information. These reports are available on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). These reports, and any amendments to them, are also available at the Internet website of the SEC, https://www.sec.gov. Also available on our website are our Corporate Governance Policies, Board Committees, Corporate Code of Conduct and Finance Code of Professional Conduct. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 We operate in a changing environment that involves numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our operations. Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file with the SEC are descriptions of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. Additional risks we do not yet know of or that we currently think are immaterial may also affect our business operations. If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 If we fail to complete a project in a timely manner, miss a required performance standard or otherwise fail to adequately perform on a project, then we may incur a loss on that project, which may reduce or eliminate our overall profitability. 
 Our engagements often involve large-scale, complex projects. The quality of our performance on such projects depends in large part upon our ability to manage the relationship with our clients and our ability to effectively manage the project and deploy appropriate resources, including third-party contractors and our own personnel, in a timely manner. We may commit to a client that we will complete a project by a scheduled date. We may also commit that a project, when completed, will achieve specified performance standards. If the project is not completed by the scheduled date or fails to meet required performance standards, we may either incur significant additional costs or be held responsible for the costs incurred by the client to rectify damages due to late completion or failure to achieve the required performance standards. The uncertainty of the timing of a project can present difficulties in planning the amount of personnel needed for the project. If the project is delayed or canceled, we may bear the cost of an underutilized workforce that was dedicated to fulfilling the project. In addition, performance of projects can be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including unavoidable delays from government inaction, public opposition, inability to obtain financing, weather conditions, unavailability of materials, changes in the project scope of services requested by our clients, industrial accidents, environmental hazards and labor disruptions. To the extent these events occur, the total costs of the project could exceed our estimates, and we could experience reduced profits or, in some cases, incur a loss on a project, which may reduce or eliminate our overall profitability. Further, any defects or errors, or failures to meet our clients expectations, could result in claims for damages against us. Failure to meet performance standards or complete performance on a timely basis could also adversely affect our reputation and client base. 
 Demand for our services is cyclical and vulnerable to economic downturns. If economic growth slows, government fiscal conditions worsen or client spending declines, then our revenue, profits and financial condition may deteriorate. 
 Demand for our services is cyclical, and vulnerable to economic downturns and reductions in government and private industry spending. Such downturns or reductions may result in clients delaying, curtailing or canceling proposed and existing projects. Our business traditionally lags the overall recovery in the economy; therefore, our business may not recover immediately when the economy improves. If economic growth slows, government fiscal conditions worsen or client spending declines, then our revenue, profits and overall financial condition may deteriorate. Our government clients may face budget deficits that prohibit them from funding new or existing projects. In addition, our existing and potential clients may either postpone entering into new contracts or request price concessions. Difficult financing and economic conditions may cause some of our clients to demand better pricing terms or delay payments for services we perform, thereby increasing the average number of days our receivables are outstanding and the potential of increased credit losses of uncollectible invoices. Further, these conditions may result in the inability of some of our clients to pay us for services that we have already performed. If we are not able to reduce our costs quickly enough to respond to the revenue decline from these clients, our operating results may be adversely affected. Accordingly, these factors affect our ability to forecast our future revenue and earnings from business areas that may be adversely impacted by market conditions. Any of these factors could adversely affect the demand for our services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our industry is highly competitive, and we may be unable to compete effectively, which could result in reduced revenue, profitability and market share. 
 16 

We are engaged in a highly competitive business. The markets that we serve are highly fragmented and we compete with many regional, national and international companies. Certain of these competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do. Others are smaller and more specialized and concentrate their resources in particular areas of expertise. The extent of our competition varies according to certain markets and geographic area. In addition, the technical and professional aspects of some of our services generally do not require large upfront capital expenditures and provide limited barriers against new competitors. 
 The degree and type of competition that we face is also influenced by the type and scope of a particular project. Our clients make competitive determinations based upon qualifications, experience, performance, reputation, technology, customer relationships and ability to provide the relevant services in a timely, safe and cost-efficient manner. This competitive environment could force us to make price concessions or otherwise reduce prices for our services. If we are unable to maintain our competitiveness and win bids for future projects, our market share, revenue and profits will decline. 
 Our international operations expose us to legal, political and economic risks in different countries as well as currency exchange rate fluctuations that could harm our business and financial results. 
 In fiscal 2024, we generated 38.5 of our revenue from our international operations, primarily in Canada, Australia, Europe, the United Kingdom and from international clients for work that is performed by our domestic operations. International business is subject to a variety of risks, including: imposition of governmental controls and changes in laws, regulations or policies; lack of developed legal systems to enforce contractual rights; greater risk of uncollectible accounts and longer collection cycles; currency exchange rate fluctuations, devaluations and other conversion restrictions; uncertain and changing tax rules, regulations and rates; the potential for civil unrest, acts of terrorism, force majeure, war or other armed conflict and greater physical security risks, which may cause us to have to leave a country quickly; logistical and communication challenges; changes in regulatory practices, including trade policies, tariffs and taxes; changes in labor conditions; general economic, political and financial conditions in foreign markets; and exposure to civil or criminal liability under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), the U.K. Bribery Act, the Canadian Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act, the Brazilian Clean Companies Act, the anti-boycott rules, trade and export control regulations as well as other international regulations. 
 International risks and violations of international regulations may significantly reduce our revenue and profits, and subject us to criminal or civil enforcement actions, including fines, suspensions or disqualification from future U.S. federal procurement contracting. Although we have policies and procedures to monitor legal and regulatory compliance, our employees, subcontractors and agents could take actions that violate these requirements. As a result, our international risk exposure may be more or less than the percentage of revenue attributed to our international operations. 
 Continuing worldwide political, social and economic uncertainties may adversely affect our revenue and profitability. 
 The last several years have been periodically marked by political, social and economic concerns, including decreased consumer confidence, the lingering effects of international conflicts, and higher energy costs and inflation. Ongoing instability and current conflicts in global markets, including Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Asia, and the potential for other conflicts and future terrorist activities and other recent geopolitical events throughout the world, including the ongoing state of war between Israel and Hamas and the related larger regional conflict, have created and may continue to create economic and political uncertainties and impacts. This instability can make it extremely difficult for our clients, our vendors and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities, and could cause constrained spending on our services, delays and a lengthening of our business development efforts, the demand for more favorable pricing or other terms and/or difficulty in collection of our accounts receivable. Our government clients may face budget deficits that prohibit them from funding proposed and existing projects. Further, ongoing economic instability in the global markets could limit our ability to access the capital markets at a time when we would like, or need, to raise capital, which could have an impact on our ability to react to changing business conditions or new opportunities. If economic conditions remain uncertain or weakened, or government spending is reduced, our revenue and profitability could be adversely affected. 
 Our backlog is subject to cancellation, unexpected adjustments and changing economic conditions and is an uncertain indicator of future operating results. 
 Our backlog at fiscal 2024 year-end was 5.4 billion, an increase of 586 million, or 12.2 , compared to fiscal 2023 year-end. We include in backlog only those contracts for which funding has been provided and work authorizations have been received. We canno t guarantee that the revenue projected in our backlog will be realized or, if realized, will result in profits. In addition, project delays, suspensions, terminations, cancellations, reductions in scope, or other adjustments do occur from time to time in our industry due to considerations beyond our control and may have a material impact on the value of reported backlog with a corresponding adverse impact on future revenues and profitability. For example, certain of our contracts with the U.S. federal government and other clients are terminable at the discretion of the client, with or without cause. These types of backlog reductions could adversely affect our revenue and margins. As a result of these factors, our backlog as of any particular date is an uncertain indicator of our future earnings. 
 17 

The loss of key personnel or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could impair our ability to provide services to our clients and otherwise conduct our business effectively. 
 As primarily a professional and technical services company, we are labor-intensive and, therefore, our ability to attract, retain and expand our senior management and our professional and technical staff is an important factor in determining our future success. The market for qualified scientists and engineers is competitive and, from time to time, it may be difficult to attract and retain qualified individuals with the required expertise within the timeframe demanded by our clients. For example, some of our U.S. government contracts may require us to employ only individuals who have particular government security clearance levels. In addition, if we are unable to retain executives and other key personnel, the roles and responsibilities of those employees will need to be filled, which may require that we devote time and resources to identify, hire and integrate new employees. The loss of the services of any of these key personnel could adversely affect our business. Our failure to attract and retain key individuals could impair our ability to provide services to our clients and conduct our business effectively. 
 If our contractors and subcontractors fail to satisfy their obligations to us or other parties, or if we are unable to maintain these relationships, our revenue, profitability and growth prospects could be adversely affected. 
 We depend on contractors and subcontractors in conducting our business. There is a risk that we may have disputes with our subcontractors arising from, among other things, the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor, client concerns about the subcontractor or our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract. In addition, if a subcontractor fails to deliver on a timely basis the agreed-upon supplies, fails to perform the agreed-upon services or goes out of business, then we may be required to purchase the services or supplies from another source at a higher price, and our ability to fulfill our obligations as a prime contractor may be jeopardized. This may reduce the profit to be realized or result in a loss on a project for which the services or supplies are needed. 
 We also rely on relationships with other contractors when we act as their subcontractor or joint venture partner. The absence of qualified subcontractors with which we have a satisfactory relationship could adversely affect the quality of our service and our ability to perform under some of our contracts. Our future revenue and growth prospects could be adversely affected if other contractors eliminate or reduce their subcontracts or teaming arrangement relationships with us, or if a government agency terminates or reduces these other contractors programs, does not award them new contracts, or refuses to pay under a contract. 
 Our failure to meet contractual schedule or performance requirements that we have guaranteed could adversely affect our operating results . 
 In certain circumstances, we can incur liquidated or other damages if we do not achieve project completion by a scheduled date. If we or an entity for which we have provided a guarantee subsequently fails to complete the project as scheduled and the matter cannot be satisfactorily resolved with the client, we may be responsible for cost impacts to the client resulting from any delay or the cost to complete the project. Our costs generally increase from schedule delays and/or could exceed our projections and the anticipated revenue for a particular project. In addition, project performance can be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including unavoidable delays from governmental inaction, public opposition, inability to obtain financing, weather conditions, unavailability of vendor materials, changes in the project scope of services requested by our clients, industrial accidents, environmental hazards, labor disruptions and other factors. As a result, material performance problems for existing and future contracts could cause actual results of operations to differ from those anticipated by us and could cause us to suffer damage to our reputation within our industry and client base. 
 Our failure to implement and comply with our safety program could adversely affect our operating results or financial condition. 
 Our project sites often put our employees and others in close proximity with mechanized equipment, moving vehicles, chemical and manufacturing processes and highly regulated materials. We maintain an enterprise-wide group of health and safety professionals to help ensure that the services we provide are delivered safely and in accordance with standard work processes. Unsafe job sites and office environments have the potential to increase employee turnover, increase the cost of a project to our clients, expose us to types and levels of risk that are fundamentally unacceptable and raise our operating costs. The implementation of our safety processes and procedures are monitored by various agencies, including the U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA ), and rating bureaus and may be evaluated by certain clients in cases in which safety requirements have been established in our contracts. Our failure to meet these requirements or our failure to properly implement and comply with our safety program could result in reduced profitability, the loss of projects or clients or potential litigation, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 Our business activities may require our employees to travel to and work in countries where there are high security risks, which may result in employee death or injury, repatriation costs or other unforeseen costs. 
 Certain of our contracts require our employees travel to and work in high-risk countries that are undergoing political, social and economic upheavals resulting from war, civil unrest, criminal activity, acts of terrorism or public health crises. As a 
 18 

result, we risk loss of or injury to our employees and may be subject to costs related to employee death or injury, repatriation or other unforeseen circumstances. We may choose or be forced to leave a country with little or no warning due to physical security risks. 
 Unavailability or cancellation of third-party insurance coverage would increase our overall risk exposure as well as disrupt the management of our business operations. 
 Our services involve significant risks of professional and other liabilities, which may substantially exceed the fees that we derive from our services. We maintain insurance coverage from third-party insurers as part of our overall risk management strategy and because some of our contracts require us to maintain specific insurance coverage limits. From time to time, we assume liabilities as a result of indemnification provisions contained in our service contracts. We cannot predict the magnitude of these potential liabilities. 
 We are liable to pay such liabilities from our assets if and when the aggregate settlement or judgment amount exceeds our insurance policy limits. Further, our insurance may not protect us against liability because our policies typically have various exceptions to the claims covered and also require us to assume some costs of the claim even though a portion of the claim may be covered. A partially or completely uninsured claim, if successful and of significant magnitude, could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity. 
 If any of our third-party insurers fail, suddenly cancel our coverage, or otherwise are unable to provide us with adequate insurance coverage, then our overall risk exposure and our operational expenses would increase and the management of our business operations would be disrupted. In addition, if we expand into new markets, we may not be able to obtain insurance coverage for these new activities or, if insurance is obtained, the dollar amount of any liabilities incurred could exceed our insurance coverage. There can be no assurance that any of our existing insurance coverage will be renewable upon the expiration of the coverage period or that future coverage will be affordable at the required limits. 
 Our inability to obtain adequate bonding could have a material adverse effect on our future revenue and business prospects. 
 Certain clients require bid bonds, and performance and payment bonds. These bonds indemnify the client should we fail to perform our obligations under a contract. If a bond is required for a certain project and we are unable to obtain an appropriate bond, we cannot pursue that project. In some instances, we are required to co-venture with a small or disadvantaged business to pursue certain government contracts. In connection with these ventures, we are sometimes required to utilize our bonding capacity to cover all of the obligations under the contract with the client. We have a bonding facility but, as is typically the case, the issuance of bonds under that facility is at the surety s sole discretion. There can be no assurance that bonds will continue to be available to us on reasonable terms. Additionally, even if we continue to access bonding capacity to sufficiently bond future work, we may be required to post collateral to secure bonds, which would decrease the liquidity available for other purposes. Our inability to obtain adequate bonding and, as a result, to bid on new work could have a material adverse effect on our future revenue and business prospects. 
 We may be precluded from providing certain services due to conflict of interest issues. 
 Many of our clients are concerned about potential or actual conflicts of interest in retaining management consultants. Many commercial and government clients have formal policies against continuing or awarding contracts that would create actual or potential conflicts of interest with other activities of a contractor. These policies may prevent us from bidding for or performing contracts resulting from or relating to certain work we have performed. We have, on occasion, declined to bid on projects due to conflict of interest issues. If we fail to address actual or potential conflicts properly, or even if we simply fail to recognize a perceived conflict, we may be in violation of our existing contracts, may otherwise incur liability, and may lose future business for not preventing the conflict from arising, and our reputation may suffer. 
 Our actual business and financial results could differ from the estimates and assumptions that we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements, which may significantly reduce or eliminate our profits. 
 To prepare consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S., management is required to make estimates and assumptions as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported values of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses as well as disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. For example, we typically recognize revenue over the life of a contract based on the proportion of costs incurred to date compared to the total costs estimated to be incurred for the entire project. Areas requiring significant estimates by our management include: the application of the percentage-of-completion method of accounting and revenue recognition on contracts, change orders and contract claims, including related unbilled accounts receivable; unbilled accounts receivable, including amounts related to requests for equitable adjustment to contracts that provide for price redetermination, primarily with the U.S. federal government. These amounts are recorded only when they can be reliably estimated and realization is probable; provisions for uncollectible receivables, client claims and recoveries of costs from subcontractors, 
 19 

vendors and others; provisions for income taxes, research and development tax credits, valuation allowances and unrecognized tax benefits; and value of goodwill and recoverability of intangible assets. 
 Our actual business and financial results could differ from those estimates, which may significantly reduce or eliminate our profits. 
 Our profitability could suffer if we are not able to maintain adequate utilization of our workforce. 
 The cost of providing our services, including the extent to which we utilize our workforce, affects our profitability. The rate at which we utilize our workforce is affected by a number of factors, including: our ability to transition employees from completed projects to new assignments and to hire and assimilate new employees; our ability to forecast demand for our services and thereby maintain an appropriate headcount in each of our geographies and operating units; and our ability to manage attrition. 
 If we over-utilize our workforce, our employees may become disengaged, which could impact employee attrition. If we under-utilize our workforce, our profit margin and profitability could suffer. 
 Our use of the percentage-of-completion method of revenue recognition could result in a reduction or reversal of previously recorded revenue and profits. 
 We account for most of our contracts on the percentage-of-completion method of revenue recognition. Generally, our use of this method results in recognition of revenue and profit ratably over the life of the contract, based on the proportion of costs incurred to date to total costs expected to be incurred for the entire project. The effects of revisions to estimated revenue and costs, including the achievement of award fees and the impact of change orders and claims, are recorded when the amounts are known and can be reasonably estimated. Such revisions could occur in any period and their effects could be material. Although we have historically made reasonably reliable estimates of the progress towards completion of long-term contracts, the uncertainties inherent in the estimating process make it possible for actual costs to vary materially from estimates, including reductions or reversals of previously recorded revenue and profit. 
 If we are unable to accurately estimate and control our contract costs, then we may incur losses on our contracts, which could decrease our operating margins and reduce our profits. Specifically, our fixed-price contracts could increase the unpredictability of our earnings. 
 It is important for us to accurately estimate and control our contract costs so that we can maintain positive operating margins and profitability. We generally enter into three principal types of contracts with our clients: fixed-price, time-and-materials and cost-plus. 
 The U.S. federal government and certain other clients have increased the use of fixed-priced contracts. Under fixed-price contracts, we receive a fixed price irrespective of the actual costs we incur and, consequently, we are exposed to a number of risks. We realize a profit on fixed-price contracts only if we can control our costs and prevent cost over-runs on our contracts. Fixed-price contracts require cost and scheduling estimates that are based on a number of assumptions, including those about future economic conditions, costs and availability of labor, equipment and materials and other exigencies. We could experience cost over-runs if these estimates are originally inaccurate as a result of errors or ambiguities in the contract specifications or become inaccurate as a result of a change in circumstances following the submission of the estimate due to, among other things, unanticipated technical or equipment problems, difficulties in obtaining permits or approvals, changes in local laws or labor conditions, weather delays, changes in the costs of raw materials or the inability of our vendors or subcontractors to perform their obligations. If cost overruns occur, we could experience reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for that project and could increase the unpredictability of our earnings, as well as have a material adverse impact on our business and earnings. 
 Under our time-and-materials contracts, we are paid for labor at negotiated hourly billing rates and paid for other expenses. Profitability on these contracts is driven by billable headcount and cost control. Many of our time-and-materials contracts are subject to maximum contract values and, accordingly, revenue relating to these contracts is recognized as if these contracts were fixed-price contracts. Under our cost-plus contracts, some of which are subject to contract ceiling amounts, we are reimbursed for allowable costs and fees, which may be fixed or performance-based. If our costs exceed the contract ceiling or are not allowable under the provisions of the contract or any applicable regulations, we may not be able to obtain reimbursement for all of the costs we incur. 
 Profitability on our contracts is driven by billable headcount and our ability to manage our subcontractors, vendors and material suppliers. If we are unable to accurately estimate and manage our costs, we may incur losses on our contracts, which could decrease our operating margins and significantly reduce or eliminate our profits. Certain of our contracts require us to satisfy specific design, engineering, procurement or construction mile stones in order to receive payment for the work completed or equipment or supplies procured prior to achievement of the applicable milestone. As a result, under these types of arrangements, we may incur significant costs or perform significant amounts of services prior to receipt of payment. If a client 
 20 

determines not to proceed with the completion of the project or if the client defaults on its payment obligations, we may face difficulties in collecting payment of amounts due to us for the costs previously incurred or for the amounts previously expended to purchase equipment or supplies. 
 Accounting for a contract requires judgments relative to assessing the contract s estimated risks, revenue, costs and other technical issues. Due to the size and nature of many of our contracts, the estimation of overall risk, revenue and cost at completion is complicated and subject to many variables. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates may also adversely affect future period financial performance. If we are unable to accurately estimate the overall revenue or costs on a contract, then we may experience a lower profit or incur a loss on the contract. 
 Cyber security incidents affecting our systems and information technology could adversely impact our ability to operate and we could experience adverse consequences resulting from such compromises, including but not limited to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; and other adverse consequences. 
 We face the threat to our computer systems of unauthorized access, computer hackers, computer viruses, malicious code, organized cyber-attacks and other security problems and system disruptions, including possible unauthorized access to our and our clients' proprietary or classified information. We rely on industry-accepted security measures and technology to securely maintain all confidential and proprietary information on our information systems. In addition, we rely on the security of third-party service providers, vendors and cloud services providers to protect confidential data. In the ordinary course of business, we have been targeted by malicious cyber-attacks. A user who circumvents security measures could misappropriate confidential or proprietary information, including information regarding us, our personnel and/or our clients or cause interruptions or malfunctions in operations. As a result, we may be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of these system disruptions and security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these disruptions and breaches. 
 We also rely in part on third-party software and information technology vendors to run our critical accounting, project management and financial information systems. Our software and information technology vendors may decide to discontinue further development, integration or long-term software and hardware support for our information systems, in which case we may need to abandon one or more of our current information systems and migrate some or all of our accounting, project management and financial information to other systems, thus increasing our operational expense, as well as disrupting the management of our business operations. 
 While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security incidents, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. Vulnerabilities in our systems pose material risks to our business. Applicable data privacy and security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security incidents. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. Any of these events could damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In addition, we cannot be sure that our insurance coverage will be adequate or sufficient to protect us from or to mitigate liabilities arising out of our privacy and security practices, that such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that such coverage will pay future claims. 
 Risks Related to Our Clients 
 We derive a substantial amount of our revenue from U.S. federal, state and local government agencies, and any disruption in government funding or in our relationship with those agencies could adversely affect our business. 
 In fiscal 2024, we generated 44.0 of our revenue from contracts with U.S. federal, and state and local government agencies. A significant amount of this revenue is derived under multi-year contracts, many of which are appropriated on an annual basis. As a result, at the beginning of a project, the related contract may be only partially funded, and additional funding is normally committed only as appropriations are made in each subsequent year. These appropriations, and the timing of payment of appropriated amounts, may be influenced by numerous factors as noted below. Our backlog includes only the projects that have funding appropriated. 
 The demand for our U.S. government-related services is generally driven by the level of government program funding. A significant reduction in federal government spending, the absence of a bipartisan agreement on the federal government budget, a partial or full federal government shutdown or a change in budgetary priorities could reduce demand for our services, cancel or delay federal projects, result in the closure of federal facilities and significant personnel reductions and have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 There are several additional factors that could materially affect our U.S. government contracting business, which could cause U.S. government agencies to delay or cancel programs, to reduce their orders under existing contracts, to exercise their rights to terminate contracts or not to exercise contract options for renewals or extensions. Such factors, which include the 
 21 

following, could have a material adverse effect on our revenue or the timing of contract payments from U.S. government agencies: the failure of the U.S. government to complete its budget and appropriations process before its fiscal year-end; changes in and delays or cancellations of government programs, procurements, requirements or appropriations; budget constraints or policy changes resulting in delay or curtailment of expenditures related to the services we provide; and re-competes of government contracts. 
 Our failure to win new contracts and renew existing contracts with private and public sector clients could adversely affect our profitability. 
 Our business depends on our ability to win new contracts and renew existing contracts with private and public sector clients. Contract proposals and negotiations are complex and frequently involve a lengthy bidding and selection process, which is affected by a number of factors. These factors include market conditions, financing arrangements, required governmental approvals, client relationships and our professional reputation. If we are not able to replace the revenue from expiring contracts, either through follow-on contracts or new contracts, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. If negative market conditions continue to persist, or if we fail to secure adequate financial arrangements or the required government approval, we may not be able to pursue certain projects, which could adversely affect our profitability. 
 Our inability to win or renew U.S. government contracts during regulated procurement processes could harm our operations and significantly reduce or eliminate our profits. 
 U.S. government contracts are awarded through a regulated procurement process. The U.S. federal government has increasingly relied upon multi-year contracts with pre-established terms and conditions, such as indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity IDIQ contracts, which generally require those contractors who have previously been awarded the IDIQ to engage in an additional competitive bidding process before a task order is issued. As a result, new work awards tend to be smaller and of shorter duration, since the orders represent individual tasks rather than large, programmatic assignments. In addition, we believe that there has been an increase in the award of federal contracts based on a low-price, technically acceptable criteria emphasizing price over qualitative factors, such as past performance. As a result, pricing pressure may reduce our profit margins on future federal contracts. Moreover, even if we are qualified to work on a government contract, we may not be awarded the contract because of existing government policies designed to protect small businesses and under-represented minority contractors. Our inability to win or renew government contracts during regulated procurement processes could harm our operations and significantly reduce or eliminate our profits. 
 Each year, client funding for some of our U.S. government contracts may rely on government appropriations or public-supported financing. If adequate public funding is delayed or is not available, then our profits and revenue could decline. 
 A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from contracts with agencies and departments of federal, state and local governments. Each year, client funding for some of our U.S. government contracts may directly or indirectly rely on government appropriations or public-supported financing. Legislatures may appropriate funds for a given project on a year-by-year basis, even though the project may take more than one year to perform. In addition, public-supported financing such as U.S. state and local municipal bonds may be only partially raised to support existing projects. Similarly, an economic downturn may make it more difficult for governments to fund projects. In addition to the state of the economy and competing political priorities, public funds and the timing of payment of these funds may be influenced by, among other things, curtailments in the use of government contracting firms, increases in raw material costs, delays associated with insufficient numbers of government staff to oversee contracts, budget constraints, the timing and amount of tax receipts and the overall level of government expenditures. If adequate funding is not available or is delayed, then our profits and revenue could decline. 
 If we cannot collect our receivables or if payment is delayed, our business may be adversely affected by our inability to generate cash flow, provide working capital, or continue our business operations. 
 We depend on the timely collection of our receivables to generate cash flow, provide working capital, and continue our business operations. If the U.S. government or any other client or any prime contractor for whom we are a subcontractor fails to pay or delays the payment of invoices for any reason, our business and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. Clients may delay or fail to pay invoices for a number of reasons, including lack of appropriated funds, lack of an approved budget, lack of revised or final settled billing rates as a result of open audit years, as a result of audit findings by government regulatory agencies or for a variety of other reasons. 
 Certain contracts may give clients the right to modify, delay, curtail, renegotiate or terminate existing contracts at their convenience at any time prior to their completion, which may result in a decline in our profits and revenue. 
 Certain projects in which we participate as a contractor or subcontractor may extend for several years. Generally, government contracts include the right to modify, delay, curtail, renegotiate or terminate contracts and subcontracts at the government s convenience any time prior to their completion. Any decision by a client to modify, delay, curtail, renegotiate or terminate our contracts at their convenience may result in a decline in our profits and revenue. If one of these clients terminates 
 22 

their contract for convenience, we may only be able to bill the client for work completed prior to the termination, plus any commitments and settlement expenses such client agrees to pay, but not for any work not yet performed. 
 Our revenue and growth prospects may be harmed if we or our employees are unable to obtain government granted eligibility or other qualifications we and they need to perform services for our customers. 
 A number of government programs require contractors to have certain kinds of government granted eligibility, such as security clearance credentials. Depending on the project, eligibility can be difficult and time-consuming to obtain. If we or our employees are unable to obtain or retain the necessary eligibility, we may not be able to win new business, and our existing customers could terminate their contracts with us or decide not to renew them. To the extent we cannot obtain or maintain the required security clearances for our employees working on a particular contract, we may not derive the revenue or profit anticipated from such contract. 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our debt. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness, including our convertible notes, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. 
 We may not be able to obtain capital when desired on favorable terms, if at all, or without dilution to our stockholders, which may impact our ability to execute on our current or future business strategies. 
 If we do not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or otherwise, we may need additional financing to execute on our current or future business strategies, including developing new or enhancing existing service lines, expanding our business geographically, enhancing our operating infrastructure, acquiring complementary businesses, or otherwise responding to competitive pressures. We cannot assure that additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. Furthermore, if we raise additional funds through the issuance of convertible debt or equity securities, the percentage ownership of our stockholders could be significantly diluted, and these newly issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, if and when needed, our ability to fund our operations, meet obligations in the normal course of business, take advantage of strategic business opportunities, or otherwise respond to competitive pressures would be significantly limited. 
 Restrictive covenants in our credit agreement may restrict our ability to pursue certain business strategies. 
 Our credit agreement limits or restricts our ability to, among other things: incur additional indebtedness; create liens securing debt or other encumbrances on our assets; make loans or advances; pay dividends or make distributions to our stockholders; purchase or redeem our stock; repay indebtedness that is junior to indebtedness under our credit agreement; acquire the assets of, or merge or consolidate with, other companies; and sell, lease or otherwise dispose of assets. 
 Our credit agreement also requires that we maintain certain financial ratios, which we may not be able to achieve. The covenants may impair our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in other favorable business activities. Failing to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default under the credit agreement, which could result in us being required to repay the amounts outstanding prior to maturity. These prepayment obligations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Furthermore, if we are unable to repay the amounts due and payable under the credit agreement, the lenders could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. In the event the lenders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. 
 We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of our convertible notes or to repurchase our convertible notes upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of our convertible notes. 
 Holders of our convertible notes have the right, subject to certain conditions and limited exceptions, to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their convertible notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the convertible notes) at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the convertible notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change 
 23 

repurchase date. In addition, upon any conversion of our convertible notes, we will be required to make cash payments for each 1,000 in principal amount of our convertible notes converted of at least the lesser of 1,000 and the sum of the daily conversion values indenture governing our convertible notes. However, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of our convertible notes surrendered or pay cash with respect to our convertible notes being converted. In addition, our ability to repurchase our convertible notes or to pay cash upon conversions of our convertible notes may be limited by law, by regulatory authority or by agreements governing our future indebtedness. Our failure to repurchase our convertible notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the indenture governing our convertible notes or to pay any cash payable on future conversions of our convertible notes as required by the indenture governing our convertible notes would constitute a default under the indenture governing our convertible notes. A default under the indenture governing our convertible notes or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our indebtedness. If the repayment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness and repurchase our convertible notes or make cash payments upon conversions thereof. 
 The conditional conversion feature of our convertible notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 In the event the conditional conversion feature of our convertible notes is triggered, holders of our convertible notes will be entitled to convert their notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their notes, we would be required to settle any converted principal amount of such notes through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of our convertible notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. 
 Changes in the accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as our convertible notes, could have a material effect on our reported financial results. 
 The accounting method for reflecting our convertible notes on our balance sheet, accruing interest expense for our convertible notes and reflecting the underlying shares of our common stock in our reported diluted earnings per share may adversely affect our reported earnings and financial condition. 
 In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board published Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06 ASU 2020-06 ), which simplified certain of the accounting standards that apply to convertible notes. ASU 2020-06 eliminated the cash conversion and beneficial conversion feature modes used to separately account for embedded conversion features as a component of equity. Instead, an entity would account for convertible debt or convertible preferred stock securities as a single unit of account, unless the conversion feature requires bifurcation and recognition as derivatives. Additionally, the guidance requires entities to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments in the diluted earnings per share calculation and to include the effect of potential share settlement for instruments that may be settled in cash or shares. We adopted ASU 2020-06 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020. 
 In accordance with ASU 2020-06, our convertible notes are reflected as a liability on our balance sheets, with the initial carrying amount equal to the principal amount of the convertible notes, net of issuance costs. The issuance costs were treated as contra debt for accounting purposes, which will be amortized into interest expense over the term of our convertible notes. As a result of this amortization, the interest expense that we expect to recognize for our convertible notes for accounting purposes will be greater than the cash interest payments we will pay on our convertible notes. 
 In addition, the shares of our common stock underlying our convertible notes will be reflected in our diluted earnings per share using the if-converted method, in accordance with ASU 2020-06. Under the if-converted method, diluted earnings per share would generally be calculated assuming that all our convertible notes were converted solely into shares of our common stock at the beginning of the reporting period, unless the result would be anti-dilutive. However, for convertible notes in which the principal amount must be settled in cash and the conversion spread value in shares or cash upon conversions (such as our convertible notes), the if-converted method requires that interest expense is not adjusted in the numerator and the denominator only includes the net number of incremental shares that would be issued upon conversion. The application of the if-converted method may reduce our reported diluted earnings per share, to the extent the price of our common stock exceeds the conversion price. Accounting standards may change in the future in a manner that may adversely affect our diluted earnings per share. 
 Furthermore, if any of the conditions to the convertibility of our convertible notes is satisfied, then we may be required under applicable accounting standards to reclassify the liability carrying value of our convertible notes as a current, rather than a long-term, liability. This reclassification could be required even if no holders convert their notes and could materially reduce our reported working capital. 
 24 

Conversion of our convertible notes may dilute the ownership interest of our stockholders or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock. 
 The conversion of some or all of our convertible notes may dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. Upon conversion of our convertible notes, we have the option to pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock in respect of the remainder, if any, of our conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of our convertible notes being converted. If we elect to settle the remainder, if any, of our conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of our convertible notes being converted in shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, any sales in the public market of our common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of our convertible notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of our convertible notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of our convertible notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock. 
 The capped call transactions may affect the value of our common stock. 
 In connection with the pricing of our convertible notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with the option counterparties. The capped call transactions cover, subject to customary adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to our convertible notes, the number of shares of our common stock initially underlying our convertible notes. The capped call transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of our convertible notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted notes (if and when we elect to settle the conversion spread value in cash), as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. 
 In addition, the option counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions following the pricing of our convertible notes and prior to the maturity of our convertible notes (and are likely to do so during any observation period related to a conversion of our convertible notes or, to the extent we exercise the relevant election under the capped call transactions, following any repurchase or redemption of our convertible notes). This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock. 
 In addition, if any such capped call transactions fail to become effective, the option counterparties or their respective affiliates may unwind their hedge positions with respect to our common stock, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the capped call transactions. 
 The option counterparties are financial institutions, and we are subject to the risk that any or all of them might default under the capped call transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties is not secured by any collateral. 
 If an option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under the capped call transaction with such option counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, an increase in our exposure will be correlated to an increase in the market price and in the volatility of our common stock. In addition, upon a default by an option counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of the option counterparties. 
 Risks Related to Growth and Acquisitions 
 If we are not able to successfully manage our growth strategy, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Our expected future growth presents numerous managerial, administrative, operational and other challenges. Our ability to manage the growth of our operations will require us to continue to improve our management information systems and our other internal systems and controls. In addition, our growth will increase our need to attract, develop, motivate and retain both our management and professional employees. The inability to effectively manage our growth or the inability of our employees to achieve anticipated performance could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We have made and expect to continue to make acquisitions. Acquisitions could disrupt our operations and adversely impact our business and operating results. Our failure to conduct due diligence effectively or our inability to successfully integrate acquisitions could impede us from realizing all of the benefits of the acquisitions, which could weaken our results of operations. 
 A key part of our growth strategy is to acquire other companies that complement our lines of business or that broaden our technical capabilities and geographic presence. However, our ability to make acquisitions is restricted under our credit 
 25 

agreement. Acquisitions involve certain known and unknown risks that could cause our actual growth or operating results to differ from our expectations or the expectations of securities analysts. For example: we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or to acquire additional companies on acceptable terms; we have completed and we will continue to pursue international acquisitions, which inherently pose more risk than domestic acquisitions; we compete with others to acquire companies, which may result in decreased availability of, or increased price for, suitable acquisition candidates; and we may not be able to obtain the necessary financing, on favorable terms or at all, to finance any of our potential acquisitions. 
 If we fail to conduct due diligence on our potential targets effectively, we may, for example, not identify problems at target companies, or fail to recognize incompatibilities or other obstacles to successful integration. The integration process may disrupt our business and, if implemented ineffectively, may preclude realization of the full benefits expected by us and could harm our results of operations. 
 Further, acquisitions may cause us to: issue common stock that would dilute our current stockholders ownership percentage; use a substantial portion of our cash resources; increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements (if we incur additional debt to fund an acquisition); or record goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets that are subject to impairment testing and potential impairment charges. 
 If our goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, then our profits may be significantly reduced. 
 Because we have historically acquired a significant number of co mpanies, goodwill and other intangible assets represent a substantial portion of our assets. As of fiscal 2024 year-end, our goodwill was 2.0 billion and other intangible assets were 160.6 million. We are required to perform a goodwill impairment test for potential impairment at least on an annual basis. We also assess the recoverability of the unamortized balance of our intangible assets when indications of impairment are present based on expected future profitability and undiscounted expected cash flows and their contribution to our overall operations. The goodwill impairment test requires us to determine the fair value of our reporting units, which are the components one level below our reportable segments. In determining fair value, we make significant judgments and estimates, including assumptions about our strategic plans with regard to our operations. We also analyze current economic indicators and market valuations to help determine fair value. To the extent economic conditions that would impact the future operations of our reporting units change, our goodwill may be deemed to be impaired, and we would be required to record a non-cash charge that could result in a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operation s. We had no goodwill impairment in fiscal 2024, 2023 or 2022. 
 Risks Related to Our Legal and Regulatory Environment 
 As a U.S. government contractor, we must comply with various procurement laws and regulations and are subject to regular government audits; a violation of any of these laws and regulations or the failure to pass a government audit could result in sanctions, contract termination, forfeiture of profit, harm to our reputation or loss of our status as an eligible government contractor and could reduce our profits and revenue. 
 We must comply with and are affected by U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of government contracts. For example, we must comply with FAR, the Truth in Negotiations Act, CAS, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, the Services Contract Act, the DoD security regulations as well as many other rules and regulations. In addition, we must comply with other government regulations related to employment practices, environmental protection, health and safety, tax, accounting, anti-fraud measures as well as many other regulations in order to maintain our government contractor status. Although we take precautions to prevent and deter fraud, misconduct and non-compliance, we face the risk that our employees or outside partners may engage in misconduct, fraud or other improper activities. U.S. government agencies, such as the DCAA, routinely audit and investigate government contractors. These government agencies review and audit a government contractor s performance under its contracts and cost structure, and evaluate compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards. In addition, during the course of its audits, the DCAA may question our incurred project costs. If the DCAA believes we have accounted for such costs in a manner inconsistent with the requirements for FAR or CAS, the DCAA auditor may recommend to our U.S. government corporate administrative contracting officer that such costs be disallowed. Historically, we have not experienced significant disallowed costs as a result of government audits. However, we can provide no assurance that the DCAA or other government audits will not result in material disallowances for incurred costs in the future. In addition, U.S. government contracts are subject to various other requirements relating to the formation, administration, performance and accounting for these contracts. We may also be subject to qui tam litigation brought by private individuals on behalf of the U.S. government under the Federal Civil False Claims Act, which could include claims for treble damages. For example, as discussed elsewhere in this report, on January 14, 2019, the Civil Division of the United States Attorney s Office ("USAO") filed complaints in intervention in three qui tam actions filed against our subsidiary, Tetra Tech EC, Inc. ("TtEC"), in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California ("NDCA"). U.S. government contract violations could result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties or sanctions, contract termination, forfeiture of profit and/or suspension of payment, any of which could make us lose our status as 
 26 

an eligible government contractor. We could also suffer serious harm to our reputation. Any interruption or termination of our U.S. government contractor status could reduce our profits and revenue significantly. 
 Legal proceedings, investigations and disputes could result in substantial monetary penalties and damages, especially if such penalties and damages exceed or are excluded from existing insurance coverage. 
 We engage in consulting, engineering, program management and technical services that can result in substantial injury or damages that may expose us to legal proceedings, investigations and disputes. For example, in the ordinary course of our business, we may be involved in legal disputes regarding personal injury claims, employee or labor disputes, professional liability claims and general commercial disputes involving project cost overruns and liquidated damages as well as other claims. In addition, in the ordinary course of our business, we frequently make professional judgments and recommendations about environmental and engineering conditions of project sites for our clients, and we may be deemed to be responsible for these judgments and recommendations if they are later determined to be inaccurate. For example, as discussed elsewhere in this report, the USAO filed complaints against TtEC in the NDCA alleging violations of the False Claims Act, Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended CERCLA and common law, and several ancillary claims brought by third-party private plaintiffs arising from the same services provided by TtEC on the same project are ongoing. Any unfavorable legal ruling against us could result in substantial monetary damages or even criminal violations. We maintain insurance coverage as part of our overall legal and risk management strategy to minimize our potential liabilities; however, insurance coverage contains exclusions and other limitations that may not cover our potential liabilities. Generally, our insurance program covers workers compensation and employer s liability, general liability, automobile liability, professional errors and omissions liability, property and contractor s pollution liability (in addition to other policies for specific projects). Our insurance program includes deductibles or self-insured retentions for each covered claim that may increase over time. In addition, our insurance policies contain exclusions that insurance providers may use to deny or restrict coverage. Excess liability and professional liability insurance policies provide for coverage on a claims-made basis, covering only claims actually made and reported during the policy period currently in effect. If we sustain liabilities that exceed or that are excluded from our insurance coverage, or for which we are not insured, it could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We could be adversely affected by violations of the FCPA and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. 
 The FCPA and similar anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making direct or indirect improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also requires public companies to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the corporation and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. The U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 prohibits both domestic and international bribery, as well as bribery across both private and public sectors. Improper payments are also prohibited under the Canadian Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act and the Brazilian Clean Companies Act. Local business practices in many countries outside the United States create a greater risk of government corruption than that found in the United States and other more developed countries. Our policies mandate compliance with anti-bribery laws, and we have established policies and procedures designed to monitor compliance with anti-bribery law requirements; however, we cannot ensure that our policies and procedures will prevent potential reckless or criminal acts committed by individual employees, agents or partners. If we are found to be liable for anti-bribery law violations, we could suffer from criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We could be adversely impacted if we fail to comply with domestic and international export control and sanctions laws. 
 To the extent we export technical services, data and products outside of the United States, we are subject to U.S. and international laws and regulations governing international trade and exports, including but not limited to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the Export Administration Regulations and trade sanctions. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit altogether the sale or supply of certain of our services to certain governments, persons, entities, countries, and territories, including those that are the target of comprehensive sanctions, unless there are license exceptions that apply or specific licenses are obtained. A failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in civil or criminal sanctions, including the imposition of fines, the denial of export privileges and suspension or debarment from participation in U.S. government contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 New legal requirements could adversely affect our operating results . 
 Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by the passage of climate change, defense, environmental, infrastructure and other legislation, policies and regulations. Growing concerns about climate change may result in the imposition of additional environmental regulations. For example, legislation, international protocols, regulation or other restrictions on emissions could increase the costs of projects for our clients or, in some cases, prevent a project from going forward, thereby potentially reducing the need for our services. In addition, relaxation or repeal of laws and regulations, or changes in governmental policies regarding environmental, defense, infrastructure or other industries we serve could result in a decline in demand for our services, which could in turn negatively impact our revenues. We cannot predict when or whether any of these various proposals may be enacted or what their effect will be on us or on our customers. 
 27 

We may be subject to liabilities under environmental laws and regulations. 
 Our services are subject to numerous U.S. and international environmental protection laws and regulations that are complex and stringent. For example, we must comply with a number of U.S. federal government laws that strictly regulate the handling, removal, treatment, transportation and disposal of toxic and hazardous substances. Under CERCLA and comparable state laws, we may be required to investigate and remediate regulated hazardous materials. CERCLA and comparable state laws typically impose strict, joint and several liabilities without regard to whether a company knew of or caused the release of hazardous substances. The liability for the entire cost of clean-up could be imposed upon any responsible party. Other principal U.S. federal environmental, health and safety laws affecting us include, but are not limited to, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, National Environmental Policy Act, the Clean Air Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act ), the Toxic Substances Control Act and the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act. Our business operations may also be subject to similar state and international laws relating to environmental protection. Further, past business practices at companies that we have acquired may also expose us to future unknown environmental liabilities. Liabilities related to environmental contamination or human exposure to hazardous substances, or a failure to comply with applicable regulations, could result in substantial costs to us, including clean-up costs, fines, civil or criminal sanctions, and third-party claims for property damage or personal injury or cessation of remediation activities. Our continuing work in the areas governed by these laws and regulations exposes us to the risk of substantial liability. 
 Uncertainties in the interpretation and application of existing, new and proposed tax laws and regulations could materially affect our tax obligations and effective tax rate. 
 The tax regimes to which we are subject or under which we operate are unsettled and may be subject to significant change. The issuance of additional guidance related to existing or future tax laws, or changes to tax laws, tax treaties or regulations proposed or implemented by the current or a future U.S. presidential administration, Congress, taxing authorities in other jurisdictions, including jurisdictions outside of the United States, or by bodies such as the European Commission or the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD"), could materially affect our tax obligations (including the cost of compliance) and effective tax rate. To the extent that such changes have a negative impact on us, including as a result of related uncertainty, these changes may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 The amount of taxes we pay in different jurisdictions depends on the application of the tax laws of various jurisdictions, including the United States, to our international business activities, the relative amounts of income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate, new or revised tax laws, or interpretations of tax laws and policies, the outcome of current and future tax audits, examinations or administrative appeals, our ability to realize our deferred tax assets, and our ability to operate our business in a manner consistent with our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements. The taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our methodologies for pricing intercompany transactions pursuant to our intercompany arrangements or disagree with our determinations as to the income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. If such a challenge or disagreement were to occur, and our position was not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest, and penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows, and lower overall profitability of our operations. Our financial statements could fail to reflect adequate reserves to cover such a contingency. Similarly, a taxing authority could assert that we are subject to tax in a jurisdiction where we believe we have not established a taxable connection, often referred to as a permanent establishment under international tax treaties, and such an assertion, if successful, could increase our expected tax liability in one or more jurisdictions. 
 Employee, agent or partner misconduct, or our failure to comply with anti-bribery and other laws or regulations, could harm our reputation, reduce our revenue and profits and subject us to criminal and civil enforcement actions. 
 Misconduct, fraud, non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations or other improper activities by one of our employees, agents or partners could have a significant negative impact on our business and reputation. Such misconduct could include the failure to comply with government procurement regulations, regulations regarding the protection of classified information, regulations prohibiting bribery and other foreign corrupt practices, regulations regarding the pricing of labor and other costs in government contracts, regulations on lobbying or similar activities, regulations pertaining to the internal controls over financial reporting, environmental laws and any other applicable laws or regulations. Our policies mandate compliance with these regulations and laws, and we take precautions to prevent and detect misconduct. However, since our internal controls are subject to inherent limitations, including human error, it is possible that these controls could be intentionally circumvented or become inadequate because of changed conditions. As a result, we cannot assure that our controls will protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees, agents or partners. Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations or acts of misconduct could subject us to fines and penalties, loss of security clearances and suspension or debarment from contracting, any or all of which could harm our reputation, reduce our revenue and profits and subject us to criminal and civil enforcement actions. 
 If our reports and opinions are not in compliance with professional standards and other regulations, we could be subject to monetary damages and penalties. 
 28 

We issue reports and opinions to clients based on our professional engineering expertise, as well as our other professional credentials. Our reports and opinions may need to comply with professional standards, licensing requirements, securities regulations and other laws and rules governing the performance of professional services in the jurisdiction in which the services are performed. In addition, the reports and other work product we produce for clients sometimes include projections, forecasts and other forward-looking statements. Such information by its nature is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, any of which could cause the information produced by us to ultimately prove inaccurate. While we include appropriate disclaimers in the reports that we prepare for our clients, once we produce such written work product, we do not always have the ability to control the manner in which our clients use such information. As a result, if our clients reproduce such information to solicit funds from investors for projects without appropriate disclaimers or the information proves to be incorrect, or if our clients reproduce such information for potential investors in a misleading or incomplete manner, our clients or such investors may threaten to or file suit against us for, among other things, securities law violations. 
 We have only a limited ability to protect our intellectual property rights, and our failure to protect our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our competitive position. 
 We rely upon a combination of nondisclosure agreements and other contractual arrangements, as well as copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to protect our proprietary information. We also enter into proprietary information and intellectual property agreements with employees, which require them to disclose any inventions created during employment, to convey such rights to inventions to us, and to restrict any disclosure of proprietary information. Trade secrets are generally difficult to protect. Although our employees are subject to confidentiality obligations, this protection may be inadequate to deter or prevent misappropriation of our confidential information and/or the infringement of our patents and copyrights. Further, we may be unable to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property or otherwise take appropriate steps to enforce our rights. Failure to adequately protect, maintain or enforce our intellectual property rights may adversely limit our competitive position. 
 Assertions by third parties of infringement, misappropriation or other violations by us of their intellectual property rights could result in significant costs and substantially harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 In recent years, there has been significant litigation involving intellectual property rights in technology industries. We may face from time to time, allegations that we or a supplier or customer have violated the rights of third parties, including patent, trademark and other intellectual property rights. If, with respect to any claim against us for violation of third-party intellectual property rights, we are unable to prevail in the litigation or retain or obtain sufficient rights or develop non-infringing intellectual property or otherwise alter our business practices on a timely or cost-efficient basis, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 Any infringement, misappropriation or related claims, whether or not meritorious, are time consuming, divert technical and management personnel and are costly to resolve. As a result of any such dispute, we may have to develop non-infringing technology, pay damages, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, cease utilizing products or services or take other actions to resolve the claims. These actions, if required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us. 
 We are subject to stringent and evolving U.S. and foreign laws, regulations, rules, contractual obligations, policies and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation (including class claims) and mass arbitration demands; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; loss of customers or sales; and other adverse business consequences. 
 We develop, install and maintain information technology systems for ourselves, as well as for customers. Client contracts for the performance of information technology services, as well as various privacy and securities laws, require us to manage and protect sensitive and confidential information, including federal and other government information, from disclosure. We also need to protect our own internal trade secrets and other business confidential information, as well as personal data of our employees and contractors, from disclosure. 
 In the United States, federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws, consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act), and other similar laws. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (collectively, CCPA applies to personal information of consumers, business representatives, and employees who are California residents, and requires businesses to provide specific disclosures in privacy notices and honor requests of such individuals to exercise certain privacy rights. The CCPA provides for administrative fines of up to 7,500 per violation and allows private litigants affected by certain data breaches to recover significant statutory damages. Other states, such as Virginia and Colorado, have also passed comprehensive privacy laws, and similar laws are being considered in several other states, as well as at the federal and local levels. 
 Outside the United States, an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards govern data privacy and security. For example, the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation ("EU GDPR"), the United Kingdom s GDPR, 
 29 

and Brazil s General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Prote o de Dados Pessoais, or LGPD (Law No. 13,709/2018) impose strict requirements for processing personal data. For example, the EU GDPR extends the scope of the European Union data protection laws to all companies processing data of European Union residents, regardless of the company's location. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we may transfer personal data from Europe and other jurisdictions to the United States or other countries. Europe and other jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring data to be localized or limiting the transfer of personal data to other countries. In particular, the European Economic Area EEA and the United Kingdom UK have significantly restricted the transfer of personal data to the United States and other countries whose privacy laws it generally believes are inadequate. Other jurisdictions may adopt similarly stringent interpretations of their data localization and cross-border data transfer laws. 
 Although there are currently various mechanisms that may be used to transfer personal data from the EEA and UK to the United States in compliance with law, such as the EEA and UK s standard contractual clauses, the UK s International Data Transfer Agreement / Addendum, and the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (which allows for transfers for relevant U.S.-based organizations who self-certify compliance and participate in the Framework), these mechanisms are subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data to the United States. 
 If there is no lawful manner for us to transfer personal data from the EEA, the UK or other jurisdictions to the United States, or if the requirements for a legally-compliant transfer are too onerous, we could face significant adverse consequences, including the interruption or degradation of our operations, the need to relocate part of or all of our business or data processing activities to other jurisdictions (such as Europe) at significant expense, increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and penalties, the inability to transfer data and work with partners, vendors and other third parties, and injunctions against our processing or transferring of personal data necessary to operate our business. Additionally, companies that transfer personal data out of the EEA and UK to other jurisdictions, particularly to the United States, are subject to increased scrutiny from regulators, individual litigants, and activist groups. 
 General Risk Factors 
 We may not be able to continue, or may elect to discontinue, paying dividends which may adversely affect our stock price. 
 Current dividends may not be indicative of future dividends, and our ability to continue to pay or increase dividends to our stockholders is subject to our Board of Director s discretion and depends on: our ability to comply with covenants imposed by our financing agreements that limit our ability to pay dividends and make certain restricted payments; difficulties in raising additional capital; our ability to re-finance our long-term debt before it matures; principal repayments and other capital needs; our results of operations and general business conditions; legal restrictions on the payment of dividends and other factors that our Board of Directors deems relevant. In the future we may elect not to pay dividends, be unable to pay dividends or maintain or increase our current level of dividends, which may negatively affect our stock price. 
 Delaware law and our organizational documents may impede or discourage a merger, takeover or other business combination with us even if the business combination would have been in the short-term best interests of our stockholders. 
 We are a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law impose various impediments to the ability of a third party to acquire control of us, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. In addition, our Board of Directors has the power, without stockholder approval, to designate the terms of one or more series of preferred stock and issue shares of preferred stock, which could be used defensively if a takeover is threatened. These features, as well as provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, such as those relating to advance notice of certain stockholder proposals and nominations, could impede a merger, takeover or other business combination involving us, or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer for our common stock, even if the business combination would have been in the best interests of our current stockholders. 
 Corporate responsibility, specifically related to environmental, social and governance ESG matters, may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. 
 Public ESG and sustainability reporting is becoming more broadly expected by investors, stockholders, and other stakeholders. Certain organizations that provide corporate governance and other corporate risk information to investors and shareholders have developed, and others may in the future develop, scores and ratings to evaluate companies and investment funds based upon ESG or sustainability metrics. Many investment funds focus on positive ESG business practices and sustainability scores when making investments and may consider a company s ESG or sustainability scores as a reputational or other factor in making an investment decision. In addition, investors, particularly institutional investors, use these scores to benchmark companies against their peers and if a company is perceived as lagging, these investors may engage with such company to improve ESG disclosure or performance and may also make voting decisions, or take other actions, to hold these companies and their boards of directors accountable. We may also face reputational damage in the event our corporate 
 30 

responsibility initiatives or objectives do not meet the standards set by our investors, stockholders, lawmakers, listing exchanges or other constituencies, or if we are unable to achieve an acceptable ESG or sustainability rating from third party rating services. A low ESG or sustainability rating by a third-party rating service could also result in the exclusion of our common stock from consideration by certain investors who may elect to invest with our competition instead. Ongoing focus on corporate responsibility matters by investors and other parties as described above may impose additional costs or expose us to new risks. 
 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 At fiscal 2024 year-end, we leased approximately 560 operating facilities in domestic and foreign locations. Our significant lease agreements expire at various dates through 2033. We believe that our current facilities are adequate for the operation of our business, and that suitable additional space in various local markets is available to accommodate any needs that may arise. 
 The following table summarizes our ten most significant leased properties by location based on annual rental expenses (listed alphabetically, except for our corporate headquarters): 
 Location Description Reportable Segment Pasadena, CA Corporate Headquarters Corporate Arlington, VA Office Building GSG / CIG Boston, MA Office Building GSG / CIG Irvine, CA Office Building GSG / CIG London, United Kingdom Office Building GSG / CIG Melbourne, Australia Office Building CIG New York, NY Office Building GSG /CIG Orlando, FL Office Building GSG / CIG Pittsburgh, PA Office Building GSG / CIG Portland, OR Office Building GSG / CIG 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 For a description of our material pending legal and regulatory proceedings and settlements, see Note 18, "Commitments and Contingencies" of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Item 8. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Section 1503 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act") requires domestic mine operators to disclose violations and orders issued under the Mine Act by MSHA. We do not act as the owner of any mines, but we may act as a mining operator as defined under the Mine Act where we may be an independent contractor performing services o r construction at suc h mine. Information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95. 
 31 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol TTEK. There were approximately 1,046 stockholders of record at September 29, 2024. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 For information regarding our stock-based compensation, see Note 12, "Stockholders' Equity and Stock Compensation Plans" of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Item 8. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows a comparison of our cumulative total returns with those of the NASDAQ Market Index and the Standard Poor's ("S P") 1000 Index. At this time, we do not have a comparable p eer group due to the combination of our differentiated high-end consulting services and our end-markets. Thus, we have selected the S P 1000 Index. The graph assumes that the value of an investment in our common stock and in each such index was 100 on September 29, 2019, and that all dividends have been reinvested. Dividends declared and paid in fiscal 2024 totaled 0.220 per share. We declared and paid dividends in the first and second quarters totaling 0.104 per share 0.052 each quarter) on our common stock and paid dividends in the third and fourth quarters totaling 0.116 per share 0.058 each quarter) on our common stock. We declared and paid dividends totaling 0.196, 0.172, 0.148 and 0.128 per share in fiscal 2023, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The comparison in the graph below is based on historical data and is not intended to forecast the possible future performa nce of our common stock. 
 
 ASSUMES 100 INVESTED ON SEPTEMBER 29, 2019 
 ASSUMES DIVIDEND REINVESTED 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 29, 2024 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Tetra Tech, Inc. 100.00 108.26 181.19 154.26 183.65 281.86 NASDAQ Market Index 100.00 138.78 186.51 136.43 172.05 237.60 S P 1000 Index 100.00 94.20 145.00 119.23 135.76 171.48 
 The performance graph above and related text are being furnished solely to accompany this annual report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 201(e) of Regulation S-K, and are not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and are 
 32 

not to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings with the SEC, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On October 5, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a new stock repurchase program under which we could repurchase up to 400 million of our common stock. In fiscal 2024 and 2023, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock. In fiscal 2022, we repurchased and settled 6,708,395 shares with an average price of 29.81 per share for a total cost of 200.0 million. At fiscal 2024 year-end, we had a remaining balance of 347.8 million under our stock repurchase program. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 33 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with Part I of this report, as well as our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Item 8. The following analysis contains forward-looking statements about our future results of operations and expectations. Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those described herein. See Part 1, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" for a discussion of the risks, assumptions and uncertainties affecting these statements. 
 
 OVERVIEW OF RESULTS AND BUSINESS TRENDS 
 General. In fiscal 2024, our revenue increased 15.0 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily reflecting increased activity in our U.S. federal and international client sectors. This revenue growth includes 332 million from our recent acquisitions, that did not have comparable revenue for all of fiscal 2023. Excluding the impact of these acquisitions, our revenue increased 7.6 compared to the prior-year period. 
 The table below presents our revenue by client sector (amounts in thousands): 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Change Client sector U.S. federal government (1) 
 1,675,996 1,387,101 288,895 20.8 U.S. state and local government 613,185 607,074 6,111 1.0 U.S. commercial 909,642 869,460 40,182 4.6 International (2) 
 1,999,856 1,658,915 340,941 20.6 Total 5,198,679 4,522,550 676,129 15.0 
 (1) Includes revenue generated under U.S. federal government contracts performed outside the United States. 
 (2) Includes revenue generated from non-U.S. clients, primarily in the United Kingdom, Australia and Canada. 
 
 U.S. Federal Government 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Change in thousands) Revenue 1,675,996 1,387,101 288,895 20.8 
 Our 20.8 growth in U.S. federal revenue in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily reflects increased international development activity and increased environmental activity for both civilian and defense agencies. The growth in our international development activity primarily relates to activity in Ukraine to support energy security and other humanitarian needs. In fiscal 2024, our international development revenue increased approximat ely 122 million compa red to fiscal 2023. The overall revenue growth also includes approximately 115 million of revenue from our recent acquisitions, that did not have comparable revenue for all la st year. We expect our U.S. federal government revenue to continue to grow in fiscal 2025. Approximately 1 trillion in new U.S. federal funding passed in 2021 through the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, the Inflation Reduction Act and the CHIPS and Science Act. Each of these programs includes substantial planned investments in our key end markets including water, environment and sustainable infrastructure over the next five to ten years. 
 U.S. State and Local Government 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Change in thousands) Revenue 613,185 607,074 6,111 1.0 
 34 

In fiscal 2024, our U.S. state and local government revenue increased compared to last fiscal year due to continued investment by our clients in clean drinking water; this growth was offset by lower disaster response revenue of approximately 46 million primarily due to the wind-down of hurricane related projects in the southeastern U.S. last year. Excluding our disaster response activities, our U.S. state and local government revenue increased 12.4 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023, primarily reflecting continued increased revenue from advanced water treatment projects. Most of our work for U.S. state and local governments relates to critical water and environmental programs, which we expect to continue to grow in fiscal 2025. 
 U.S. Commercial 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Change in thousands) Revenue 909,642 869,460 40,182 4.6 
 Our U.S. commercial revenue growth of 4.6 this fiscal year was primarily due to increased planning and permitting projects related to renewable energy generation and transmission. We expect revenue growth to continue in our U.S. commercial business in fiscal 2025. 
 International 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Change in thousands) Revenue 1,999,856 1,658,915 340,941 20.6 
 For fiscal 2024, our international revenue increased 20.6 compared to last year primarily due to higher renewable energy revenue and commercial activities related to an increased focus on sustainability in addition to contributions from acquisitions. This revenue growth includes approximately 182 million of revenue from our recent acquisitions, that did not have comparable revenue for all of last year. Excluding the impact of these acquisitions, our revenue increased 9.6 compared to fiscal 2023. We expect growth in our international work to continue in fiscal 2025. 
 35 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Fiscal 2024 Compared to Fiscal 2023 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Change in thousands, except per share data) Revenue 5,198,679 4,522,550 676,129 15.0 Subcontractor costs (876,817) (771,461) (105,356) (13.7) Revenue, net of subcontractor costs (1) 
 4,321,862 3,751,089 570,773 15.2 Other costs of revenue (3,455,422) (3,026,060) (429,362) (14.2) Gross profit 866,440 725,029 141,411 19.5 Selling, general and administrative expenses (356,024) (305,107) (50,917) (16.7) Acquisition and integration expenses (7,138) (33,169) 26,031 78.5 Right-of-use operating lease asset impairment (16,385) 16,385 NM Contingent consideration fair value adjustments (2,541) (12,255) 9,714 79.3 Income from operations 500,737 358,113 142,624 39.8 Interest expense net (37,271) (46,537) 9,266 19.9 Other non-operating income 89,402 (89,402) NM Income before income tax expense 463,466 400,978 62,488 15.6 Income tax expense (130,023) (127,526) (2,497) (2.0) Net income 333,443 273,452 59,991 21.9 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (61) (32) (29) (90.6) Net income attributable to Tetra Tech 333,382 273,420 59,962 21.9 Diluted earnings per share 1.23 1.02 0.21 20.6 
 (1) We believe that the presentation of "Revenue, net of subcontractor costs", which is a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure, enhances investors' ability to analyze our business trends and performance because it substantially measures the work performed by our employees. In the course of providing services, we routinely subcontract various services and, under certain international development programs, issue grants. Generally, these subcontractor costs and grants are passed through to our clients and, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP") and industry practice, are included in our revenue when it is our contractual responsibility to procure or manage these activities. Because subcontractor services can vary significantly from project to project and period to period, changes in revenue may not necessarily be indicative of our business trends. Accordingly, we segregate subcontractor costs from revenue to promote a better understanding of our business by evaluating revenue exclusive of costs associated with external service providers. 
 NM = not meaningful 
 Our revenue growth in fiscal 2024 reflects increases in both of our reportable segments. Our GSG segment's revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, increased 324.5 million, or 15.0 , and 274.5 million, or 16.8 , respectively, in fiscal 2024 compar ed to last y ear. Our CIG segment's revenue increased 362.1 million, or 14.9 , and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, increased 296.2 million, or 14.0 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. The fiscal 2024 results for GSG and CIG segments are described below under "Government Services Group" and "Commercial/International Group", respectively. 
 The following table reconciles our reported results to non-U.S. GAAP adjusted results, which exclude acquisition and integration costs and adjustments to contingent consideration liabilities in fiscal 2024. Our fiscal 2023 adjusted results exclude acquisition and integrations costs related to the RPS acquisition and related lease impairment charge and adjustments to contingent consideration liabilities. Our adjusted earnings per share ("EPS") for fiscal 2023 also excludes non-operating gains on a foreign exchange contract of 89.4 million and non-recurring tax expense items. The foreign exchange gain is reported as "Other non-operating income" in our consolidated statements of income. The effective tax rate applied to the adjustments to EPS to arrive at adjusted EPS was 17 and 26 for fisc al 2024 and 2023, r espectively. The fiscal 2024 rate reflects certain integration costs/losses that were not tax deductible. We applied the relevant marginal statutory tax rate based on the nature of the adjustments and the tax jurisdiction in which it occurred. Both EPS and adjusted EPS were calculated using diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding for the respective periods as reflected in our consolidated statem ents of income. 
 36 

Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Change in thousands, except per share data) Income from operations 500,737 358,113 142,624 39.8 Acquisition and integration expenses 7,138 33,169 (26,031) (78.5) Right-of-use operating lease asset impairment 16,385 (16,385) NM Earn-out adjustments 2,541 12,255 (9,714) (79.3) Adjusted income from operations (1) 
 510,416 419,922 90,494 21.6 EPS 1.23 1.02 0.21 20.6 Acquisition and integration expenses 0.02 0.11 (0.09) (81.8) Right-of-use operating lease asset impairment 0.04 (0.04) NM Earn-out adjustments 0.01 0.04 (0.03) (75.0) Foreign exchange forward contract gain (0.25) 0.25 NM Non-recurring tax items 0.08 (0.08) NM Adjusted EPS (1) 
 1.26 1.04 0.22 21.2 
 NM = not meaningful 
 (1) Non-U.S. GAAP financial measure 
 Operating income in fiscal 2024 includes 7.1 million of acquisition and integration expenses (non-cash divestiture and asset impairment charges). The fiscal 2023 results include 33.2 million of acquisition and integration expenses (primarily investment banking, legal and other professional fees) for the RPS acquisition and a related 16.4 million lease right-of-use asset ("ROU") impairment expense. The fiscal 2024 and 2023 results also include charges of 2.5 million and 12.3 million, respectively, related to changes in the estimated fair value of contingent earn-out liabilities. Excluding the acquisition and integration expenses and earn-out charges, our adjusted operating income increased 90.5 million, or 21.6 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. These increases reflect improved results in both of our operating segments, which are described below under "Government Services Group" and "Commercial/International Group", respectively. 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Change in thousands) Interest expense net 37,271 46,537 (9,266) (19.9) 
 Net interest expense decreased in fiscal 2024 compared to last fiscal year primarily due to the lower borrowing costs from our convertible notes (the "Convertible Notes") issued in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, which we used to refinance the existing higher-cost debt. In fiscal 2023, net interest expense included 2.7 million of additional expense for the write-off of previously deferred debt origination fees due to the cancellation of the bridge loan facility that we entered to support our offer to acquire RPS, which was replaced with an amendment to our existing debt facility and 1.1 million of additional expense for the write-off of previously deferred debt origination fees due to the repayment of RPS' debt facilities. Excluding these write-offs, our interest expense decreased 5.5 million in fiscal 2024 compared to last year. 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Change in thousands) Other non-operating income 89,402 (89,402) NM 
 Other non-operating income in fiscal 2023 reflects gains on a foreign exchange forward contract integrated with the acquisition of RPS. Although an effective economic hedge of our foreign exchange risk related to this transaction, the forward contract did not qualify for hedge accounting. As a result, the forward contract was marked-to-market with changes in fair value 
 37 

recognized in earnings each period. The forward contract was settled on January 23, 2023, together with the closing of the RPS acquisition, with a cumulative cash gain of approximately 109 million. 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Change in thousands) Income tax expense 130,023 127,526 2,497 2.0 
 The effective tax rates for fiscal 2024 and 2023 were 28.1 and 31.8 , respectively. Income tax expense was reduced by 4.5 millio n and 4.6 million of excess tax benefits on share-based payments in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. In addition, income tax expense in fiscal 2024 included 4.2 million of expense for the settlement of various tax positions that were under audit for fiscal years 2011 through 2021. Furthermore, income tax expense in fiscal 2023 included non-operating income tax expenses totaling 20.6 million to (i) increase the tax liability for uncertain tax positions related to certain U.S. tax credits and an intercompany financing transaction, (ii) recognize the tax liability for foreign earnings, primarily in the United Kingdom and Australia, that are no longer indefinitely reinvested. Excluding the impact of the excess tax benefits on share-based payments in both years, the settlement amount in fiscal 2024 and the non-operating tax expenses in fiscal 2023, our effective tax rates in fiscal 2024 and 2023 were 28.1 and 27.8 , respectively. 
 In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development ("OECD") released Pillar Two Model Rules (also referred to as the global minimum tax or Global Anti-Base Erosion "GloBE" rules), which were designed to ensure large multinational enterprises pay a minimum 15 percent level of tax on the income arising in each jurisdiction in which they operate. Several jurisdictions in which we operate have enacted these rules, which are effective for the first quarter of fiscal 2025. We are continually monitoring developments and evaluating the potential impacts. At this time, we do not anticipate a material tax charge as a result of implementation of these rules. 
 Segment Results of Operations 
 Government Services Group ("GSG") 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Change in thousands) Revenue 2,483,355 2,158,889 324,466 15.0 Subcontractor costs (573,377) (523,449) (49,928) (9.5) Revenue, net of subcontractor costs 1,909,978 1,635,440 274,538 16.8 Income from operations 281,026 231,762 49,264 21.3 
 For fiscal 2024, the revenue growth of 15.0 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily reflects higher U.S. federal government activities related to international development, U.S. state and local government activities related to advanced water treatment and contributions from our recent acquisitions. This growth was partially offset by lower disaster response activity. The revenue growth in fiscal 2024 include s a 122 million increase from the aforementioned international development activities in Ukraine compared to last year. For fiscal 2024, our revenue growth also includes approximately 128 million of revenue from our recent acquisitions, that did not have comparable revenue for all of fiscal 2023. Conversely, our revenue growth also includes decreased revenue from disaster response activities, which was approximately 46 million lower in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023. Excluding the acquisitions, increased activity in Ukraine and the partially offsetting lower disaster response revenue, our revenue increased 6.7 in fiscal 2024 compared to last year. 
 Operating income increased primarily due to the aforementioned revenue growth. Additionally, our fiscal 2023 operating income was reduced by 6.8 million of the aforementioned lease impairment charge. Excluding last year's lease impairment charge, our operating margin, based on revenue, net of subcontractor costs, increased to 14.7 in fiscal 2024 compared to 14.6 in fiscal 2023. 
 38 

Commercial/International Services Group ("CIG") 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Change in thousands) Revenue 2,786,731 2,424,649 362,082 14.9 Subcontractor costs (374,847) (309,000) (65,847) (21.3) Revenue, net of subcontractor costs 2,411,884 2,115,649 296,235 14.0 Income from operations 328,510 243,750 84,760 34.8 
 For fiscal 2024, the revenue growth of 14.9 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily reflects increased activities related to renewable energy and international sustainable infrastructure in addition to contributions from acquisitions. The revenue growth in fiscal 2024 includes approximately 205 million from the RPS acquisition that did not have comparable revenue in fiscal 2023. Excluding the impact of the RPS acquisition, our revenue increased 6.5 in fiscal 2024 compared to last year. 
 For fiscal 2024, our operating income increased due to the aforementioned revenue growth. Additionally, our operating income in fiscal 2023 was reduced by 8.3 million of the aforementioned lease impairment charge. Our operating margin also improved in fiscal 2024 compared to last year resulting in enhanced operating income. Excluding the lease impairment charge last year, our operating margin, based on revenue, net of subcontractor costs, improved approximately 170 basis points from 11.9 in fiscal 2023 to 13.6 in this fiscal year. The improved operating margin was primarily due to our increased focus on high-end consulting services, and improved project execution, particularly in the RPS operations. 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Fiscal Year Ended October 1, 2023 October 2, 2022 Change in thousands, except per share data) Revenue 4,522,550 3,504,048 1,018,502 29.1 Subcontractor costs (771,461) (668,468) (102,993) (15.4) Revenue, net of subcontractor costs (1) 
 3,751,089 2,835,580 915,509 32.3 Other costs of revenue (3,026,060) (2,260,021) (766,039) (33.9) Gross profit 725,029 575,559 149,470 26.0 Selling, general and administrative expenses (305,107) (234,784) (70,323) (30.0) Acquisition and integration expenses (33,169) (33,169) NM Right-of-use operating lease asset impairment (16,385) (16,385) NM Contingent consideration fair value adjustments (12,255) (329) (11,926) NM Income from operations 358,113 340,446 17,667 5.2 Interest expense net (46,537) (11,584) (34,953) (301.7) Other non-operating income 89,402 19,904 69,498 349.2 Income before income tax expense 400,978 348,766 52,212 15.0 Income tax expense (127,526) (85,602) (41,924) (49.0) Net income 273,452 263,164 10,288 3.9 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (32) (39) 7 17.9 Net income attributable to Tetra Tech 273,420 263,125 10,295 3.9 Diluted earnings per share 1.02 0.97 0.05 5.2 
 39 

(1) We believe that the presentation of "Revenue, net of subcontractor costs", which is a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure, enhances investors' ability to analyze our business trends and performance because it substantially measures the work performed by our employees. In the course of providing services, we routinely subcontract various services and, under certain international development programs, issue grants. Generally, these subcontractor costs and grants are passed through to our clients and, in accordance with U.S. GAAP and industry practice, are included in our revenue when it is our contractual responsibility to procure or manage these activities. Because subcontractor services can vary significantly from project to project and period to period, changes in revenue may not necessarily be indicative of our business trends. Accordingly, we segregate subcontractor costs from revenue to promote a better understanding of our business by evaluating revenue exclusive of costs associated with external service providers. 
 NM = not meaningful 
 In fiscal 2023, revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, increased 1.02 billion, or 29.1 , and 915.5 million, or 32.3 , respectively, compared to fiscal 2022. Excluding the contribution from RPS, our revenue increased 12.0 in fiscal 2023 compared to the previous year. Our GSG segment's revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, increased 338.0 million, or 18.6 , and 299.0 million, or 22.4 , respectively, in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. Our CIG segment's revenue increased 686.2 million, or 39.5 , and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, increased 616.5 million, or 41.1 in fiscal 2023 compared to the previous year. Excluding the contribution from RPS, our CIG segment's revenue increased approximately 6.7 in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 (9.5 on a constant currency basis). The fiscal 2023 results for GSG and CIG segments are described below under "Government Services Group" and "Commercial/International Services Group", respectively. 
 The following table reconciles our reported results to non-U.S. GAAP adjusted results, which exclude our acquisition and integration costs related to the RPS acquisition, a related lease impairment charge and adjustments to contingent consideration liabilities in fiscal 2023, and a non-operating benefit from Employee Retention Credits ("ERC's") received in fiscal 2022. Our adjusted EPS also excludes non-operating gains on a foreign exchange contract of 89.4 million for fiscal 2023 and 19.9 million for fiscal 2022, as well as non-recurring tax expense items for fiscal 2023. The foreign exchange gain is reported as "Other non-operating income" in our consolidated statements of income. The effective tax rates applied to the adjustments to EPS to arrive at adjusted EPS average 26 for both fiscal 2023 and 2022. We applied the relevant marginal statutory tax rate based on the nature of the adjustments and the tax jurisdiction in which it occurred. Both EPS and adjusted EPS were calculated using diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding for the respective periods as reflected in our consolidated statements of income. 
 Fiscal Year Ended October 1, 2023 October 2, 2022 Change in thousands, except per share data) Income from operations 358,113 340,446 17,667 5.2 Employee retention credits (6,486) 6,486 NM Acquisition and integration expenses 33,169 33,169 NM Right-of-use operating lease asset impairment 16,385 16,385 NM Earn-out adjustments 12,255 12,255 NM Adjusted income from operations (1) 
 419,922 333,960 85,962 25.7 EPS 1.02 0.97 0.05 5.2 Employee retention credits (0.02) 0.02 NM Acquisition and integration expenses 0.11 0.11 NM Right-of-use operating lease asset impairment 0.04 0.04 NM Earn-out adjustments 0.04 0.04 NM Foreign exchange forward contract gain (0.25) (0.06) (0.19) NM Non-recurring tax items 0.08 0.08 NM Adjusted EPS (1) 
 1.04 0.89 0.15 16.9 
 NM = not meaningful 
 (1) Non-U.S. GAAP financial measure 
 Operating income increased 17.7 million, or 5.2 , in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. The fiscal 2023 results include 33.2 million of acquisition and integration expenses (primarily investment banking, legal and other professional fees) for the RPS acquisition and a related 16.4 million of ROU lease asset impairment expense. The fiscal 2023 results also include losses of 12.3 million, related to changes in the estimated fair value of contingent earn-out liabilities. The fiscal 2022 results include the benefit of Employee Retention Credits ("ERC's") totaling 6.5 million, which represents reimbursement from the U.S. federal government under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the "CARES Act") for the costs that 
 40 

we incurred during fiscal 2020 to address the coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic. These amounts were recognized in fiscal 2022 when the funds were received due to the uncertainty related to the computation of qualifying amounts and delayed processing times for our application. These amounts were primarily reflected as a reduction to "Other costs of revenue" in our consolidated statement of income and an increase to "Net cash provided by operating activities" in our consolidated statement of cash flows for fiscal 2022, consistent with the presentation of the related costs recognized in fiscal 2020. 
 Excluding the acquisition and integration expenses, ROU asset impairment, earn-out losses and the ERC's, our adjusted operating income increased 86.0 million, or 25.7 in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. These increases reflect improved results in both GSG and CIG segments, which are described below under "Government Services Group" and "Commercial/International Group", respectively. 
 Our net interest expense was 46.5 million and 11.6 million in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. Net interest expense in fiscal 2023 included 2.7 million of additional expense for the write-off of previously deferred debt origination fees due to the cancellation of the bridge loan facility that we entered to support our offer to acquire RPS, which was replaced with an amendment to our existing debt facility and 1.1 million of additional expense for the write-off of previously deferred debt origination fees due to the repayment and cancellation of RPS' debt facilities. Excluding these write-offs, our interest expense increased 31.2 million in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to the additional borrowings to fund the RPS acquisition. 
 Other non-operating income of 89.4 million in fiscal 2023 and 19.9 million in fiscal 2022, reflect the previously described gain on a foreign exchange forward contract integrated with the RPS acquisition. 
 The effective tax rates for fiscal 2023 and 2022 were 31.8 and 24.5 , respectively. Income tax expense in fiscal 2023 included non-operating income tax expenses totaling 20.6 million to (i) increase the tax liability for uncertain tax positions related to certain U.S. tax credits and an intercompany financing transaction, (ii) recognize the tax liability for foreign earnings, primarily in the United Kingdom and Australia, that are no longer indefinitely reinvested. In addition, income tax expense was reduced by 4.6 million and 10.3 million of excess tax benefits on share-based payments in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. Excluding the impact of the non-operating tax expenses in fiscal 2023 and the excess tax benefits on share-based payments in both years, our effective tax rates in fiscal 2023 and 2022 were 27.8 and 27.5 . 
 Segment Results of Operations 
 Government Services Group ("GSG") 
 Fiscal Year Ended October 1, 2023 October 2, 2022 Change in thousands) Revenue 2,158,889 1,820,868 338,021 18.6 Subcontractor costs (523,449) (484,412) (39,037) (8.1) Revenue, net of subcontractor costs 1,635,440 1,336,456 298,984 22.4 Income from operations 231,762 198,448 33,314 16.8 
 Revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, increased 338.0 million, or 18.6 , and increased 299.0 million, or 22.4 , respectively, in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. This increase includes approximately 70 million in revenue in the second quarter of fiscal 2023 related to a distinct international development funded energy program in Ukraine. In addition, the increases reflect higher U.S. state and local government activities related to digital water and U.S. federal programs, partially offset by lower disaster response revenue. 
 Operating income increased 33.3 million in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. The increase in operating income is consistent with the revenue increase noted above. The fiscal 2023 results were reduced by 6.8 million of the aforementioned lease impairment charge and the fiscal 2022 results included 4.4 million of the aforementioned ERC's. Our operating margin, based on revenue, net of subcontractor costs, was 14.2 in fiscal 2023 compared to 14.8 the previous year. Excluding the lease impairment charge in fiscal 2023 and the ERC's in fiscal 2022, our operating margin increased to 14.6 in fiscal 2023 from 14.5 in fiscal 2022. 
 41 

Commercial/International Services Group ("CIG") 
 Fiscal Year Ended October 1, 2023 October 2, 2022 Change in thousands) Revenue 2,424,649 1,738,436 686,213 39.5 Subcontractor costs (309,000) (239,312) (69,688) (29.1) Revenue, net of subcontractor costs 2,115,649 1,499,124 616,525 41.1 Income from operations 243,750 194,142 49,608 25.6 
 Revenue and revenue, net of subcontractor costs, increased 686.2 million, or 39.5 , and increased 616.5 million, or 41.1 , respectively, in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. The RPS acquisition contributed approximately 570 million to revenue growth in fiscal 2023. The remaining revenue growth in fiscal 2023 primarily reflects increased activity on high-performance buildings, clean energy and international infrastructure. 
 Operating income increased 49.6 million in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. The RPS acquisition contributed approximately 34 million to operating income in fiscal 2023. Conversely, the fiscal 2023 results were reduced by 8.3 million of the aforementioned lease impairment charge. The fiscal 2022 operating income included 1.9 million of the aforementioned ERC's. Our operating margin, based on revenue, net of subcontractor costs, was 11.5 in fiscal 2023 compared to 13.0 in fiscal 2022. Excluding the lease impairment and RPS in fiscal 2023 and the ERC's in fiscal 2022, our operating margin was 13.3 in fiscal 2023 compared to 12.8 in fiscal 2022. The improved operating margin was primarily due to our increased focus on high-end consulting services, project execution and higher labor utilization. 
 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Capital Requirements. At September 29, 2024, we had 232.7 million of cash and cash equivalents and access to an additional 800 million of borrowing available under our credit facility. We generated 358.7 million of cash from operations in fiscal 2024. Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit facilities. Our primary uses of cash are to fund working capital, cash dividends, capital expenditures and repayment of debt, as well as to fund acquisitions and earn-out obligations from prior acquisitions. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, operating cash flows and borrowing capacity under our credit agreement as described below, will be sufficient to meet our capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. 
 On October 5, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a new stock repurchase program under which we could repurchase up to 400 million of our common stock. In fiscal 2024 and 2023, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock. At fiscal 2024 year-end, we had a remaining balance of 347.8 million under our stock repurchase program. We declared and paid common stock dividends totaling 58.8 million, or 0.220 per share, in fiscal 2024 compared to 52.1 million, or 0.196 per share, in fiscal 2023. 
 Subsequent Events. On November 11, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.058 per share payable on December 13, 2024 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on November 27, 2024. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents. The following tables summarize information regarding our cash and cash equivalents (amounts in thousands): 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Change Cash and cash equivalents 232,689 168,831 63,858 37.8 
 
 42 

Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Change Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 358,708 368,463 (9,755) (2.6) Investing activities (111,043) (771,199) 660,156 85.6 Financing activities (191,380) 382,380 (573,760) (150.0) Effect of exchange rate changes 7,573 4,093 3,480 85.0 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 63,858 (16,263) 80,121 492.7 
 
 Operating Activities. Cash from operations in fiscal 2024 decreased 2.6 compared to fiscal 2023. Our cash flow from operations in fiscal 2023 benefited from improved management of working capital through faster collection of accounts receivable compared to previous years. This trend was stable in fiscal 2024. For fiscal 2024, we paid 10.5 million less in interest compared to last year, primarily due the lower borrowing costs from our convertible notes issued in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, which we used to refinance the existing higher-cost debt incurred to fund the RPS acquisition in the second quarter of fiscal 2023. This improvement and the benefit of higher earnings in fiscal 2024 were substantially offset by higher income tax payments. We paid 27 million in U.S. federal income tax in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 that typically would have been made in fiscal 2023, but the IRS permitted, and we elected, 2023 federal tax payment deferrals for entities in disaster zones. 
 Investing Activities. For fiscal 2024, the cash used in investing activities includes net payments of 94 million for the acquisitions completed during the year. The fiscal 2023 period reflects 854 million of net payments for the acquisitions completed last year (primarily RPS), net of the 109 million of related foreign exchange hedge proceeds received in the second quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 Financing Activities. For fiscal 2024, net cash provided by financing activities declined. The decrease was due to a net borrowing of 544 million in fiscal 2023 versus net debt repayments of 70 million in fiscal 2024. The fiscal 2023 borrowings were used primarily to fund our fiscal 2023 acquisitions. To a lesser extent, the decline in our net cash provided by financing activities was due to 25 million more cash used for contingent earn-out payments in fiscal 2024 compared to last year. 
 Debt Financing. On October 26, 2022, we entered into a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement that provides for an additional 500 million senior secured term loan facility (the "New Term Loan Facility") increasing our total borrowing capacity to 1.55 billion. On January 23, 2023, we drew the entire amount of the New Term Loan Facility to partially finance the RPS acquisition. The New Term Loan Facility is not subject to any amortization payments of principal and matures in January 2026. 
 On February 18, 2022, we entered into Amendment No. 2 to our Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Amended Credit Agreement with a total borrowing capacity of 1.05 billion that will mature in February 2027. The Amended Credit Agreement is a 750 million senior secured, five-year facility that provides for a 250 million term loan facility (the Amended Term Loan Facility and a 500 million revolving credit facility (the Amended Revolving Credit Facility ). In addition, the Amended Credit Agreement includes a 300 million accordion feature that allows us to increase the Amended Credit Agreement to 1.05 billion subject to lender approval. The Amended Credit Agreement provides for, among other things, (i) refinance indebtedness under our Credit Agreement dated as of July 30, 2018; (ii) finance open market repurchases of common stock, acquisitions and cash dividends and distributions; and (iii) utilize the proceeds for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes. The Amended Credit Agreement provides for a reduction in the interest grid for meeting certain sustainability targets related to the (i) reduction of greenhouse gas emissions through the Company s projects and operational sustainability initiatives and (ii) improvement of peoples lives as a result of the Company s projects that provide environmental, social and governance benefits. The Amended Revolving Credit Facility includes a 100 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit, a 20 million sublimit for swingline loans and a 300 million sublimit for multicurrency borrowings and letters of credit. 
 The entire Amended Term Loan Facility was drawn on February 18, 2022. We may borrow on the Amended Revolving Credit Facility, at our option, at either (a) a benchmark rate plus a margin that ranges from 1.000 to 1.875 per annum, or (b) a base rate for loans in U.S. dollars (the highest of the U.S. federal funds rate plus 0.50 per annum, the bank s prime rate or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") rate plus 1.00 , plus a margin that ranges from 0 to 0.875 per annum. In each case, the applicable margin is based on our Consolidated Leverage Ratio, calculated quarterly. The Amended Term Loan Facility is subject to the same interest rate provisions. The Amended Credit Agreement expires on February 18, 2027, or earlier at our discretion upon payment in full of loans and other obligations. In fiscal 2023, we repaid the Amended Term Loan Facility in full with the Convertible Notes proceeds. 
 43 

On August 22, 2023, we issued 575.0 million in convertible notes that bear interest at 2.25 per annum payable semiannually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on February 15, 2024 with a maturity date of August 15, 2028 (the "Convertible Notes"). As of October 1, 2023, 560.8 million of the Convertible Notes was included in long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets, which is net of 14.2 million of unamortized debt issuance costs. The net proceeds from the Convertible Notes were 560.5 million, 51.8 million of which were used to purchase related capped call transactions on the issue date. The remaining proceeds were used to prepay and terminate the 234.4 million outstanding under the Amended Term Loan Facility, to prepay 89.4 million outstanding under the New Term Loan Facility and to pay down borrowings of 185.0 million under the Amended Revolving Credit Facility. See Note 9, "Long-Term Debt" of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" in Item 8 for further discussion. 
 
 At fiscal 2024 year-end, we had 250 million in outstanding borrowings under the Amended Credit Agreement, which consisted of 250 million under the New Term Loan Facility and no borrowings under the Amended Revolving Credit Facility. The weighted-average interest rate of the outstanding borrowings under the Amended Credit Agreement during fiscal 2024 was 6.70 . In addition, we had 0.7 million in standby letters of credit under the Amended Credit Agreement. At September 29, 2024, we had 499.3 million of available credit under the Amended Revolving Credit Facility, all of which could be borrowed without a violation of our debt covenants. Commitment fees related to our revolving credit facilities were 0.8 million, 0.6 million, and 0.7 million for fiscal year 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 The Amended Credit Agreement contains certain affirmative and restrictive covenants, and customary events of default. The financial covenants provide for a maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio of 3.25 to 1.00 (total funded debt/EBITDA, as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) and a minimum Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio of 3.00 to 1.00 (EBITDA/Consolidated Interest Charges, as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement). Our obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement are guaranteed by certain of our domestic subsidiaries and are secured by first priority liens on (i) the equity interests of certain of our subsidiaries, including those subsidiaries that are guarantors or borrowers under the Amended Credit Agreement, and (ii) the accounts receivable, general intangibles and intercompany loans, and those of our subsidiaries that are guarantors or borrowers. At September 29, 2024, we were in compliance with these covenants with a consolidated leverage ratio of 1.38x and a consolidated interest coverage ratio of 13.94x. 
 In addition to the Amended Credit Agreement, we maintain other credit facilities, which may be used for short-term cash advances and bank guarantees. At September 29, 2024, there were no outstanding borrowings under these facilities, and the aggregate amount of standby letters of credit outstanding was 43.3 million. As of September 29, 2024, we had no bank overdrafts related to our disbursement bank accounts. 
 Inflation. We believe our operations have not been, and, in the foreseeable future, are not expected to be, materially adversely affected by inflation or changing prices due to the average duration of our projects and our ability to negotiate prices as contracts end and new contracts begin. 
 Dividends. Our Board of Directors has authorized the following dividends: 
 Dividend Per Share Record Date Total Maximum Payment (in thousands) Payment Date November 13, 2023 0.052 November 30, 2023 13,873 December 13, 2023 January 29, 2024 0.052 February 14, 2024 13,908 February 27, 2024 April 29, 2024 0.058 May 20, 2024 15,522 May 31, 2024 July 29, 2024 0.058 August 15, 2024 15,525 August 30, 2024 November 11, 2024 0.058 November 27, 2024 N/A December 13, 2024 
 Income Taxes 
 We evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets by assessing the valuation allowance and adjust the allowance, if necessary. The factors used to assess the likelihood of realization are our forecast of future taxable income and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize the net deferred tax assets. The ability or failure to achieve the forecasted taxable income in the applicable taxing jurisdictions could affect the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets. Based on future operating results in certain jurisdictions, it is unlikely that the current valuation allowance positions of those jurisdictions could be adjusted in the next 12 months. 
 At the end of fiscal 2024 and 2023, the liability for income taxes associated with uncertain tax positions was 50.1 million and 62.0 million, respectively. 
 44 

It is reasonably possible that the amount of the unrecognized benefit with respect to certain of our unrecognized tax positions may not significantly decrease within the next 12 months. These liabilities represent our current estimates of the additional tax liabilities that we may be assessed when the related audits are concluded. If these audits are resolved in a manner more unfavorable than our current expectations, our additional tax liabilities could be materially higher than the amounts currently recorded resulting in additional tax expense. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 In the ordinary course of business, we may use off-balance sheet arrangements if we believe that such arrangements would be an efficient way to lower our cost of capital or help us manage the overall risks of our business operations. We do not believe that such arrangements have had a material adverse effect on our financial position or our results of operations. 
 The following is a summary of our off-balance sheet arrangements: 
 Letters of credit and bank guarantees are used primarily to support project performance and insurance programs. We are required to reimburse the issuers of letters of credit and bank guarantees for any payments they make under the outstanding letters of credit or bank guarantees. Our Amended Credit Agreement and additional letter of credit facilities cover the issu ance of our standby letters of credit and bank guarantees and are critical for our normal operations. If we default on the Amended Credit Agreement or additional credit facilities, our inability to issue or renew standby letters of credit and bank guarantees would impair our ability to maintain normal operations. At fiscal 2024 year-end, we had 0.7 million in standby letters of credit outstanding under our Amended Credit Agreement and 43.3 million in standby letters of credit outstanding under our additional letter of credit facilities. 
 From time to time, we provide guarantees and indemnifications related to our services. If our services under a guaranteed or indemnified project are later determined to have resulted in a material defect or other material deficiency, then we may be responsible for monetary damages or other legal remedies. When sufficient information about claims on guaranteed or indemnified projects is available and monetary damages or other costs or losses are determined to be probable, we recognize such guaranteed losses. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter into various agreements as part of certain unconsolidated subsidiaries, joint ventures and other jointly executed contracts where we are jointly and severally liable. We enter into these agreements primarily to support the project execution commitments of these entities. The potential payment amount of an outstanding performance guarantee is typically the remaining cost of work to be performed by or on behalf of third parties under engineering and construction contracts. However, we are not able to estimate other amounts that may be required to be paid in excess of estimated costs to complete contracts and, accordingly, the total potential payment amount under our outstanding performance guarantees cannot be estimated. For cost-plus contracts, amounts that may become payable pursuant to guarantee provisions are normally recoverable from the client for work performed under the contract. For lump sum or fixed-price contracts, this amount is the cost to complete the contracted work less amounts remaining to be billed to the client under the contract. Remaining billable amounts could be greater or less than the cost to complete. In those cases where costs exceed the remaining amounts payable under the contract, we may have recourse to third parties, such as owners, co-venturers, subcontractors or vendors, for claims. 
 In the ordinary course of business, our clients may request that we obtain surety bonds in connection with contract performance obligations that are not required to be recorded in our consolidated balance sheets. We are obligated to reimburse the issuer of our surety bonds for any payments made thereunder. Each of our commitments under performance bonds generally ends concurrently with the expiration of our related contractual obligation. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions in the application of certain accounting policies that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes included in Item 8 of this report. In order to understand better the changes that may occur to our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, readers should be aware of the critical accounting policies we apply and estimates we use in preparing our consolidated financial statements. Although such estimates and assumptions are based on management's best knowledge of current events and actions we may undertake in the future, actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Item 8. Highlighted below are the accounting policies that management considers most critical to investors' understanding of our financial results and condition, and that require complex judgments by management. 
 45 

Revenue Recognition and Contract Costs 
 To determine the proper revenue recognition method for contracts under Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers", we evaluate whether multiple contracts should be combined and accounted for as a single contract and whether the combined or single contract should be accounted for as having more than one performance obligation. The decision to combine a group of contracts or separate a combined or single contract into multiple performance obligations may impact the amount of revenue recorded in a given period. Contracts are considered to have a single performance obligation if the promises are not separately identifiable from other promises in the contracts. 
 At contract inception, we assess the goods or services promised in a contract and identify, as a separate performance obligation, each distinct promise to transfer goods or services to the customer. The identified performance obligations represent the units of account for purposes of determining revenue recognition. In order to properly identify separate performance obligations, we apply judgment in determining whether each good or service provided is: (a) capable of being distinct, whereby the customer can benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer, and (b) distinct within the context of the contract, whereby the transfer of the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. 
 Contracts are often modified to account for changes in contract specifications and requirements. We consider contract modifications to exist when the modification either creates new or changes the existing enforceable rights and obligations. Most of our contract modifications are for goods or services that are not distinct from existing contracts due to the significant integration provided or significant interdependencies in the context of the contract and are accounted for as if they were part of the original contract. The effect of a contract modification on the transaction price and our measure of progress for the performance obligation to which it relates, is recognized as an adjustment to revenue (either as an increase in or a reduction of revenue) on a cumulative catch-up basis. 
 We account for contract modifications as a separate contract when the modification results in the promise to deliver additional goods or services that are distinct and the increase in price of the contract is for the same amount as the stand-alone selling price of the additional goods or services included in the modification. 
 The transaction price represents the amount of consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to our customers. The consideration promised within a contract may include fixed amounts, variable amounts or both. The nature of our contracts gives rise to several types of variable consideration, including claims, award fee incentives, fiscal funding clauses and liquidated damages. We recognize revenue for variable consideration when it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized for the contract will not occur. We estimate the amount of revenue to be recognized on variable consideration using either the expected value or the most likely amount method, whichever is expected to better predict the amount of consideration to be received. Project mobilization costs are generally charged to project costs as incurred when they are an integrated part of the performance obligation being transferred to the client. 
 For contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation using a best estimate of the standalone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract. The standalone selling price is typically determined using the estimated cost of the contract plus a margin approach. For contracts containing variable consideration, we allocate the variability to a specific performance obligation within the contract if such variability relates specifically to our efforts to satisfy the performance obligation or transfer the distinct good or service, and the allocation depicts the amount of consideration to which we expect to be entitled. 
 We recognize revenue over time as the related performance obligation is satisfied by transferring control of a promised good or service to our customers. Progress toward complete satisfaction of the performance obligation is primarily measured using a cost-to-cost measure of progress method. The cost input is based primarily on contract cost incurred to date compared to total estimated contract cost. This measure includes forecasts based on the best information available and reflects our judgment to faithfully depict the value of the services transferred to the customer. For certain on-call engineering or consulting and similar contracts, we recognize revenue in the amount which we have the right to invoice the customer if that amount corresponds directly with the value of our performance completed to date. 
 Due to uncertainties inherent in the estimation process, it is possible that estimates of costs to complete a performance obligation will be revised in the near-term. For those performance obligations for which revenue is recognized using a cost-to-cost measure of progress method, changes in total estimated costs, and related progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation, are recognized on a cumulative catch-up basis in the period in which the revisions to the estimates are made. When the current estimate of total costs indicates a loss, a provision for the entire estimated loss on the contract is made in the period in which the loss becomes evident. 
 46 

Contract Types 
 Our services are performed under three principal types of contracts: fixed-price, time-and-materials and cost-plus. Customer payments on contracts are typically due within 60 days of billing, depending on the contract. 
 Fixed-Price . Under fixed-price contracts, clients pay us an agreed fixed-amount negotiated in advance for a specified scope of work. 
 Time-and-Materials . Under time-and-materials contracts, we negotiate hourly billing rates and charge our clients based on the actual time that we spend on a project. In addition, clients reimburse us for our actual out-of-pocket costs for materials and other direct incidental expenditures that we incur in connection with our performance under the contract. Most of our time-and-material contracts are subject to maximum contract values, and also may include annual billing rate adjustment provisions. 
 Cost-Plus . Under cost-plus contracts, we are reimbursed for allowed or otherwise defined costs incurred plus a negotiated fee. The contracts may also include incentives for various performance criteria, including quality, timeliness, ingenuity, safety and cost-effectiveness. In addition, our costs are generally subject to review by our clients and regulatory audit agencies, and such reviews could result in costs being disputed as non-reimbursable under the terms of the contract. 
 Goodwill and Intangibles 
 The cost of an acquired company is assigned to the tangible and intangible assets purchased and the liabilities assumed on the basis of their fair values at the date of acquisition. The determination of fair values of assets and liabilities acquired requires us to make estimates and use valuation techniques when a market value is not readily available. Any excess of purchase price over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired is allocated to goodwill. Goodwill typically represents the value paid for the assembled workforce and enhancement of our service offerings. 
 Identifiable intangible assets primarily include backlog, client relations and trade names. The costs of these intangible assets are amortized over their contractual or economic lives, which range from one to 12 years. We assess the recoverability of the unamortized balance of our intangible assets when indicators of impairment are present based on expected future profitability and undiscounted expected cash flows and their contribution to our overall operations. Should the review indicate that the carrying value is not fully recoverable, the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the intangible assets would be recognized as an impairment loss. 
 Estimated fair value measurements for intangible assets are made using Level 3 inputs including discounted cash flow techniques. Fair value is estimated using a multi-period excess earnings method for backlog and client relations and a relief from royalty method for trade names. The significant assumptions used in estimating fair value of backlog and client relations include (i) the estimated life the asset will contribute to cash flows, such as remaining contractual terms, (ii) revenue growth rates and EBITDA margins, (iii) attrition rate of customers, and (iv) the estimated discount rates that reflect the level of risk associated with receiving future cash flows. The significant assumptions used in estimating fair value of trade names include the royalty rates and discount rates. 
 We perform our annual goodwill impairment review at the beginning of our fiscal fourth quarter. In addition, we regularly evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that may indicate a potential change in recoverability of goodwill. We perform interim goodwill impairment reviews between our annual reviews if certain events and circumstances have occurred, including a deterioration in general economic conditions, an increased competitive environment, a change in management, key personnel, strategy or customers, negative or declining cash flows or a decline in actual or planned revenue or earnings compared with actual and projected results of relevant prior periods (se e Note 6, "Goodwill and Intangible Assets" of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" in Item 8 for further discussion). 
 We believe the methodology that we use to review impairment of goodwill, which includes a significant amount of judgment and estimates, provides us with a reasonable basis to determine whether impairment has occurred. However, many of the factors employed in determining whether our goodwill is impaired are outside of our control, and it is reasonably likely that assumptions and estimates will change in future periods. These changes could result in future impairments. 
 The goodwill impairment review involves the determination of the fair value of our reporting units, which for us are the components one level below our reportable segments. This process requires us to make significant judgments and estimates, including assumptions about our strategic plans with regard to our operations as well as the interpretation of current economic indicators and market valuations. Furthermore, the development of the present value of future cash flow projections includes assumptions and estimates derived from a review of our expected revenue growth rates, operating profit margins, business plans, discount rates and terminal growth rates. We also make certain assumptions about future market conditions, market prices, interest rates and changes in business strategies. Changes in assumptions or estimates could materially affect the determination of the fair value of a reporting unit. This could eliminate the excess of fair value over carrying value of a reporting unit entirely and, in some cases, result in impairment. Such changes in assumptions could be caused by a loss of one or more significant contracts, reductions in government or commercial client spending or a decline in the demand for our services due to changing economic conditions. In the event that we determine that our goodwill is impaired, we would be 
 47 

required to record a non-cash charge that could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. 
 We use two methods to determine the fair value of our reporting units: (i) the Income Approach and (ii) the Market Approach. While each of these approaches is initially considered in the valuation of the business enterprises, the nature and characteristics of the reporting units indicate which approach is most applicable. The Income Approach utilizes the discounted cash flow method, which focuses on the expected cash flow of the reporting unit. In applying this approach, the cash flow available for distribution is calculated for a finite period of years. Cash flow available for distribution is defined, for purposes of this analysis, as the amount of cash that could be distributed as a dividend without impairing the future profitability or operations of the reporting unit. The cash flow available for distribution and the terminal value (the value of the reporting unit at the end of the estimation period) are then discounted to present value to derive an indication of the value of the business enterprise. The Market Approach is comprised of the guideline company method and the similar transactions method. The guideline company method focuses on comparing the reporting unit to select reasonably similar (or "guideline") publicly traded companies. Under this method, valuation multiples are (i) derived from the operating data of selected guideline companies; (ii) evaluated and adjusted based on the strengths and weaknesses of the reporting units relative to the selected guideline companies; and (iii) applied to the operating data of the reporting unit to arrive at an indication of value. In the similar transactions method, consideration is given to prices paid in recent transactions that have occurred in the reporting unit's industry or in related industries. For our annual impairment analysis, we weighted the Income Approach and the Market Approach at 70 and 30 , respectively. The Income Approach was given a higher weight because it has the most direct correlation to the specific economics of the reporting unit, as compared to the Market Approach, which is based on multiples of broad-based (i.e., less comparable) companies . Our last review at July 1, 2024 (i.e., the first day of our fourth quarter in fiscal 2024), indicated that we had no impairment of goodwill, and all of our reporting units had estimated fair values that were in excess of their carrying values, including goodwill. We had no reporting units that had estimated fair values that exceeded their carrying values by less than 72 . 
 Contingent Consideration 
 Certain of our acquisition agreements include contingent earn-out arrangements, which are generally based on the achievement of future operating income thresholds. The contingent earn-out arrangements are based upon our valuations of the acquired companies and reduce the risk of overpaying for acquisitions if the projected financial results are not achieved. 
 The fair values of these earn-out arrangements are included as part of the purchase price of the acquired companies on their respective acquisition dates. For each transaction, we estimate the fair value of contingent earn-out payments as part of the initial purchase price and record the estimated fair value of contingent consideration as a liability in "Estimated contingent earn-out liabilities" and "Long-term estimated contingent earn-out liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets. We consider several factors when determining that contingent earn-out liabilities are part of the purchase price, including the following: (1) the valuation of our acquisitions is not supported solely by the initial consideration paid, and the contingent earn-out formula is a critical and material component of the valuation approach to determining the purchase price; and (2) the former shareholders of acquired companies that remain as key employees receive compensation other than contingent earn-out payments at a reasonable level compared with the compensation of our other key employees. The contingent earn-out payments are not affected by employment termination. 
 We measure our contingent earn-out liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (See Note 2, "Basis of Presentation Fair Value of Financial Instruments" of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Item 8). We use a probability weighted discounted income approach as a valuation technique to convert future estimated cash flows to a single present value amount. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements are operating income projections over the earn-out period (generally two or three years), and the probability outcome percentages we assign to each scenario. Significant increases or decreases to either of these inputs in isolation would result in a significantly higher or lower liability with a higher liability capped by the contractual maximum of the contingent earn-out obligation. Ultimately, the liability will be equivalent to the amount paid, and the difference between the fair value estimate and amount paid will be recorded in earnings. The amount paid that is less than or equal to the liability on the acquisition date is reflected as cash used in financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Any amount paid in excess of the liability on the acquisition date is reflected as cash used in operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 We review and re-assess the estimated fair value of contingent consideration on a quarterly basis, and the updated fair value could differ materially from the initial estimates. Changes in the estimated fair value of our contingent earn-out liabilities related to the time component of the present value calculation are reported in interest expense. Adjustments to the estimated fair value related to changes in all other unobservable inputs are reported in operating income. 
 
 RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 48 

For a discussion of recent accounting standards and the effect they could have on the consolidated financial statements, see Note 2, "Basis of Presentation" of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements" included in Item 8. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We do not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading or speculation purposes. In the normal course of business, we have exposure to both interest rate risk and foreign currency transaction and translation risk, primarily related to the Canadian and Australian dollars, the Euro, and the British Pound. 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk under our Amended Credit Agreement. We can borrow, at our option, under both the Amended Term Loan Facility and Amended Revolving Credit Facility. We may borrow on the Amended Revolving Credit Facility, at our option, at either (a) a Eurocurrency rate plus a margin that ranges from 1.000 to 1.875 per annum, or (b) a base rate for loans in U.S. dollars (the highest of the U.S. federal funds rate plus 0.50 per annum, the bank s prime rate or the SOFR rate plus 1.00 plus a margin that ranges from 0 to 0.875 per annum. In each case, the applicable margin is based on our Consolidated Leverage Ratio, calculated quarterly. The Amended Term Loan Facility is subject to the same interest rate provisions. Borrowings at the base rate have no designated term and may be repaid without penalty any time prior to the Facility s maturity date. Borrowings at a SOFR rate have a term no less than 30 days and no greater than 180 days and may be prepaid without penalty. Typically, at the end of such term, such borrowings may be rolled over at our discretion into either a borrowing at the base rate or a borrowing at a SOFR rate with similar terms, not to exceed the maturity date of the Facility. The Facility matures on February 18, 2027. At September 29, 2024, we had 250 million in outstanding borrowings under the Amended Credit Agreement, which was consisted of 250 million under the New Term Loan Facility, and no borrowings under the Amended Revolving Credit Facility. The year-to-date weighted-average interest rate of the outstanding borrowings during fiscal 2024 was 6.70 . 
 The majority of our transactions are in U.S. dollars; however, some of our subsidiaries conduct business in foreign currencies, primarily the Canadian and Australian dollars, the Euro, and British Pound. Therefore, we are subject to currency exposure and volatility because of currency fluctuations. We attempt to minimize our exposure to these fluctuations by matching revenue and expenses in the same currency for our contrac ts. We reported 1.8 million of foreign currency losses in fiscal 2024 in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our consolidated statement of income. The impact of foreign currency was immaterial in fiscal 2023. 
 We have foreign currency exchange rate exposure in our results of operations and equity primarily because of the currency translation related to our foreign subsidiaries where the local currency is the functional currency. To the extent the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies, the translation of these foreign currency denominated transactions will result in reduced revenue, operating expenses, assets and liabilities. Similarly, our revenue, operating expenses, assets and liabilities will increase if the U.S. dollar weakens against foreign currencies. For fiscal 2024 and 2023, 38.5 and 36.7 of our consolidated revenue, respectively, was generated by our international business. For fiscal 2024, the effect of foreign exchange rate translation on the consolidated balance sheets was an increase in equity of 115.1 million compared to an increase in equity of 12.6 million in fiscal 2023. These amounts were recognized as an adjustment to equity through other comprehensive income. 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, we entered into a forward contract to acquire GBP 714.0 million at a rate of 1.0852 for a total of USD 774.8 million that was integrated with our plan to acquire RPS. This contract matured on December 30, 2022. On December 28, 2022, we entered into an extension of the integrated forward contract to acquire GBP 714.0 million at a rate of 1.086 for a total of USD 775.4 million, extending the maturity date to January 23, 2023, the closing date of the RPS acquisition. Although an effective economic hedge of our foreign exchange risk related to this transaction, the forward contract did not qualify for hedge accounting. As a result, the forward contract was marked-to-market with changes in fair value recognized in earnings each period. The intrinsic value of the forward contract was immaterial at inception as the GBP/USD spot and forward exchange rates were essentially the same. The fair value of the forward contract at October 2, 2022 was 19.9 million, and an unrealized gain of the same amount was recognized in our fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 results. On January 23, 2023, the forward contract was settled for cash proceeds of 109.3 million and we recognized additional gains of 89.4 million in fiscal 2023. All gains related to this transaction were reported in Other non-operating income" on our consolidated income statements for the respective periods. 
 49 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 51 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 29 , 202 4 and October 1 , 202 3 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended September 29 , 202 4 , October 1 , 202 3 and October 2 , 202 2 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended September 29 , 202 4 , October 1 , 202 3 and October 2 , 202 2 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended September 29 , 202 4 , October 1 , 202 3 and October 2 , 202 2 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the fiscal years ended September 29 , 202 4 , October 1 , 202 3 and October 2 , 20 2 2 
 57 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves for the fiscal years ended September 29 , 202 4 , October 1 , 202 3 and October 2 , 202 2 
 92 

50 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Tetra Tech, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Tetra Tech, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 29, 2024, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 29, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 29, 2024 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 29, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 As described in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management has excluded LS Technologies ("LST") from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of September 29, 2024 because it was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination during 2024. We have also excluded LST from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. LST is a wholly-owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues excluded from management's assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent 1.4 and 1.7 , respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended September 29, 2024. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 51 

Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition - Certain fixed-price, time-and-materials and cost-plus contracts 
 As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognized revenue of 5,199 million for the year ended September 29, 2024, of which a majority relates to revenue recognized for certain fixed-price, time-and-materials and cost-plus contracts. The Company recognizes revenue over time as the related performance obligation is satisfied by transferring control of a promised good or service to the Company's customers. Progress toward complete satisfaction of the performance obligation is primarily measured using a cost-to-cost measure of progress method. The cost input is based primarily on contract cost incurred to date compared to total estimated contract cost. This measure includes forecasts based on the best information available and reflects management's judgment to depict the value of the services transferred to the customer. For those performance obligations for which revenue is recognized using a cost-to-cost measure of progress method, changes in total estimated costs, and related progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation, are recognized on a cumulative catch-up basis in the period in which the revisions to the estimates are made. For certain on-call engineering or consulting and similar contracts, the Company recognizes revenue in the amount which they have the right to invoice the customer if that amount corresponds directly with the value of the performance completed to date. Due to uncertainties inherent in the estimation process, it is possible that estimates of costs to complete a performance obligation will be revised in the near-term. 
 The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition for certain fixed-price, time-and-materials and cost-plus contracts is a critical audit matter is a high degree of audit effort in performing procedures related to the Company's revenue recognition. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process. These procedures also included, among others, (i) evaluating management s significant accounting policies related to revenue recognition; (ii) for certain fixed-price contracts, testing management's process for developing the estimate of total contract cost for a sample of contracts with cumulative catch-up adjustments and anticipated losses or claims, and evaluating the contract terms and other documents that support the changes in total estimated contract costs; (iii) assessing, for a sample of fixed-price contracts, estimated total contract costs by performing a comparison of the total estimated contract cost as compared with prior period estimates and evaluating the timely identification of circumstances that may warrant a modification to the total estimated contract cost; (iv) evaluating, for certain contracts, management s methodologies and assessing the consistency of management s methodology over the life of the contract; (v) re-calculating revenue recognized based on the contract value, year-to-date costs, and total estimated costs to complete; (vi) testing the existence and accuracy of total contract revenue recorded, on a sample basis, by obtaining and inspecting source documents such as contracts and purchase orders; (vii) for certain on-call engineering or consulting contracts where revenue is recognized using the practical expedient right to invoice, testing the accuracy of revenue recognized, on a sample basis by obtaining and inspecting source documents, such as contracts and purchase orders; and (viii) for certain contracts, testing the completeness and accuracy of costs incurred to date, on a sample basis, by obtaining and inspecting source documents, such as invoices and timecards. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 November 19, 2024 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2004 . 
 52 

Tetra Tech, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except par value) Fiscal Year Ended ASSETS September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Contract assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets Income taxes receivable Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right-of-use assets, operating leases Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation Contract liabilities Short-term lease liabilities, operating leases Current contingent earn-out liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Long-term debt Long-term lease liabilities, operating leases Non-current contingent earn-out liabilities Other non-current liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 18) shares of par value; shares issued and outstanding at September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 
 Common stock Authoriz ed, shares of par value; issued and outstanding, and shares at September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 , respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Tetra Tech stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 53 

Tetra Tech, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 October 2, 2022 Revenue Subcontractor costs ) ) ) Other costs of revenue ) ) ) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Acquisition and integration expenses ) ) Right-of-use operating lease asset impairment ) Contingent consideration fair value adjustments ) ) ) Income from operations Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other non-operating income Income before income tax expense Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income attributable to Tetra Tech Earnings per share attributable to Tetra Tech: Basic Diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 54 

Tetra Tech, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (in thousands) 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 October 2, 2022 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) (Loss) gain on cash flow hedge valuations, net of tax ) Net pension adjustments Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income, net of tax Less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax Comprehensive income attributable to Tetra Tech, net of tax 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 55 

Tetra Tech, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 October 2, 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of stock-based awards Deferred income taxes ) ) Fair value adjustments to contingent consideration Right-of-use operating lease asset impairment Fair value adjustment to foreign currency forward contract ) ) Acquisition and integration expenses Other non-cash items ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of business acquisitions: Accounts receivable and contract assets ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued compensation Contract liabilities Cash settled contingent earn-out liability ) Income taxes receivable/payable ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Payments for business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Settlement of foreign currency forward contract Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of assets Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from borrowings Repayments on long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes Payments of debt issuance costs ) Capped call transactions ) Repurchases of common stock ) Shares repurchased for tax withholdings on share-based awards ) ) ) Payments of contingent earn-out liabilities ) ) ) Stock options exercised Dividends paid ) ) ) Principal payments on finance leases ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental information: Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes, net of refunds received o f million, million and million 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 56 

Tetra Tech, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 Fiscal Years Ended October 2, 2022, October 1, 2023, and September 29, 2024 
 (in thousands) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Retained Earnings Total Tetra Tech Equity Non-Controlling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount BALANCE AT OCTOBER 3, 2021 ) Issuance of shares under -for-one stock split 
 ) Comprehensive income, net of tax: Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) ) Gain on cash flow hedge valuations Comprehensive income, net of tax Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests ) ) Cash dividends of per common share 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Restricted performance shares released ) ) ) Stock options exercised Shares issued for Employee Stock Purchase Plan Stock repurchases ) ) ) ) ) ) Reclassification of APIC ) BALANCE AT OCTOBER 2, 2022 ) Comprehensive income, net of tax: Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Pension Gain on cash flow hedge valuations ) ) ) Comprehensive income, net of tax Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests ) ) Cash dividends of per common share 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Restricted performance shares released ) ) ) Stock options exercised Shares issued for Employee Stock Purchase Plan Reclassification of APIC ) 
 57 

Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Retained Earnings Total Tetra Tech Equity Non-Controlling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Capped call transactions ) ) ) BALANCE AT OCTOBER 1, 2023 ) Comprehensive income, net of tax: Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Pension Comprehensive income, net of tax Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests ) ) Cash dividends of per common share 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Restricted performance shares released ) ) ) Stock options exercised Shares issued for Employee Stock Purchase Plan BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 29, 2024 ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 58 

Tetra Tech, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 reportable segments. Our Government Services Group GSG reportable segment primarily includes activities with U.S. government clients (federal, state and local) and all activities with development agencies worldwide. Our Commercial/International Services Group CIG reportable segment primarily includes activities with U.S. commercial clients and international clients other than development agencies. 
 
 2. 

Stock Split. On July 29, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a -for-one stock split of our common stock. The stock split had a record date of September 5, 2024 and an effective date of September 6, 2024. The par value per share of our common stock remains unchanged at per share after the stock split. All prior-period share or per share amounts presented herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split. 
 days or less. Occasionally, we have bank overdrafts, which occur when a bank honors disbursements in excess of funds on deposit in our bank accounts. We classify bank overdrafts as 
 months. Unbilled accounts receivable also include amounts related to requests for equitable adjustment to contracts that provide for price redetermination. These amounts are recorded only when they can be reliably estimated, and realization is probabl 
 59 

for equipment, furniture and fixtures. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the lease term. Assets held for sale are measured at the lower of carrying amount (i.e., net book value) and fair value less cost to sell, and are reported within "Prepaid expenses and other current assets" on our consolidated balance sheets. Once assets are classified as held for sale, they are no longer depreciated. 
 60 

level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. Our operating segments are the same as our reportable segments and our reporting units for goodwill impairment testing are the components level below our reportable segments. These components constitute a business for which discrete financial information is available and where segment management regularly reviews the operating results of that component. We aggregate components within an operating segment that have similar economic characteristics. and the probability outcome percentages we assign to each scenario. Significant increases or decreases to either of these inputs in isolation would result in a significantly higher or lower liability, with a higher liability capped by the contractual maximum of the contingent earn-out obligation. Ultimately, the liability will be equivalent to the amount paid, and the difference between the fair value estimate and amount paid will be recorded in earnings. The amount paid that is less than or equal to the contingent earn-out liability on the acquisition date is reflected as cash used in financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Any amount paid in excess of the contingent earn-out liability on the acquisition date is reflected as cash used in operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 We review and reassess the estimated fair value of contingent consideration on a quarterly basis, and the updated fair value could differ materially from the initial estimates. Changes in the estimated fair value of our contingent earn-out liabilities related to the time component of the present value calculation are reported in interest expense. Adjustments to the estimated fair value related to changes in all other unobservable inputs are reported in operating income. 
 61 

62 

financial institution. Approximately of accounts receivable were due from various agencies of the U.S. federal government at fiscal 2024 year-end. The remaining accounts receivable are generally diversified due to the large number of organizations comprising our client base and their geographic dispersion. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our clients and maintain an allowance for potential credit losses. Approximately , , and of our fiscal 2024 revenue was generated from our U.S. federal government, U.S. state and local government, U.S. commercial and international clients, respectively. 
 
 3. 
 63 

U.S. state and local government U.S. commercial International (2) 
 Total Contract Type: Fixed-price Time-and-materials Cost-plus Total 
 (1) Includes revenue generated under U.S. federal government contracts performed outside the United States. 
 (2) Includes revenue generated from non-U.S. clients, primarily i n United Kingdom, Australia and Canada. 
 Other than the U.S. federal government, no single client accounted for more than 10 of our revenue for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
 Contract Asset s and Contract Liabilities 
 
 Contract liabilities ) ) Net contract liabilities ) ) 
 (1) Includ es million and million of contract retentions at fiscal 2024 and 2023 year-ends, respectively. 
 Both our contract assets and contract liabilities increased in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 year-end, due to the timing of our milestone billing on fixed-price contracts which were different from the timing of revenue recognition on those 
 64 

million and million, respectively, from amounts included in the contract liability balances at the end of fiscal 2023 and 2022 , respectively. 
 As a result, in fiscal 2024 and 2023, we recognized net favorable revenue and operating income adjustments of million and million, respective ly. The corresponding net revenue and operating income adjustments were immaterial for fiscal 2022. 
 Changes in revenue and cost estimates could also result in a projected loss, determined at the contract level, which would be recorded immediately in earnings. As of September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, our consolidated balance sheets included liabilities for anticipated losses of million and million, respectively. The estimated cost to complete these related contracts at the end of fiscal 2024 and 2023 was approximately million and million, respectively. 
 Accounts Receivable, Net 
 Unbilled Total accounts receivable Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Total accounts receivable, net 
 Billed accounts receivable represent amounts billed to clients that have not been collected. Unbilled accounts receivable, which represent an unconditional right to payment subject only to the passage of time, include unbilled amounts typically resulting from revenue recognized but not yet billed pursuant to contract terms or billed after the period end date. Substantially all of our unbilled receivables at fisc al 2024 year-end months. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents amounts that are expected to become uncollectible or unrealizable in the future. We determine an estimated allowance for uncollectible accounts based on management's consideration of trends in the actual and forecasted credit quality of our clients, including delinquency and payment history; type of client, such as government agency or a commercial sector client; and general economic and industry conditions, which may affect our clients' ability to pay. 
 Other than the U.S. federal government, no single client accounted for more than 10 of our accounts receivable at fiscal 2024 and 2023 year-ends. 
 Remaining Unsatisfied Performance Obligation RUPO 
 billion of RUPO as of September 29, 2024. Our RUPO increases with awards from new contracts or additions to existing contracts and decreases as work is performed and revenue is recognized on existing contracts. Our RUPO may also decrease when projects are canceled or modified in scope. We include a contract within our RUPO when the contract is awarded and an agreement on contract terms has been reached. 
 65 

Beyond Total 
 , or days). 
 
 4. 
 million of our common stoc k . In fiscal 2024 and 2023, we did repurchase any shares of our common stock. We repurchased and settled shares with an average price of per share for a total cost of million in fiscal 2022 in the open market. At fiscal 2024 year-end, we had a remaining balance of million under our stock repurchase program. 
 November 30, 2023 December 13, 2023 January 29, 2024 February 14, 2024 February 27, 2024 April 29, 2024 May 20, 2024 May 31, 2024 July 29, 2024 August 15, 2024 August 30, 2024 Total dividends paid as of September 29, 2024 November 7, 2022 November 21, 2022 December 9, 2022 January 30, 2023 February 13, 2023 February 24, 2023 May 8, 2023 May 24, 2023 June 6, 2023 August 7, 2023 August 23, 2023 September 6, 2023 Total dividends paid as of October 1, 2023 November 15, 2021 December 2, 2021 December 20, 2021 January 31, 2022 February 11, 2022 February 25, 2022 May 2, 2022 May 13, 2022 May 27, 2022 August 1, 2022 August 12, 2022 August 26, 2022 Total dividends paid as of October 2, 2022 
 Subsequent Events. On November 11, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of per share payable on December 13, 2024 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on November 27, 2024. 
 
 5. 
 million. This amount consisted of million in initial cash payments, million of cash holdback related to a tax reserve, and million for the estimated fair value of contingent earn-out obligations, with a maximum of million, based upon the achievement of specified operating income targets in each of the 
 66 

million purchase price was allocated million to net tangible assets, million to identifiable intangible assets, and million to goodwill. The purchase price allocation is preliminary and subject to adjustment as the estimates, assumptions, valuations and other analyses have not yet been finalized in order to make a definitive allocation. These acquisitions were not considered material, individually or in aggregate, to our consolidated financial statements. As a result, no pro forma information has been provided. 
 On September 23, 2022, we made an all-cash offer to acquire all of the outstanding shares of RPS Group plc ("RPS"), a publicly traded company on the London Stock Exchange for 222 pence per share, through a scheme of arrangement, which was unanimously recommended by RPS' Board of Directors. On November 3, 2022, RPS' shareholders approved the scheme of arrangement. On January 19, 2023, the court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement to purchase RPS was approved, and we completed the acquisition on January 23, 2023. RPS employed approximately associates in the United Kingdom, Europe, Asia Pacific and North America, delivering high-end solutions, especially in energy transformation, water and program management for government and commercial clients. Substantially all of RPS is included in our CIG segment. 
 The total purchase price of RPS was approximately million million). In connection with the transaction, we incurred acquisition and integration costs of million, primarily for professional fees, substantially all of which were paid as of fiscal 2023 year-end. On January 23, 2023, we also settled a foreign exchange forward contract that was integral to our plan to finance the RPS acquisition. The cash gain of million did not qualify for hedge accounting. As a result, the gain was recognized as non-operating income over the life of the contract and not included in the purchase price allocation below. However, the cash proceeds of million economically reduced the purchase price for the shares of RPS to approximately million. This forward contract is explained further in Note 15, "Derivative Financial Instruments". 
 Accounts receivable and contract assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets Income taxes receivables Property and equipment Right-of-use assets, operating leases Intangible assets Deferred income taxes Other long-term assets Total assets acquired Account payable ) Accrued compensation ) Contract liabilities ) Income tax payable ) Short-term lease liabilities, operating leases ) Other current liabilities ) Current portion of long-term debt ) Long-term lease liabilities, operating leases ) Other long-term liabilities ) Deferred tax liabilities ) Total liabilities assumed ) Fair value of net assets acquired Goodwill Total purchase consideration 
 67 

Trade names Client relations Total intangible assets acquired 
 Estimated fair value measurements for the intangible assets related to the RPS acquisition were made using Level 3 inputs including discounted cash flow techniques. Fair value was estimated using a multi-period excess earnings method for backlog and client relations and a relief from royalty method for trade names. The significant assumptions used in estimating fair value of backlog and client relations include (i) the estimated life the asset will contribute to cash flows, such as remaining contractual terms, (ii) revenue growth rates and EBITDA margins, (iii) attrition rate of customers, and (iv) the estimated discount rates that reflect the level of risk associated with receiving future cash flows. The significant assumptions used in estimating fair value of trade names include the royalty rates and discount rates. 
 Supplemental Pro Forma Information (Unaudited) 
 Net income including noncontrolling interests 
 Our fiscal 2023 consolidated results reflect RPS' contribution of revenue of approximately million, with net income, including interest expense, of million, or per share, before the related intangible amortization of million. 
 In fiscal 2023, we also acquired Amyx, Inc. Amyx ), an enterprise technology services, cybersecurity and management consulting firm based in Reston, Virginia. With over employees, Amyx provides application modernization, cybersecurity, systems engineering, financial management and program management support on over Federal Government programs. Amyx is included in our Government Services Group ("GSG") segment. The total fair value of the purchase price of Amyx was million, consisted of a million payable in a promissory note issued to the sellers (paid subsequent to closing), million of payables related to estimated post-closing adjustments, and million for the estimated fair value of contingent earn-out obligations, with a maximum of million, based upon the achievement of specified operating income targets in each of the three years following the acquisition date. Amyx was not considered material to our consolidated financial statements. As a result, no pro forma information has been provided. 
 In fiscal 2022, we acquired The Integration Group of America ("TIGA"), Piteau Associates PAE and two other financially immaterial acquisitions. TIGA is based in Spring, Texas and is an industry leader in process automation and system integration solutions, including customized software and platform (SaaS/PaaS) applications, advanced data analytics, cloud data integration and platform virtualization. PAE is based in Vancouver, British Columbia and is a global leader in sustainable natural resource analytics including hydrologic numerical modeling and dewatering system design. PAE is part of our CIG segment, and TIGA and other financially immaterial acquisitions are part of our GSG segment. The total fair value of the purchase price for all acquisitions was million. This amount is comprised of million in initial cash payments made to the sellers, million of receivables (net) related to estimated post-closing adjustments for the net assets acquired, million payable in a promissory note issued to the sellers along with related transaction expenses of the sellers (which were subsequently paid in July 2022) and million for the estimated fair value of contingent earn-out obligations, with a maximum of million, based upon the achievement of specified operating income targets in each of the three to following the acquisitions. These acquisitions were not considered material, individually or in the aggregate, to our consolidated financial statements. As a result, no pro forma information has been provided. 
 The majority of the goodwill from fiscal 2024 and 2022 acquisitions is deductible for tax purposes, while the majority of the goodwill from the fiscal 2023 acquisitions is not deductible for tax purposes. The results of our acquisitions were included in our consolidated financial statements beginning on the respective closing dates. 
 68 

years. These consist of client relations, backlog and trade names. For detailed information regarding our intangible assets, see Note 6 , Goodwill and Intangible Assets . 
 Most of our acquisition agreements include contingent earn-out agreements, which are generally based on the achievement of future operating income thresholds. The contingent earn-out arrangements are based on our valuations of the acquired companies and reduce the risk of overpaying for acquisitions if the projected financial results are not achieved. The fair values of any earn-out arrangements are included as part of the purchase price of the acquired companies on their respective acquisition dates. For each transaction, we estimate the fair value of contingent earn-out payments as part of the initial purchase price and record the estimated fair value of contingent consideration as a liability in Current contingent earn-out liabilities and Non-current contingent earn-out liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. We consider several factors when determining that contingent earn-out liabilities are part of the purchase price, including the following: (1) the valuation of our acquisitions is not supported solely by the initial consideration paid, and the contingent earn-out formula is a critical and material component of the valuation approach to determining the purchase price; and (2) the former owners of acquired companies that remain as key employees receive compensation other than contingent earn-out payments at a reasonable level compared with the compensation of our other key employees. The contingent earn-out payments are not affected by employment termination. 
 We measure our contingent earn-out liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. We use a probability-weighted discounted income approach as a valuation technique to convert future estimated cash flows to a single present value amount. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements are operating income projections over the earn-out period (generally three or and the probability outcome percentages we assign to each scenario. Significant increases or decreases to either of these inputs in isolation would result in a significantly higher or lower liability, with a higher liability capped by the contractual maximum of the contingent earn-out obligation. Ultimately, the liability will be equivalent to the amount paid, and the difference between the fair value estimate and amount paid will be recorded in earnings. The amount paid that is less than or equal to the contingent earn-out liability on the acquisition date is reflected as cash used in financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Any amount paid in excess of the contingent earn-out liability on the acquisition date is reflected as cash used in operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 We review and reassess the estimated fair value of contingent consideration on a quarterly basis, and the updated fair value could differ materially from the initial estimates. Changes in the estimated fair value of our contingent earn-out liabilities related to the time component of the present value calculation are reported in interest expen se. Adjustments to the estimated fair value related to changes in all other unobservable inputs are reported in operating income. In each quarter during fiscal 2024, we evaluated our estimates for contingent consideration liabilities for the remaining earn-out periods for each individual acquisition, which included a review of their financial results to-date, the status of ongoing projects in their RUPO and the inventory of prospective new contract awards. 
 In fiscal 2024, we recorded adjustments to our contingent earn-out liabilities and reported a net loss to operating income of million. The net loss primarily resulted from increased valuations of the contingent consideration liabilities for our prior acquisitions of LST and BlueWater Federal Solutions, Inc., reflecting their financial performance that exceeded our previous expectations. These increases were partially offset primarily by a decreased valuation of the contingent consideration for Amyx, as forecasted revenues and earnings did not become realized as originally anticipated. 
 In fiscal 2023, we recorded adjustments to our contingent earn-out liabilities and reported a net loss to operating income of million . The net loss primarily resulted from increased valuations of the contingent consideration liabilities for our prior acquisitions of Segue Technologies, Inc., Hoare Lea, LLP ("HLE"), TIGA and PAE, reflecting their financial 
 69 

Estimated earn-out liabilities for acquisitions Payments of contingent consideration ) ) ) Adjustments to fair value reported in earnings Interest accretion expense Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes ) Ending balance Maximum potential payout at end of period 
 
 6. 
 Acquisition activity Translation and other adjustments Balance at October 1, 2023 Acquisition activity Translation and other adjustments Balance at September 29, 2024 
 Goodwill amounts are presented net of reductions from historical impairment adjustments. The fiscal 2024 goodwill addition resulted from the purchase price allocations for our recent acquisitions which are preliminary and subject to adjustment based upon the final determinations of the net assets acquired and information to perform the final valuation. Goodwill adjustments primarily related to the foreign currency translation adjustments which resulted from our foreign subsidiaries with functional currencies that are different than our reporting currency. 
 We per form our annual goodwill impairment review at the beginning of our fiscal fourth quarter. Our last review at July 1, 2024 (i.e., the first day of our fourth quarter in fiscal 2024) indicated that we had impairment of goodwill, and all of our reporting units had estimated fair values that were in excess of their carrying values, including goodwill. As of July 1, 2024, we had no reporting units that had estimated fair values that exceeded their carrying values by less than . 
 We also regularly evaluate whether events and c ircumstances have occurred that may indicate a potential change in the recoverability of goodwill. We perform interim goodwill impairment reviews between our annual reviews if certain events and circumstances have occurred, such as a deterioration in general economic conditions; an increase in the competitive environment; a change in management, key personnel, strategy or customers; negative or declining cash flows; or a decline in actual or planned revenue or earnings compared with actual and projected results of relevant prior periods. Although we believe that our estimates of fair value for these reporting units are reasonable, if financial performance for these reporting units falls significantly below our expectations or market prices for similar business decline, the goodwill for these reporting units could become impaired. 
 The gross amounts of goodwill for GSG were million and million at fiscal 2024 and 2023 year-ends, respectively, excluding accumulated impairment of million for each period. The gross amounts of goodwill for CIG were million and million at fiscal 2024 and 2023 year-ends, respectively, excluding accumulated impairment of million for each period. 
 70 

) ) Backlog ) ) Trade names ) ) Total ) ) 
 Amortization expense for the identifiable intangible assets for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was million, million and million, respectively. Foreign currency translation adjustments increased net identifiable intangible assets by million in fiscal 2024. The foreign currency translation adjustments were in fiscal 2023. 
 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Beyond Total 
 
 7. 
 Leasehold improvements Total property and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 million, million and million for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 71 

8. 
 Foreign Total income before income taxes 
 State Foreign Total current income tax expense Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) Total deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Total income tax expense 
 72 

State taxes, net of federal benefit Research and Development ("R D") credits ) ) ) Tax differential on foreign earnings Stock compensation ) ) ) Valuation allowance ) Change in uncertain tax positions ) Return to provision ) Disallowed officer compensation Unremitted earnings ) Hedging gain ) Deferred tax adjustments ) Audit settlements Other Total income tax expense 
 
 The effective tax rates for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 wer e , and , respectively. The fiscal 2024 income tax expense included million of expense for the settlement of various tax positions that were under audit for fiscal years 2011 through 2021. The fiscal 2023 income tax expense included non-operating income tax expenses totaling million to (i) increase the tax liability for uncertain tax positions related to certain U.S. tax credits and an intercompany financing transaction, (ii) recognize the tax liability for foreign earnings, primarily in the United Kingdom and Australia, that are no longer indefinitely reinvested. Also, income tax expense was reduced by million, million and million of excess tax benefits on share-based payments in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Excluding the impact of the excess tax benefits on share-based payments in all years, the settlement amount in fiscal 2024, and the non-operating tax expenses in fiscal 2023, our effective tax rates for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were , and , respectively. 
 73 

Reserves and contingent liabilities Accounts receivable including the allowance for doubtful accounts Accrued liabilities Lease liabilities, operating leases Stock-based compensation Unbilled revenue Loss and other carry-forwards Property and equipment Capitalized research and development Capped call transactions Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred Tax Liabilities: Prepaid expense ) ) Reserves and contingent liabilities ) Right-of-use assets, operating leases ) ) Intangibles ) ) Undistributed earnings ) ) Property and equipment ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 Our foreign earnings are not considered indefinitely reinvested and any potential tax liability that would be incurred upon repatriation is recognized currently with the related income. 
 At September 29, 2024, we had available state net operating loss carry forwards of million that expire at various dates from 2025 to 2043; and available foreign NOL carry forwards of million, of which million expire at various dates from 2025 to 2044, and million have no expiration date. In addition, we had foreign capital loss carryforwards of million, foreign corporate interest restriction allowances of million, and foreign research and development credits of million that do not have expiration dates. We have performed an assessment of positive and negative evidence regarding the realization of the deferred tax assets. This assessment included the evaluation of scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, availability of carrybacks, cumulative losses in recent years, estimates of projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies. Although realization is not assured, based on our assessment, we have concluded that it is more likely than not that the assets will be realized except for the deferred tax assets related to certain loss carry-forwards for which a valuation allowance of million has been provided. 
 At September 29, 2024, we had million of unrecognized tax benefits, all of which, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. It is reasonably possible that the amount of the unrecognized tax benefits with respect to certain of our unrecognized tax positions may not significantly decrease in the next 12 months. 
 74 

Acquisition of RPS Group Additions for current fiscal year tax positions Additions for prior fiscal year tax positions Reductions for prior fiscal year tax positions ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Ending balance 
 We recognize potential interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. During fiscal 2024 , 2023 and 2022 , we accrued additional interest and penalties of million, million and million, respectively, and recorded reductions in accrued interest and penalties of million , million and million, respe ctively, as a result of audit settlements and other prior-year adjustments. The amount of interest and penalties accrued at September 29, 2024, October 1, 2023 and October 2, 2022 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 9. 
 Convertible notes Debt issuance costs and discount ) ) Long-term debt 
 On August 22, 2023, we issued million in convertible notes that bear interest at a rate of per annum payable in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on February 15, 2024 and mature on August 15, 2028, unless converted, redeemed or repurchased (the "Convertible Notes"). Prior to May 15, 2028, the Convertible Notes will be convertible at the option of the holders only upon the occurrence of certain events and during certain periods. Thereafter, the Convertible Notes will be convertible at the option of the holders at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date. 
 The initial conversion rate applicable to the Convertible Notes was 5.0855 shares (pre-stock split) of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the Convertible Notes, which is equivalent to an initial price of approximately per share (pre-stock split) of our common stock. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment for certain events, including stock splits and issuance of certain stock dividends on our common stock. As adjusted to give effect to the stock split, the applicable conversion rate was 25.4345 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the Convertible Notes (equivalent to an adjusted conversion price of approximately per share of common stock) at September 29, 2024. Upon conversion, we will pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be converted and pay or deliver , as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election, in respect of the remainder, if any, of our conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes being converted. In addition, upon the occurrence of a "fundamental change" as defined in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes, holders may require us to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their Convertible Notes at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest. If certain corporate events occur prior to the maturity date of the Convertible Notes or if we deliver a notice of redemption, we will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its Convertible Notes in connection with such event or notice of redemption. 
 We will not be able to redeem the Convertible Notes prior to August 20, 2026. On or after August 20, 2026, we have the option to redeem for cash all or any portion of the Convertible Notes if the last reported sale price of our common stock is equal to or greater than of the conversion price for a specified period of time at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be redeemed, plus any accrued but unpaid interest. In addition, as described in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes, certain events of default including, but not limited to, bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, may result in the Convertible Notes becoming due and payable immediately. 
 75 

million after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and commissions and offering expenses. We used approximately million of the net proceeds to pay the cost of the capped call transactions described below. We used the remaining net proceeds to repay all million principal amount outstanding under our revolving credit facility, the remaining million principal amount outstanding under our senior secured term loan due 2027 and approximately million principal amount outstanding under our senior secured term loan due 2026. 
 The Convertible Notes were recorded as a single unit within "Long-term debt" in our consolidated balance sheet as the conversion option within the Convertible Notes was not a derivative that would require bifurcation and the Convertible Notes did not involve a substantial premium. Transaction costs to issue the Convertible Notes were recorded as direct deductions from the related debt liabilities and are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the terms of the Convertible Notes resulting in an effective annual interest rate of . 
 Unamortized discount and issuance costs ) ) Net carrying amount 
 Amortization of discount and issuance costs Total interest expense 
 Concurrent with the offering of the Convertible Notes, in August 2023, we entered into capped call transactions (the "Capped Call Transactions"). The Capped Call Transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution of our common stock upon conversion of the Convertible Notes and/or offset any cash payments we elect to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Convertible Notes, as the case may be. If, however, the market price per share of our common stock, as measured under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions, exceeds the cap price of the Capped Call Transactions, there would nevertheless be dilution and/or there would not be an offset of such cash payments, in each case, to the extent that such market price exceeds the cap price of the Capped Call Transactions. The cap price of the Capped Call Transactions was initially per share (pre-stock split), which represents a premium of over the last reported sale price of our common stock of per share (pre-stock split) on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on August 17, 2023. The cap price is subject to adjustment for certain events, including stock splits and issuance of certain stock dividends on our common stock. As adjusted to give effect to the stock split, the adjusted cap price was approximately per share at September 29, 2024. We recorded the Capped Call Transactions as separate transactions from the issuance of the Convertible Notes. The cost of million incurred to purchase the Capped Call Transactions was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital (net of million in deferred taxes) on our consolidated balance sheet as of fiscal 2023 year-end. 
 On October 26, 2022, we entered into a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement that provides for an additional million senior secured term loan facility (the "New Term Loan Facility") increasing our total borrowing capacity to billion. On January 23, 2023, we drew the entire amount of the New Term Loan Facility to partially finance the RPS acquisition. The New Term Loan Facility is not subject to any amortization payments of principal and matures in January 2026. 
 On February 18, 2022, we entered into Amendment No. 2 to our Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Amended Credit Agreement with a total borrowing capacity of billion that will mature in February 2027. The Amended Credit Agreement is a million senior secured, facility that provides for a million term loan facility (the Amended Term Loan Facility and a million revolving credit facility (the Amended Revolving Credit Facility ). In addition, the Amended Credit Agreement includes a million accordion feature that allows us to increase the Amended Credit Agreement to billion subject to lender approval. The Amended Credit Agreement provides for, among other things, (i) refinance indebtedness under our Credit Agreement dated as of July 30, 2018; (ii) finance open market repurchases of common stock, acquisitions, and cash dividends and distributions; and (iii) utilize the proceeds for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes. The Amended Credit Agreement provides for a reduction in the interest grid for meeting certain sustainability targets related to the (i) reduction of greenhouse gas emissions through the 
 76 

million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit, a million sublimit for swingline loans and a million sublimit for multicurrency borrowings and letters of credit. 
 The entire Amended Term Loan Facility was drawn on February 18, 2022. We may borrow on the Amended Revolving Credit Facility, at our option, at either (a) a benchmark rate plus a margin that ranges from to per annum, or (b) a base rate for loans in U.S. dollars (the highest of the U.S. federal funds rate plus per annum, the bank s prime rate or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") rate plus , plus a margin that ranges from to per annum. In each case, the applicable margin is based on our Consolidated Leverage Ratio, calculated quarterly. The Amended Term Loan Facility is subject to the same interest rate provisions. The Amended Credit Agreement expires on February 18, 2027, or earlier at our discretion upon payment in full of loans and other obligations. In fiscal 2023, we repaid the Amended Term Loan Facility in full with the Convertible Notes proceeds. 
 At fiscal 2024 year-end, we had million in outstanding borrowings under the Amended Credit Agreement, which was consisted of million under the New Term Loan Facility and borrowings under the Amended Revolving Credit Facility. The weighted-average interest rate of the outstanding borrowings under the Amended Credit Agreement during fiscal 2024 was . In addition, we had million in standby letters of credit under the Amended Credit Agreement. At September 29, 2024, we had million of available credit under the Amended Revolving Credit Facility, all of which could be borrowed without a violation of our debt covenants. 
 The Amended Credit Agreement contains certain affirmative and restrictive covenants, and customary events of default. The financial covenants provide for a maximum Consolidated Leverage Ratio of to 1.00 (total funded debt/EBITDA, as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) and a minimum Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio of to 1.00 (EBITDA/Consolidated Interest Charges, as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement). Our obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement are guaranteed by certain of our domestic subsidiaries and are secured by first priority liens on (i) the equity interests of certain of our subsidiaries, including those subsidiaries that are guarantors or borrowers under the Amended Credit Agreement, and (ii) the accounts receivable, general intangibles and intercompany loans and those of our subsidiaries that are guarantors or borrowers. At fiscal 2024 year-end, we were in compliance with these covenants with a consolidated leverage ratio of x and a consolidated interest coverage ratio of x. 
 In addition to the Amended Credit Agreement, we maintain other credit facilities, which may be used for short-term cash advances and bank guarantees. At fiscal 2024 year-end, there were outstanding borrowings under these facilities and the aggregate amount of standby letters of credit outstanding was million. As of September 29, 2024 we had bank overdrafts related to our disbursement bank accounts. 
 2026 2027 2028 Total 
 
 10. 
 to , some of which may include options to extend the leases for up to . 
 We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in "Right-of-use assets, operating leases", "Short-term lease liabilities, operating leases" and "Long-term lease liabilities, operating leases" in the consolidated balance sheets. Our finance leases are primarily for certain IT equipment and are immaterial. 
 ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease te rm and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, incremental borrowing rates are used based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments . The operating lease ROU asset at the commencement date also includes any lease payments made to the lessor at or before the commencement date and initial direct costs less lease incentives received. Lease te rms may 
 77 

million non-cash charge related to the ROU operating lease asset impairment which was reported in our fiscal 2023 statement of income, and a corresponding decrease to our ROU assets operating leases on our consolidated balance sheet at fiscal 2023 year-end. 
 Sublease income ) ) Total lease cost 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is as follows (in thousands): 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Operating cash flows for operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 Lease liabilities: Current Non-current Total operating lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term: Operating leases years years Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases 
 78 

million of operating leases that have not yet commenced. 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Beyond Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total present value of lease liabilities 
 
 11. 
 million total received was initially recorded in " Other long-term liabilities " until all potential amendments to the qualification criteria, including some that were proposed with retroactive application, were finalized in fiscal 2022. In fiscal 2024 (all in the first quarter of fiscal 2024), we distributed approximately million to our Canadian employees. The remaining million, which we expect to distribute in the first quarter of fiscal 2025, is reported in " Accrued compensation ". We do not expect there will be any related impact on our operating income, and we have no outstanding applications for further government assistance. 
 
 12. 
 -for-one stock split of our common stock. All share, equity award and per share amounts and related stockholders' equity balances presented herein have been retroactively adjusted, where applicable, to reflect the stock split. 
 At fiscal 2024 year-end, we had t he following stock-based compensation plans: 
 2015 Equity Incentive Plan ("2015 EIP"). Key employees and non-employee directors may be granted equity awards, including stock options, performance share units ("PSUs") and restricted stock units ("RSUs"). Shares issued with respect to awards granted under the 2015 EIP other than stock options or stock appreciation rights, which are referred to as "full value awards", are counted against the 2015 EIP's aggregate share limit as shares for every share or unit actually issued . No awards have been made under the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan since the adoption of the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan on March 8, 2018 as described below. 
 2018 Equity Incentive Plan ("2018 EIP") . Key employees and non-employee directors may be granted equity awards, including stock options, PSUs and RSUs. Shares issued with respect to awards granted under the 2018 EIP other than stock options or stock appreciation rights, which are referred to as "full value awards", are counted against the 2018 EIP's aggregate share limit as one share for every share or unit issued. At fiscal 2024 year-end, there were million shares available for future awards pursuant to the 2018 EIP. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP"). Purchase rights to purchase common stock are granted to our eligible full and part-time employees, and shares of common stock are issued upon exercise of the purchase rights. An aggregate of shares may be issued pursuant to such exercise. The maximum amount that an employee can contribute during a purchase right period is . The exercise price of a purchase right i s the lesser of of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the first day of the purchase right period (the business day preceding January 1) or of the fair market value on the last day of the purchase right period (December 15, or the business day preceding December 15 if December 15 is not a business day). 
 79 

Income tax benefit related to stock-based compensation ) ) ) Stock-based compensation, net of tax benefit 
 We recognize the fair value of our stock-based awards as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period in which the award vests. Most of these amounts were included in selling, general and administrative expenses on our consolidated statements of income. 
 Stock Options 
 Exercised ) Outstanding on September 29, 2024 Vested or expected to vest on September 29, 2024 Exercisable on September 29, 2024 
 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total intrinsic value (the difference between our closing stock price on the last trading day of fi scal 2024 and the exercise price, times the number of shares) that would have been received by the in-the-money option holders if they had exercised their options on September 29, 2024. This amount will change based on the fair market value of our stock. 
 stock options were granted in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Net cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options were million, million and million for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Our policy is to issue shares from our authorized shares upon the exercise of stock options. The actual income tax benefit realized from exercises of nonqualified stock options for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 RSU and PSU 
 RSU awards are granted to our key employee and non-employee directors. The fair value of the RSU was determined at the date of grant using the market price of the underlying common stock as of the date of grant. All of the RSUs have time-based vesting over a period, except that RSUs awarded to directors vest after . The total compensation cost of the awards is then amortized over their applicable vesting period on a straight-line basis. 
 PSU awards are granted to our executive officers and non-employee directors. All of the PSUs are performance-based and vest, if at all, after the conclusion of the performance period. The number of PSUs that ultimately vest is based on growth in our diluted EPS and on our relative total shareholder return over the vesting period. For these performance-based awards, our expected performance is reviewed to estimate the percentage of shares that will vest. The total compensation cost of the awards is then amortized over their applicable vesting period on a straight-line basis. 
 80 

Granted Vested ) ) Adjustment (1) 
 Forfeited ) Nonvested balance at October 2, 2022 Granted Vested ) ) Adjustment (1) 
 Forfeited ) ) Nonvested balance at October 1, 2023 Granted Vested ) ) Adjustment (1) 
 Forfeited ) ) Nonvested balance at September 29, 2024 
 PSUs due to the actual performance level achieved for PSUs granted in fiscal 2019 that vested during fiscal 2022. Fiscal 2023 includes a payout adjustment of PSUs due to the actual performance level achieved for PSUs granted in fiscal 2020 that vested during fiscal 2023. Fiscal 2024 includes a payout adjustment of PSUs due to the actual performance level achieved for PSUs granted in fiscal 2021 that vested during fiscal 2024. 
 In fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, we awarded , and shares of RSUs, respectively, to our key employees and non-employee directors. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of RSUs granted during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was , and , respectively. At fiscal 2024 year-end, there were RSUs outstanding. RSU forfeitures result from employment terminations prior to vesting. Forfeited shares return to the pool of authorized shares available for award. We use historical data as a basis to estimate the probability of forfeitures related to RSUs and the ESPP Plan. 
 In fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, we awarded , and shares of PSUs, respectively, to our executive officers and non-employee directors. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of PSUs granted in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was , and , respectively. At fiscal 2024 year-end, there were PSUs outstanding. 
 The stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs and PSUs for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was million, million and million, respectively, and was included in total stock-based compensation expense. The actual income tax benefit realized from RSUs and PSUs for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was million, million and million, respectively. At fiscal 2024 year-end, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation costs related to nonvested RSUs and PSUs that will be substantially recognized by fiscal 2027 year-end. 
 81 

Weighted-average purchase price per share Cash received from exercise of purchase rights 
 Expected stock price volatility Risk-free rate of return, annual Expected life (in years) 
 For fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, we based our expected stock price volatility on historical volatility behavior and current implied volatility behavior. The risk-fr ee rate of return was based on constant maturity rates provided by the U.S. Treasury. The expected life was based on the ESPP terms and conditions. 
 Stock-based compensation expense for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 included million, million and million, respectively, related to the ESPP. The unrecognized stock-based compensation costs for awards granted under the ESPP at fiscal 2024 and 2023 year-ends were million and million, respectively. At fiscal 2024 year-end, ESPP participants had accumulated million to purchase our common stock. 
 82 

13. 
 million, million and million, respectively. 
 Additionally, we have established a non-qualified deferred compensation plan for certain key employees and non-employee directors. These eligible employees and non-employee directors may elect to defer the receipt of salary, incentive payments, restricted stock, PSU and RSU awards and non-employee director fees. The plan is accounted for in accordance with applicable authoritative guidance on accounting for deferred compensation arrangements where amounts earned are held in a rabbi trust and invested. Employee deferrals are deposited into a rabbi trust, and the funds are generally invested in individual variable life insurance contracts that we own and are specifically designed to informally fund savings plans of this nature. At fiscal 2024 and 2023 year-ends, the consolidated balance sheets reflect assets of million and million, respectively, related to the deferred compensation plan in "Other long-term assets," and liabilities of million and million, respectively, related to the deferred compensation plan in "Other long-term liabilities." The net gains and losses related to the deferred compensation plan are reported as part of Selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income. These related net gains and losses were immaterial for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
 In connection with an acquisition, we assumed a defined benefit pension plan (the Plan ), which was operated for all qualifying employees. The assets of the Plan are held in a separate trustee administered fund. The plan is closed to new participants and to future benefit accrual. Under the agreed schedule of contributions, we make no further contributions, and continue to pay the expenses of administering the plan. 
 The change in the defined benefit obligation, the change in fair value of plan assets and the amounts recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income, the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income and the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were immaterial. 
 Benefit obligation ) ) Net surplus 
 The net surplus is reflected in other long-term assets on our consolidated balance sheets as of fiscal 2024 and 2023 year-ends. The benefits paid in fiscal 2024 and 2023 were million and million, respectively. 
 The fair values of the plan assets are substantially categorized within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Mutual funds Liability driven investment funds Bonds Cash/other Fair value of plan assets 
 
 We seek a competitive rate of return relative to an appropriate level of risk depending on the funded status and obligations of each plan and typically employ both active and passive investment management strategies. The risk in our practices includes diversification across asset classes and investment styles and periodic rebalancing toward asset allocation targets. The target asset allocation selected for each plan reflects a risk/return profile that we believe is appropriate relative to each plan s liability structure and return goals. 
 
 83 

Rate of inflation to 
 to 

14. 
 options were excluded from the calculation of dilutive potential common shares. 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic Effect of diluted stock options and unvested restricted stock Shares issuable assuming conversion of convertible notes Weighted-average common stock outstanding diluted Earnings per share attributable to Tetra Tech: Basic Diluted 
 
 15. 
 million at a rate of for a total of USD million that was integrated with our plan to acquire RPS. This contract matured on December 30, 2022. On December 28, 2022, we entered into an extension of the integrated forward contract to acquire GBP million at a rate of for a total of USD million, extending the maturity date to January 23, 2023, the closing date of the RPS acquisition. Although an effective economic hedge of our foreign exchange risk related to this transaction, the forward contract did not qualify for hedge accounting. As a result, the forward contract was marked-to-market with changes in fair value recognized in earnings each period. The intrinsic value of the forward contract was immaterial at inception as the GBP/USD spot and forward exchange rates were essentially the same. The fair value of the forward contract at October 2, 2022 was 
 84 

million, and an unrealized gain of the same amount was recognized in our fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 results. On January 23, 2023, the forward contract was settled at the fair value of million. We recognized additional gains of million and million in the first and second quarters of fiscal 2023, respectively. All gains related to this transaction were reported in Other non-operating income" on our consolidated income statements for the respective periods. 
 In fiscal 2018, we entered into interest rate swap agreements that we designated as cash flow hedges to fix the interest rates on the borrowings under our term loan facility. The five swaps expired on July 31, 2023. At fiscal 2022 year-end, the fair value of the effective portion of our interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges before tax effect was an unrealized gain of million, which was reported in "Other non-current assets" on our consolidated balance sheet. Additionally, the related loss of million and a gain of million for fiscal yea r ended 2023 and 2022, respectively, were recognized and reported on our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. There were no derivative instruments that were not designated as hedging instruments for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 16.) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income Interest rate contracts, net of tax (1) 
 ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balances at October 2, 2022 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Interest rate contracts, net of tax (1) 
 Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balances at October 1, 2023 ) ) Other comprehensiv e income be fore reclassifications 
 Net current-period other comprehensive income 
 Balances at September 29, 2024 ) ) 
 (1) This accumulated other comprehensive component is reclassified to "Interest expense" in our consolidated statements of income. See Note 15, "Derivative Financial Instruments", for more information. 
 
 17. 
 85 

At fiscal 2024 year-end, we had million in outstanding borrowings under our Amended Credit Agreement, which consisted of million under the New Term Loan Facility and borrowings under the Amended Revolving Credit Facility. 
 The estimated fair value of our million Convertible Notes, which were used to fund our business acquisitions, working capital needs, dividends, capital expenditures and contingent earn-outs, was determined based on the trading price of the Convertible Notes as of the last trading day of fiscal 2024. We consider the fair value of the Convertible Notes to be a Level 2 measurement as they are not actively traded in markets. The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the Convertible Notes were approximately million and million, respectively, at September 29, 2024, and million and million, respectively, at October 1, 2023 (see Note 9 , " Long-Term Debt "). 

18. 
 qui tam actions filed against our subsidiary, Tetra Tech EC, Inc. ("TtEC"), in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California ("the Court"). The complaint alleges False Claims Act violations and breach of contract related to TtEC's contracts to perform environmental remediation services at the former Hunters Point Naval Shipyard in San Francisco, California. On March 5, 2024, the Court granted the USAO's motion to amend the filing to include additional claims against TtEC under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act and common law. Several ancillary claims brought by third-party private plaintiffs arising from the same services provided by TtEC at Hunters Point are also ongoing. To explore whether a negotiated resolution is possible, TtEC began engaging in discussions with the USAO subsequent to the end of fiscal 2024 regarding a potential resolution of all claims. There can be no assurance that any framework for resolution will be achieved and, if any settlement is achieved, what the final terms or dollar amount will be. If a settlement is achieved, TtEC would not admit any wrongdoing and would be settling to avoid the delay, uncertainty and expense of protracted litigation. It is reasonably possible that a charge to income, which could be material to our financial position, results of operations and cash flows, may be required in future periods as discussions with the USAO continue and additional information becomes available. 
 
 19. 
 reportable segments. Our GSG reportable segment primarily includes activities with U.S. government clients (federal, state and local) and all activities with development agencies worldwide. Our CIG reporta ble segment primarily includes activities with U.S. commercial clients and international clients other than development agencies. 
 Our reportable segments are described as follows: 
 GSG: GSG provides high-end consulting and engineering services primarily to U.S. government clients (federal, state and local) and international development agencies worldwide. GSG supports U.S. government civilian and defense agencies with services in water, environment, sustainable infrastructure, information technology and disaster management. GSG also provides engineering design services for U.S. based federal and municipal clients, especially in water infrastructure, flood protection and solid waste. GSG also leads our support for development agencies worldwide, especially in the United States, United Kingdom and Australia. 
 CIG: CIG primarily provides high-end consulting and engineering services to U.S. commercial clients, and international clients inclusive of the commercial and government sectors. CIG supports commercial clients worldwide in renewable energy, industrial, high-performance buildings and aerospace markets. CIG also provides sustainable infrastructure and related environmental, engineering and project management services to commercial and local government clients across 
 86 

million of acquisition and integration expenses as described in Note 5, "Acquisitions". We also recorded a million million in GSG, million in CIG and million in Corporate) non-cash impairment charge related to our ROU operating lease assets in fiscal 2023 (see Note 10, "Leases" for more information). 
 CIG Elimination of inter-segment revenue ) ) ) Total revenue Income from operations GSG CIG Corporate (1) 
 ) ) ) Total income from operations 
 (1) Includes amortizat ion of intangibles, acquisition and integration expenses, as well as other costs and other income not allocable to segments. The intangible asset amortization expense for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was million, million and million, respectively. Additionally, Corporate results included loss for fair value adjustments to contingent consideration liabilities of ) million, ) million and ) million for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. See Note 6 - "Goodwill and Intangible Assets" for more information. 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Total Assets 
 GSG CIG Corporate (1) 
 Total assets 
 (1) Corporate assets consist of intercompany eliminations and assets not allocated to our reportable segments including goodwill, intangible assets, deferred income taxes and certain other assets. 
 87 

Foreign countries (1) 
 Total 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended Long-lived assets (2) : 
 September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 United States Foreign countries (1) 
 Total 
 (1) Includes revenue and long-lived assets from our foreign operations, primarily in the United Kingdom, Australia and Canada, and reve nue generated from non-U.S. clients. 

20. 
 Related reimbursable costs 
 Our consolidated balance sheets also included the following amounts related to these services (in thousands): 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Accounts receivable, net Contract assets Contract liabilities ) ) 
 
 21. 
 million and million, respectively, of unrea lized gain on a foreign currency forward contract related to the planned acquisition of RPS. We also recorded a million non-cash impairment charge related to our ROU operating lease assets in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 (see Note 10, "Leases" for more information). Additionally, we incurred million of acquisition and integration expenses in fiscal 2023 (largely comprised of million in the second quarter and million in fourth quarter) as described in Note 5, "Acquisitions". 
 88 

Income from operations Net income attributable to Tetra Tech Earnings per share attributable to Tetra Tech: Basic Diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Fiscal Year 2023 Revenue Income from operations Net income attributable to Tetra Tech Earnings per share attributable to Tetra Tech: Basic Diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 89 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures and changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 At September 29, 2024, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures . Based on our management's evaluation (with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer), our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), were effective. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f), internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Internal controls include those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at September 29, 2024, based on the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. Based upon this assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective at September 29, 2024. 
 Pricewaterhouse Coopers LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K, has issued a report on our internal control over financial reporting. This report, dated November 19, 2024, appears on pages 51-52 of this F orm 10-K. 
 Consistent with the guidance issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission Staff, management's assessment of internal control over financial reporting excluded LS Technologies ("LST"), which we acquired on January 31, 2024. LST is a wholly owned subsidiary whose total assets and total revenues represent 1.4 and 1.7 , respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 29, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Insider Trading Arrangements 
 During fiscal 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) , modified or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act or any "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item relating to our directors and nominees, regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, and regarding our Audit Committee is included under the captions "Item No. 1 Election of Directors" 
 90 

and "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in our Proxy Statement related to th e 2025 An nual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated by reference. 
 Pursuant to General Instruction G (3) of Form 10-K, the information required by this item relating to our executive officers is included under the caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant" in Part I of this Report. 
 We have a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer and all members of our finance department, including our principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. This code of ethics, entitled "Finance Code of Professional Conduct," is posted on our website. The Internet address for our website is www.tetratech.com, and the code of ethics may be found through a link to the Investor Relations section of our website. 
 We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K for any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this code of ethics by posting any such information on our website, at the address and location specified above. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is included under the captions "Item No. 1 Election of Directors" and "Executive Compensation Tables" in our Proxy Statement related to t he 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management, and securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans, is included under the caption "Security Ownership of Management and Significant Stockholders" in our Proxy Statement related to t he 2025 Ann ual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item relating to review, approval or ratification of transactions with related persons is included under the caption "Related Person Transactions," and the information required by this item relating to director independence is included under the caption "Item No. 1 Election of Directors," in each case in our Proxy Statement related to t he 2025 A nnual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is included under the caption "Item No. 4 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" in our Proxy Statement related to the 2025 Annua l Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated by reference. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 91 

(a) Documents filed as part of this report Page 1 Consolidated financial statements Consolidated Balance Sheets at Se ptember 29 , 202 4 and October 1 , 202 3 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended September 29 , 202 4 , October 1 , 202 3 and October 2 , 202 2 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended September 29 , 202 4 , October 1 , 202 3 and October 2 , 202 2 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended September 29 , 202 4 , October 1 , 202 3 and October 2 , 202 2 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the fiscal years ended September 29 , 202 4 , October 1 , 202 3 and October 2 , 20 2 2 
 57 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 2 Consolidated financial statement Schedule Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves for the fiscal years ended September 29 , 202 4 , October 1 , 202 3 and October 2 , 202 2 
 92 
 All other schedules are omitted because they are neither applicable nor required 3 Exhibits The exhibit list in the Index to Exhibits is incorporated by reference as the list of exhibits required as part of this Report. 93 

Tetra Tech, Inc. 
 ) ) ) Fiscal 2023 ) Fiscal 2024 ) Income tax valuation allowance: Fiscal 2022 ) ) Fiscal 2023 ) Fiscal 2024 ) 
 (1) Primarily represents write-offs of uncollectible amounts, net of recoveries for the allowance for doubtful accounts. 
 (2) Includes losses in foreign jurisdictions, currency adjustments and valuation allowance adjustments related to net operating loss carry-forwards. 
 92 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 2.1 
 Rule 2.7 Announcement, dated as of September 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 26, 2022). 
 
 2.2 
 Cooperation Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 26, 2022). 
 
 3.1 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 26, 2009). 
 
 3.2 
 Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Tetra Tech, Inc., dated September 6, 20 24 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 6, 2024). 
 
 3.3 
 Bylaws of the Company (amended and restated as of November 7, 2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 10, 2022). 
 
 4.1 
 Indenture, dated as of August 22, 2023, by and between Tetra Tech, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 22, 2023). 
 
 4.2 
 Form of Global Note, representing Tetra Tech, Inc. s 2.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 22, 2023). 
 
 4.3 
 Description of Capital Stock.+ 
 
 10.1 
 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of October 26, 2022 among Tetra Tech, Inc., Tetra Tech Canada Holding Corporation, Tetra Tech UK Holdings Limited, Tetra Tech Coffey Pty., Ltd., the subsidiary guarantors and the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 28, 2022). 
 
 10.2 
 Amendment No. 1 to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 4, 2023 among Tetra Tech, Inc., Tetra Tech Canada Holding Corporation, Tetra Tech UK Holdings Limited, Tetra Tech Coffey Pty Ltd, the subsidiary guarantors and the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 22, 2023). 
 
 10.3 
 Amendment No. 2 to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 17, 2023 among Tetra Tech, Inc., Tetra Tech Canada Holding Corporation, Tetra Tech UK Holdings Limited, Tetra Tech Coffey Pty Ltd, the subsidiary guarantors and the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 22, 2023). 
 
 10.4 
 Form of Confirmation for Capped Call Transactions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 22, 2023). 
 
 10.5 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2012). 
 
 10.6 
 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended through November 7, 2011) (incorporated by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement for its 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on February 28, 2012). 
 
 10.7 
 First Amendment to the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended through November 7, 2011) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2013). 
 
 10.8 
 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement for its 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on March 5, 2015). 
 
 10.9 
 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement for its 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on March 8, 2018). 

93 

10.10 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement entered into between the Company and each of its directors and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 3, 2004). 
 
 10.11 
 Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 29, 2020). 
 
 10.12 
 Change of Control Severance Plan effective March 26, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 9, 2018). 
 
 10.13 
 Executive Compensation Plan (as amended and restated November 14, 2013) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2013). 
 
 19.1 
 Tech, Inc. and Subsidiaries Insider Trading Policy.+ 
 
 19.2 
 Tetra Tech, Inc. and Subsidiaries Insider Trading Policy Pre-Clearance and Blackout Procedures.+ 
 
 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Company.+ 
 
 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP). + 
 
 24 
 Power of Attorney (included on page 9 5 o f this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 
 31.1 
 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) .+ 
 
 31.2 
 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). + 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 1350. + 
 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 1350. + 
 
 95 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. + 
 
 97.1 
 Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy + 
 101 The following financial information from our Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the period ended September 29, 2024, formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.+ 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory arrangement. 
 + 
 Filed herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 94 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 TETRA TECH, INC. By: /s/ DAN L. BATRACK Date: November 19, 2024 Dan L. Batrack Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Dan L. Batrack and Steven M. Burdick, jointly and severally, his attorney-in-fact, each with the full power of substitution, for such person, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might do or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his substitute, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ DAN L. BATRACK Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President November 19, 2024 Dan L. Batrack (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ STEVEN M. BURDICK Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer November 19, 2024 Steven M. Burdick (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ BRIAN N. CARTER Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller November 19, 2024 Brian N. Carter (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ GARY R. BIRKENBEUEL Director November 19, 2024 Gary R. Birkenbeuel /s/ JOHN M. DOUGLAS Director November 19, 2024 John M. Douglas /s/ PRASHANT GANDHI Director November 19, 2024 Prashant Gandhi /s/ CHRISTIANA OBIAYA Director November 19, 2024 Christiana Obiaya /s/ KIMBERLY E. RITRIEVI Director November 19, 2024 Kimberly E. Ritrievi /s/ KIRSTEN M. VOLPI Director November 19, 2024 Kirsten M. Volpi 

95 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 ttekex43q424.htm
 EX-4.3

Document 

Exhibit 4.3 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 The following description of our common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL and the complete text of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (our Certificate of Incorporation ), and our Bylaws (our Bylaws ). We encourage you to read that law and those documents carefully. 
 
 As used herein, we, our, and us refer to Tetra Tech, Inc. and not to its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of 750,000,000 shares of our common stock, 0.01 par value per share common stock ), and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.01 par value per share preferred stock ). Our Board of Directors (the Board of Directors may establish the rights and preferences of the preferred stock from time to time. As of October 31, 2024, we had 267,739,810 shares of our common stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 General . Each holder of our common stock is entitled to one vote for each share of our common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. All matters to be voted on by stockholders, other than the election of directors which is discussed below, must be approved by a majority of shares of our common stock present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote generally on the subject matter thereof, subject to any voting rights granted to holders of any preferred stock. There are no cumulative voting rights. 
 
 Election of Directors . Our Bylaws require that, in uncontested elections, each director is elected by a majority of the votes cast with respect to that director s election. This means that the number of shares of our common stock voted for a director must exceed the number of shares of our common stock affirmatively voted against such director in order for that director to be elected. If an incumbent director fails to receive a majority of the votes cast in an uncontested election at the stockholder meeting and no successor is elected at such meeting, such incumbent director shall promptly tender his or her resignation to the Board of Directors for consideration by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (or other committee designated by the Board of Directors). The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will then make a recommendation to the Board of Directors as to whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation, or whether other action should be taken. The Board of Directors will act on the tendered resignation, taking into account the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s recommendation, and publicly disclose its decision regarding the tendered resignation and the rationale behind the decision within 90 days from the date of the certification of the elections results. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board of Directors may consider any factors and other information they deem relevant in deciding whether to accept, reject or take other action with respect to any such tendered resignation. A plurality of the votes cast voting standard will apply in the event of the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then outstanding preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably those dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors out of legally available funds. 
 
 Liquidation 

In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of debts and other liabilities and the satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any then outstanding shares of preferred stock. 
 
 Other Rights and Preferences 
 
 Holders of our common stock have no preemptive, conversion or subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of our common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate in the future. 
 
 Blank Check Preferred Stock 
 
 Under the terms of our Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue up to 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences. 
 
 The purpose of authorizing the Board of Directors to issue preferred stock and determine its rights and preferences is to eliminate delays associated with a stockholder vote on specific issuances. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions, future financings and other corporate purposes, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or could adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders by restricting dividends on the common stock, diluting the voting power of the common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of the common stock or delaying or preventing a change in control without further action by the stockholders. As a result of these or other factors, the issuance of preferred stock could have an adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. 
 
 As of October 31, 2024, no shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding. All shares of preferred stock will, when issued, be fully paid and non-assessable and, unless otherwise stated in connection with any offering of a series of preferred stock, will not have any preemptive or similar rights. If we offer any class or series of preferred stock, we will set forth the specific terms of any such class of series, including the price at which the preferred stock may be purchased, the number of shares of preferred stock offered, and the terms, if any, on which the preferred stock may be convertible into common stock or exchangeable for other securities. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Certain Provisions of Delaware Law and our Organizational Documents 
 
 Set forth below is a summary of the relevant provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and certain applicable sections of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws contain provisions that are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of the Board of Directors and that could make it more difficult to acquire control of our company by means of a tender offer, open market purchases, a proxy contest or otherwise. We expect that these provisions, which are summarized below, will discourage coercive takeover practices or inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our Board of Directors, which we believe may result in an improvement of the terms of any such acquisition in favor of our stockholders. However, they also give the Board of Directors the power to discourage acquisitions that some stockholders may favor. 
 
 Stockholder-initiated Bylaws Amendments 
 
 Our Bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed by stockholders only upon the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote in the election of directors. Our Board of Directors may also amend our Bylaws without consent of our stockholders. 

Authorized but Unissued Shares 
 
 Under Delaware law, our authorized but unissued shares of our common stock are available for future issuance without stockholder approval. We may use these additional shares for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of our common stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 
 Blank Check Preferred Stock 
 
 As discussed above, the issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions, future financings and other corporate purposes, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or could adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders by restricting dividends on the common stock, diluting the voting power of the common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of the common stock or delaying or preventing a change in control without further action by the stockholders. 
 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 
 
 Our Bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders must provide timely advance notice in writing, and, subject to applicable law, specifies requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s notice. 
 
 Section 203 of the DGCL 
 
 We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which generally prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, with the following exceptions 
 
 before such date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder 
 upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder, those shares owned (1) by persons who are directors and also officers and (2) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer or 
 on or after such date, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 
 In general, Section 203 defines a business combination to include the following 
 
 any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder 
 any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder 
 subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder 
 any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder or 

the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits by or through the corporation. 
 
 In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as an entity or person who, together with the person s affiliates and associates, beneficially owns, or within three years prior to the time of determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 
 
 Limitation on Liability of Directors and Officers 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation limits the liability of directors for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. 
 
 In addition, our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws require that we indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. We also expect to continue to maintain directors and officers liability insurance. We believe that these indemnification provisions and insurance are useful to attract and retain qualified directors and executive officers. 
 
 The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions may also have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. 
 
 In addition to the indemnification in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, we have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our current directors and officers. These agreements provide for the indemnification of our directors and officers for all reasonable expenses and liabilities incurred in connection with any action or proceeding brought against them by reason of the fact that they are or were our agents. We believe that these provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and indemnification agreements, as well as our maintaining directors and officers liability insurance, help to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. The transfer agent s address is P.O. Box 505000, Louisville, Kentucky 40233. 
 
 Listing 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol TTEK. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-19.1>
 3
 ttekex191q42024.htm
 EX-19.1

Document 

TETRA TECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Insider Trading Policy 

I. THE NEED FOR A POLICY STATEMENT 
 Federal securities laws prohibit the purchase or sale of securities by a person who is aware of material nonpublic information, and the disclosure of material nonpublic information to others who then trade in a company's securities. Insider trading violations are pursued vigorously by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and are punished severely. While the regulatory authorities concentrate their efforts on the individuals who trade, or who tip inside information to others who trade, the federal securities laws also impose potential liability on companies and other controlling persons if they fail to take reasonable steps to prevent insider trading by company personnel. This policy applies to all Tetra Tech employees. 
 Tetra Tech's Board of Directors has adopted this Policy Statement both to satisfy our obligation to prevent insider trading and to help our personnel avoid the severe consequences associated with violations of the insider trading laws. The Policy Statement also is intended to prevent even the appearance of improper conduct on the part of anyone employed by Tetra Tech (not just so-called insiders). We have all worked hard over the years to establish a reputation for integrity and ethical conduct, and we cannot afford to have that reputation damaged. 
 
 II. THE CONSEQUENCES 
 The consequences of an insider trading violation can be severe 
 A. Traders and Tippers 
 1. Company personnel (or their tippees) who trade on inside information are subject to the following penalties 
 a. A civil penalty of up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided 
 b. A criminal fine of up to 1,000,000 (no matter how small the profit) 
 c. A jail term of up to ten years 
 2. An employee who tips information to a person who then trades is subject to the same penalties as the tippee, even if the employee did not trade and did not profit from the tippee's trading. 
 B. Control Persons 
 1. The Company and its supervisory personnel, if they fail to take appropriate steps to prevent illegal trading, are subject to the following penalties 
 a. A civil penalty of up to 1,000,000 or, if greater, three times the profit gained or loss avoided as a result of the violation 
 b. A criminal penalty of up to 2,500,000 

C. Company-Imposed Sanctions 
 An employee's failure to comply with our insider trading policy may subject the employee to Company-imposed sanctions, including dismissal for cause, whether or not the employee's failure to comply results in a violation of law. A violation of law, or even an SEC investigation that does not result in prosecution, can tarnish one's reputation and irreparably damage a career. 
 
 III. STATEMENT OF POLICY 
 It is Tetra Tech's policy that no director, officer or other employee who is aware of material nonpublic information relating to the Company may, directly or through family members or other persons or entities, (a) buy or sell securities of the Company (other than pursuant to a pre-approved trading plan that complies with SEC Rule 10b5-1), or engage in any other action to take personal advantage of that information, or (b) pass that information on to others outside the Company, including family and friends. In addition, it is Tetra Tech's policy that no director, officer or other employee who, in the course working for the Company, learns of material nonpublic information about a company with which Tetra Tech does business, may trade in that company's securities until the information becomes public or is no longer material. 
 Transactions that may be necessary or justifiable for independent reasons (such as the need to raise money for an expenditure) are not exempt from the policy. The securities laws do not recognize such mitigating circumstances, and, in any event, even the appearance of an improper transaction must be avoided to preserve our reputation for adhering to the standards of conduct. 
 A. Disclosure of Information to Others 
 Tetra Tech is required under Regulation FD of the federal securities laws to avoid selective disclosure of material nonpublic information. We have established procedures for releasing material information in a manner that is designed to achieve broad public dissemination of the information immediately upon its release. You may not, therefore, disclose information to anyone outside the Company, including family members and friends, other than in accordance with those procedures. You also may not discuss Tetra Tech or its business in an internet chat room or similar internet-based forum. 
 B. Material Information 
 Material information is any information that a reasonable investor would consider important in making a decision to buy, hold or sell securities. Any information that could be expected to affect Tetra Tech s stock price, whether it is positive or negative, should be considered material. Some examples of information that ordinarily would be regarded as material are 
 1. Projections of future earnings or losses, or other earnings guidance 
 2. Earnings that are inconsistent with the consensus expectations of the investment community 
 3. A pending or proposed merger, acquisition or tender offer 
 4. A pending or proposed acquisition or disposition of a significant asset 
 5. A change in dividend policy, the declaration of a stock split, or an offering of additional securities 
 6. A change in management 
 7. A client s impending bankruptcy or the existence of severe liquidity problems 

8. The gain or loss of a significant customer 
 C. Twenty-Twenty Hindsight 
 Remember, anyone scrutinizing your transactions will be doing so after the fact, with the benefit of hindsight. As a practical matter, before engaging in any transaction, you should carefully consider how enforcement authorities or others might view the transaction in hindsight. 
 D. When Information is Public 
 If you are aware of material nonpublic information, you may not trade until the information has been disclosed broadly to the marketplace (such as by press release or an SEC filing) and the investing public has had time to consider the information fully. To avoid the appearance of impropriety, as a general rule, information should not be considered fully absorbed by the marketplace until after the second business day after the information is released. If, for example, Tetra Tech were to make an announcement on a Monday, you should not trade in our stock until Wednesday. If an announcement were made on a Friday, Tuesday generally would be the first eligible trading day. 
 E. Transactions by Family Members 
 The insider trading policy also applies to your family members who reside with you, anyone else who lives in your household, and any family members who do not live in your household but whose transactions in Company securities are directed by you or are subject to your influence or control (such as parents or children who consult with you before they trade in company securities). You are responsible for the transactions of these other persons and therefore should make them aware of the need to confer with you before they trade in our stock. 
 F. Transactions under Tetra Tech Plans 
 1. Stock Option Exercises. Tetra Tech s insider trading policy does not apply to the exercise of an employee stock option, or to the exercise of a tax withholding right pursuant to which you elect to have us withhold shares subject to an option to satisfy tax withholding requirements. The policy does apply, however, to any sale of stock as part of a broker-assisted cashless exercise of an option, or any other market sale for the purpose of generating the cash needed to pay the exercise price of an option. 
 2. Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Tetra Tech s insider trading policy does not apply to purchases of our stock in the employee stock purchase plan resulting from your periodic contribution of money to the plan pursuant to the election you made at the time of your enrollment in the plan. The policy also does not apply to purchases of our stock resulting from lump sum contributions to the plan, provided that you elected to participate by lump-sum payment at the beginning of the applicable enrollment period. The policy does not apply to your election to participate in the plan for any enrollment period, but it does apply to your sales of Tetra Tech stock purchased pursuant to the plan. 
 G. Additional Prohibited Transactions 
 Tetra Tech considers it improper and inappropriate for any director, officer or other employee to engage in short-term or speculative transactions in our stock. Accordingly, it is Tetra Tech s policy that directors, officers and other employees may not engage in any of the following transactions 

1. Short-term Trading. An employee's short-term trading of our stock may be distracting to you and may cause you to unduly focus on our short-term stock market performance instead of our long-term business objectives. For these reasons, any director, officer or other employee with material non-public information who purchases our stock in the open market may not sell any Tetra Tech stock during the six months following the purchase. However, no sale can be made if the employee has material non-public information at the time of the proposed sale. This prohibition applies only to purchases the open market, and does not apply to stock option exercises or other employee benefit plan acquisitions. 
 2. Short Sales. Short sales of our stock evidence an expectation on the part of the seller that the securities will decline in value, and therefore signal to the market that the seller has no confidence in Tetra Tech or its short-term prospects. In addition, short sales may reduce the seller's incentive to improve the Company's performance. For these reasons, short sales of our stock are prohibited by this Policy Statement. In addition, Section 16(c) of the Exchange Act prohibits officers and directors from engaging in short sales. 
 3. Hedging Transactions. Certain forms of hedging or monetization transactions, such as zero- cost collars and forward sale contracts, allow an employee to lock in much of the value of his or her stock holdings, often in exchange for all or part of the potential for upside appreciation in the stock. These transactions allow the director or employee to continue to own the covered securities, but without the full risks and rewards of ownership. When that occurs, the director or employee may no longer have the same objectives as other shareholders. Therefore, Tetra Tech strongly discourages you from engaging in such transactions. Any person wishing to enter into such an arrangement must first pre-clear the proposed transaction with our General Counsel, and any request for pre-clearance must be submitted at least one week prior to the proposed execution of documents evidencing the proposed transaction. 
 4. Margin Accounts and Pledges. Securities held in a margin account may be sold by the broker without the customer's consent if the customer fails to meet a margin call. Similarly, securities pledged (or hypothecated) as collateral for a loan may be sold in foreclosure if the borrower defaults on the loan. Because a margin sale or foreclosure sale may occur at a time when the pledgor is aware of material nonpublic information or otherwise is not permitted to trade in Tetra Tech stock, directors, officers and other employees are prohibited from holding our stock in a margin account or pledging our stock as collateral for a loan. An exception to this prohibition may be granted where a person wishes to pledge Tetra Tech stock as collateral for a loan (including margin debt) and clearly demonstrates the financial capacity to repay the loan without resort to the pledged stock. Any person who wishes to pledge our stock as collateral for a loan must submit a request for approval to our General Counsel at least one week prior to the proposed execution of documents evidencing the proposed pledge. 
 5. Post-Termination Transactions. The Policy Statement continues to apply to your transactions in Tetra Tech stock even after you have terminated employment. If you are in possession of material nonpublic information when your employment terminates, you may not trade in our stock until that information has become public or is no longer material. 
 
 IV. COMPANY ASSISTANCE 
 Any person who has a question about this Policy Statement or its application to any proposed transaction may obtain additional guidance from our General Counsel at general.counsel tetratech.com. 

Ultimately, however, the responsibility for adhering to this Policy Statement and avoiding unlawful transactions rests with the individual employee. 
 
 V. CERTIFICATION 
 All employees must certify their understanding of and intent to comply with this Policy Statement. The certification that employees (other than executive officers) must sign is included as part of the Company s Acknowledgment form. Directors and executive officers are subject to additional restrictions on their transactions in Tetra Tech stock, which are described in a separate memorandum. Directors, executive officers and employees included on Tetra Tech s insider list should sign the certification attached to that memorandum. 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-19.2>
 4
 ttekex192q42024.htm
 EX-19.2

Document 

TETRA TECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Insider Trading Policy Pre-Clearance and Blackout Procedures 

OVERVIEW 
 To help prevent inadvertent violations of the Federal securities laws and to avoid even the appearance of trading on inside information, Tetra Tech (the Company has adopted these Pre-Clearance and Blackout Procedures Procedures in connection with the Company s Insider Trading Policy. These Procedures apply to directors, executive officers subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and certain designated employees and consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries who have access to material nonpublic information about the Company. The Company may from time to time designate other individuals who are subject to these Procedures or remove individuals upon the resignation or change of status of any individual. 
 The Procedures are in addition to and supplements the Company s Insider Trading Policy. 
 Directors and executive officers are also subject to additional procedures designed to address the two-business day Form 4 filing requirement under Section 16. These procedures are covered in a separate memorandum. 
 PRE-CLEARANCE PROCEDURES 
 Directors and executive officers of the Company and any other persons designated by General Counsel as being subject to the Company s pre-clearance procedures, together with their family members, may not engage in any transaction in Tetra Tech stock (including a gift, contribution to a trust, or similar transfer) without first obtaining pre-clearance of the transaction from (1) our General Counsel and (2) either our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) or Chief Financial Officer (CFO). A proposed trade by the CEO must be pre-cleared by the CFO a proposed trade by the General Counsel must be pre-cleared by either the CEO or the CFO. 
 A written request for pre-clearance should be submitted to our General Counsel at least two days in advance of the proposed transaction. Our General Counsel will then confer with our CEO and or CFO as to whether the trade should be permitted, and provide written notification of such decision to the person seeking approval. E-mail is a sufficient form of written request and notification. In the event the trade is authorized, the approval is valid only for two trading days from the time it is sent. Neither our General Counsel nor our CEO or CFO is under any obligation to approve a trade submitted for pre-clearance, and may determine not to permit the trade. 
 
 November 2024 Page 1 of #NUM_PAGES# 

TETRA TECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Insider Trading Policy Pre-Clearance and Blackout Procedures 

 BROKER INTERFACE PROCEDURES (Directors and Executive Officers Only) 
 The accelerated reporting of transactions to the Securities and Exchange Commission will require tight interface with brokers handling transactions for our insiders. A knowledgeable and alert broker can act as a gatekeeper, helping ensure compliance with our pre-clearance procedures and helping prevent inadvertent violations. The Company has engaged E TRADE to handle administration of the Company s stock plan and equity awards and E TRADE automatically provides the Company with the required notices. However, if you engage in transactions with any other broker, both you and such broker must sign the attached Broker Instruction Representation Form which imposes two requirements on the broker handling the insider s transactions in Company stock 
 1. Not to enter any order (except for orders under pre-approved Rule 10b5- 1 plans) without 
 
 a) first verifying with the General Counsel that the transaction was pre-cleared and 
 b) complying with the brokerage firm s compliance procedures. 
 
 2. To report immediately to the General Counsel via telephone and in writing (e-mail or fax) the details of every transaction involving Company stock, including gifts, transfers, pledges and all 10b5-1 transactions. 
 
 BLACKOUT PERIODS 
 Quarterly Blackout Periods . The Company s announcement of its quarterly financial results almost always has the potential to have a material effect on the market for Tetra Tech stock. Therefore, you can anticipate that, to avoid even the appearance of trading while aware of material nonpublic information, persons who are or may be expected to be aware of the Company s quarterly financial results generally will not be pre-cleared to trade in Tetra Tech stock during the period beginning two weeks prior to the end of the Company s fiscal quarter, and ending after the second business day following the Company s issuance of its quarterly earnings release. Persons subject to these quarterly blackout periods include all directors and executive officers, all employees who are informed by the General Counsel that they are subject to the quarterly blackout periods. 
 Interim Earnings Guidance . The Company may on occasion issue interim earnings guidance or other potentially material information by means of a press release, SEC filing on Form 8-K or other means designed to achieve widespread dissemination of the information. You should anticipate that trades are unlikely to be pre-cleared 
 
 November 2024 

TETRA TECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Insider Trading Policy Pre-Clearance and Blackout Procedures 

when the Company is in the process of assembling the information to be released and until the information has been released and fully absorbed by the market. 
 Event-Specific Blackout Periods . From time to time, an event may occur that is material to the Company and is known by only certain directors or executive officers. So long as the event remains material and nonpublic, directors, executive officers and such other persons as are designated by our General Counsel may not trade in Tetra Tech stock. The existence of an event-specific blackout will not be announced, other than to those who are aware of the event giving rise to the blackout. If, however, a person whose trades are subject to clearance requests permission to trade in Tetra Tech stock during an event-specific blackout, our General Counsel will inform the requester of the existence of a blackout period, without disclosing the reason for the blackout. Any person made aware of the existence of an event-specific blackout should not disclose the existence of the blackout to any other person. The failure of our General Counsel to designate a person as being subject to an event-specific blackout will not relieve that person of the obligation not to trade while aware of material nonpublic information. 
 Even if a blackout period is not in effect, at no time may you trade in Tetra Tech stock if you are aware of material nonpublic information about the Company . 
 
 Hardship Exceptions . A person who is subject to a quarterly earnings blackout period and who has an unexpected and urgent need to sell Tetra Tech stock in order to generate cash may, in appropriate circumstances, be permitted to sell Tetra Tech stock even during the blackout period. Hardship exceptions may be granted only by the General Counsel, and must be requested at least two days in advance of the proposed trade. A hardship exception may be granted only if our General Counsel (after consultation with either our CEO or CFO) concludes that the Company s earnings information for the applicable quarter does not constitute material nonpublic information. Under no circumstance will a hardship exception be granted during an event-specific blackout period. 
 EXCEPTION FOR APPROVED 10B5-1 PLANS 
 Trades by covered persons in the Company s securities that are executed pursuant to an approved 10b5-1 plan are not subject to the prohibition on trading on the basis of material nonpublic information contained in the Insider Trading Policy or to the restrictions set forth above relating to pre-clearance procedures and blackout periods. 
 Rule 10b5-1 provides an affirmative defense from insider trading liability under the federal securities laws for trading plans that meet certain requirements. In general, a 
 
 November 2024 

TETRA TECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Insider Trading Policy Pre-Clearance and Blackout Procedures 

 10b5-1 plan must be entered into before you are aware of material nonpublic information. Once the plan is adopted, you must not exercise any influence over the amount of securities to be traded, the price at which they are to be traded or the date of the trade. The plan must either specify (including by formula) the amount, pricing and timing of transactions in advance or delegate discretion on those matters to an independent third party. 
 Any person subject to the pre-clearance requirements who wishes to implement a trading plan under SEC Rule 10b5-1 must first pre-clear the plan with our General Counsel, who will also confer with our CEO and or CFO. 10b5-1 plans generally may not be adopted during a blackout period and may only be adopted before the person adopting the plan is aware of material nonpublic information, with the first trade not to occur prior to 30 calendar days following the adoption of the 10b5-1 plan. 
 TERMINATION OF INSIDER STATUS 
 For all Tetra Tech insiders who separate from the company, the removal of the insider status will become effective following the issuance of the next earnings release after the separation date. Until that time, you will remain subject to the blackout periods and pre-clearance procedures. 
 
 POST-TERMINATION TRANSACTIONS 
 If you are aware of material nonpublic information when you terminate service as a director, executive officer or other employee of the Company, you may not trade in the Company s securities until that information becomes public or is no longer material. In all other respects, the procedures set forth in this Policy will cease to apply to your transactions in Tetra Tech securities upon the expiration of the blackout period that is applicable to your transactions at the time of your termination of employment or service. 
 COMPANY ASSISTANCE 
 Your compliance with Tetra Tech s Insider Trading Policy and these Pre-Clearance and Blackout Procedures is of the utmost importance both for you and for the Company. Any person who has a question about the Insider Trading Policy, these Pre-Clearance and Blackout Procedures or their application to any proposed transaction may obtain additional guidance from our General Counsel at general.counsel tetratech.com . 
 
 November 2024 

TETRA TECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Insider Trading Policy Pre-Clearance and Blackout Procedures 

CERTIFICATION 
 Upon becoming a director, officer and other employee subject to the procedures set forth in these Pre-Clearance and Blackout Procedures, such person must complete the attached certification confirming their understanding of, and intent to comply with, the Insider Trading Policy and these Pre-Clearance and Blackout Procedures. 

November 2024 

TETRA TECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Insider Trading Policy Pre-Clearance and Blackout Procedures 

 TETRA TECH, INC. 
 
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY CERTIFICATION 

To Tetra Tech, Inc. (the Company 
 
 I, ________________________, do hereby certify the following in compliance with the Company s Insider Trading Policy and the Pre-Clearance and Blackout Procedures (collectively, the Policy 
 
 1. I have read and understand Tetra Tech s Policy covering pre-clearance and blackout procedures. I understand that Tetra Tech s General Counsel is available to answer any questions I have regarding the Policy. 
 2. I will comply with the Policy for as long as I am subject to the Policy. 

Signature _______________________ 
 
 Date __________________ 

November 2024 

TETRA TECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Insider Trading Policy Pre-Clearance and Blackout Procedures 

(Directors and Executive Officers Only For Non-E TRADE Brokers) 
 
 BROKER INSTRUCTION REPRESENTATION FORM 
 
 RE Pre-Clearance Procedure for All Transactions Involving Tetra Tech Stock 
 
 In order to comply with the two-day filing requirement for executive officers and directors and others (including family members) subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Tetra Tech has instituted compliance procedures that require you to sign this form and promptly return it to the Company. 
 
 1. I authorize Tetra Tech and you, my securities broker, to implement procedures for reporting to Tetra Tech all my transactions (including those of my family members and other entities attributable to me under Section 16) involving Tetra Tech stock, including transfers such as gifts, pledges, hedges, etc., and other changes in beneficial ownership. 
 
 2. Prior to executing any instruction from me involving Tetra Tech stock, you agree that you will verify with Tetra Tech (i.e., the General Counsel, CFO or CEO) that my proposed order of instruction has been approved. You also agree to adhere to your brokerage firm s procedures and all other relevant compliance procedures. 
 
 3. Immediately upon execution of any transaction or instruction involving Tetra Tech stock, you agree to provide all the detail of the transaction to Tetra Tech, both by telephone and in writing (by fax or e-mail). 
 
 Thank you. 
 
 _____________________________ 
 (Insider Signature) 
 
 Print Name ____________________ 
 
 I agree to comply with all procedures. 
 
 _____________________________ 
 (Broker Signature) 
 
 Print Name ____________________ 
 
 Brokerage Firm Name ______________________________ 
 
 Address ________________________________________ 
 
 November 2024 

TETRA TECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Insider Trading Policy Pre-Clearance and Blackout Procedures 

Phone _________________ E-mail __________________ 
 
 Branch Manager _______________ 
 
 Please sign and return this form to Tetra Tech s General Counsel, at general.counsel tetratech.com . 
 
 November 2024 

</EX-19.2>

<EX-21>
 5
 ttek-ex21q42024.htm
 EX-21

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21 

 Subsidiaries of Tetra Tech, Inc. NAME JURISDICTION OF FORMATION Advanced Management Technology, Inc. Virginia American Environmental Group, Ltd. Ohio Amyx, Inc. Delaware ARD, Inc. Vermont Ardaman & Associates, Inc. Florida BlueWater Federal Solutions, Inc. Delaware Cosentini Associates, Inc. New York Global Tech Inc. Virginia Glumac California Hoare Lea LLP United Kingdom INDUS Corporation Virginia Management Systems International, Inc. District of Columbia PRO-telligent, LLC Delaware Rooney Engineering, Inc. Colorado RPS AAP Consulting Pty Ltd Australia R P S Group Limited United Kingdom Segue Technologies, Inc. Virginia Tetra Tech Australia Pty Ltd Australia Tetra Tech BAS, Inc. California Tetra Tech Canada Holding Corporation Canada Tetra Tech Canada, Inc. Canada Tetra Tech Coffey Pty Ltd Australia Tetra Tech Construction, Inc. New York Tetra Tech EC, Inc. Delaware Tetra Tech EMC, Inc. California Tetra Tech ES, Inc. Delaware Tetra Tech Executive Services, Inc. California Tetra Tech Holding LLC Delaware Tetra Tech Holdings Pty Ltd. Australia Tetra Tech International Development Pty Ltd Australia Tetra Tech Limited United Kingdom Tetra Tech RPS Energy Pty Ltd Australia Tetra Tech Tesoro, Inc. Virginia Tetra Tech UK Holdings Limited United Kingdom The Kaizen Company, LLC District of Columbia 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 ttek-ex23q42024.htm
 EX-23

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-226586, 333-211153, 333-203817, 333-184958, 333-174032, 333-158932, 333-148712, 333-145201, 333-145199, 333-85558, 333-53036, and 333-11757) of Tetra Tech, Inc. of our report dated November 18, 2024 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 November 19, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ttek-ex311q42024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Dan L. Batrack, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tetra Tech, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 19, 2024 s Dan L. Batrack Dan L. Batrack Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ttek-ex312q42024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Steven M. Burdick, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tetra Tech, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 19, 2024 s Steven M. Burdick Steven M. Burdick Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ttek-ex321q42024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Tetra Tech, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Dan L. Batrack, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date November 19, 2024 s DAN L. BATRACK Dan L. Batrack Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Tetra Tech, Inc. and will be retained by Tetra Tech, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Form 10-K and shall not be considered filed as part of the Form 10-K. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ttek-ex322q42024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Tetra Tech, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Steven M. Burdick, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date November 19, 2024 s STEVEN M. BURDICK Steven M. Burdick Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Tetra Tech, Inc. and will be retained by Tetra Tech, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Form 10-K and shall not be considered filed as part of the Form 10-K. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95>
 11
 ttek-ex95q42024.htm
 EX-95

Document 
 Exhibit 95 

 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 The following table shows, for each project performed at U.S. mines that is subject to the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 MSHA ), the information required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K. Section references are to sections of MSHA. 
 12 Month Period Ending September 29, 2024 Tetra Tech, Inc. Alleged violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a mine safety or health hazard (#) 
 0 Section 104(b) orders (#) 
 0 Section 104(d) citations and orders (#) 
 0 Section 110(b)(2) violations (#) 
 0 Section 107(a) orders (#) 
 0 Proposed assessments under MSHA ) whole dollars 
 147.00 Mining-related fatalities (#) 
 0 Section 104(e) notice 
 0 Notice of the potential for a pattern of violations under Section 104(e) 0 Legal actions before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission FMSHRC initiated (#) 
 0 Legal actions before the FMSHRC resolved 
 0 Legal actions pending before the FMSHRC, end of period 
 - Contests of citations and orders reference in Subpart B of 29 CFR Part 2700 
 0 Contests of proposed penalties referenced in Subpart C of 29 CFR Part 2700 (#) 0 Complaints for compensation referenced in Subpart D of 29 CFR Part 2700 (#) 
 0 Complaints of discharge, discrimination or interference reference in Subpart E of 29 CFR Part 2700 (#) 
 0 Applications for temporary relief referenced in Subpart F of 29 CFR Part 2700 (#) 
 0 Appeals of judges decisions or orders reference in Subpart H of 29 CFR Part 2700 (#) 
 0 Total pending legal actions (#) 
 0 

</EX-95>

<EX-97.1>
 12
 ttekex971q42024.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 

Tetra Tech, Inc. 
 Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy 
 1. Introduction 
 The Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of Tetra Tech, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to adopt this Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy (this Policy providing for the Company s recoupment of Recoverable Incentive Compensation that is received by Covered Officers of the Company under certain circumstances. Certain capitalized terms used in this Policy have the meanings given to such terms in Section 3 below. 
 This Policy is designed to comply with, and shall be interpreted to be consistent with, Section 10D of the Exchange Act, Rule 10D-1 promulgated thereunder Rule 10D-1 and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5608 (the Listing Standards ). 
 2. Effective Date 
 This Policy shall apply to all Incentive Compensation that is received by a Covered Officer on or after October 2, 2023 (the Effective Date ). Incentive Compensation is deemed received in the Company s fiscal period in which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of such Incentive Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 
 3. Definitions 
 Accounting Restatement means an accounting restatement that the Company is required to prepare due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 
 Accounting Restatement Date means the earlier to occur of (a) the date that the Board, a committee of the Board authorized to take such action, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, or (b) the date that a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement. 
 Administrator means the Compensation Committee or, in the absence of such committee, the Board. 
 Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Covered Officer means each current and former Executive Officer. 
 Exchange means the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Executive Officer means the Company s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the controller), any vice-president of the Company in charge of a principal business unit, division, or function (such as sales, administration, or finance), any other officer who performs a policy-making function, or any other person who performs similar policy-making functions for the Company. Executive officers of the Company s parent(s) or subsidiaries are deemed executive officers of the Company if they perform such policy-making functions for the Company. Policy-making function is not intended to include policy-making functions that are not significant. Identification of an executive officer for purposes of this Policy would include at a minimum executive officers identified pursuant to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 Financial Reporting Measures means measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measures derived wholly or in part from such measures, including Company stock price and total stockholder return TSR ). A measure need not be presented in the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the SEC in order to be a Financial Reporting Measure. 
 Incentive Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. 
 Lookback Period means the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the Accounting Restatement Date, as well as any transition period (resulting from a change in the Company s fiscal year) within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years (except that a transition period of at least nine months shall count as a completed fiscal year). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Lookback Period shall not include fiscal years completed prior to the Effective Date. 
 Recoverable Incentive Compensation means Incentive Compensation received by a Covered Officer during the Lookback Period that exceeds the amount of Incentive Compensation that would have been received had such amount been determined based on the Accounting Restatement, computed without regard to any taxes paid i.e. , on a gross basis without regard to tax withholdings and other deductions). For any compensation plans or programs that take into account Incentive Compensation, the amount of Recoverable Incentive Compensation for purposes of this Policy shall include, without limitation, the amount contributed to any notional account based on Recoverable Incentive Compensation and any earnings to date on that notional amount. For any Incentive Compensation that is based on stock price or TSR, where the Recoverable Incentive Compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in an Accounting Restatement, the Administrator will determine the amount of Recoverable Incentive Compensation based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or TSR upon which the Incentive Compensation was received. The Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the Exchange in accordance with the Listing Standards. 
 SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 4. Recoupment 
 (a) Applicability of Policy. This Policy applies to Incentive Compensation received by a Covered Officer (i) after beginning services as an Executive Officer, (ii) who served as an Executive Officer at any time during the performance period for such Incentive Compensation, (iii) while the 
 2 

Company had a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association, and (iv) during the Lookback Period. 
 (b) Recoupment Generally. Pursuant to the provisions of this Policy, if there is an Accounting Restatement, the Company must reasonably promptly recoup the full amount of the Recoverable Incentive Compensation, unless the conditions of one or more subsections of Section 4(c) of this Policy are met and the Compensation Committee, or, if such committee does not consist solely of independent directors, a majority of the independent directors serving on the Board, has made a determination that recoupment would be impracticable. Recoupment is required regardless of whether the Covered Officer engaged in any misconduct and regardless of fault, and the Company s obligation to recoup Recoverable Incentive Compensation is not dependent on whether or when any restated financial statements are filed. 
 (c) Impracticability of Recovery. Recoupment may be determined to be impracticable if, and only if 
 (i) the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount of the applicable Recoverable Incentive Compensation provided that, before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Recoverable Incentive Compensation based on expense of enforcement, the Company shall make a reasonable attempt to recover such Recoverable Incentive Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s) to recover, and provide that documentation to the Exchange in accordance with the Listing Standards 
 (ii) recoupment of the applicable Recoverable Incentive Compensation would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of Code Section 401(a)(13) or Code Section 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 
 (d) Sources of Recoupment. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Administrator shall, in its sole discretion, determine the timing and method for recouping Recoverable Incentive Compensation hereunder, provided that such recoupment is undertaken reasonably promptly. The Administrator may, in its discretion, seek recoupment from a Covered Officer from any of the following sources or a combination thereof, whether the applicable compensation was approved, awarded, granted, payable or paid to the Covered Officer prior to, on or after the Effective Date (i) direct repayment of Recoverable Incentive Compensation previously paid to the Covered Officer (ii) cancelling prior cash or equity-based awards (whether vested or unvested and whether paid or unpaid) (iii) cancelling or offsetting against any planned future cash or equity-based awards (iv) forfeiture of deferred compensation, subject to compliance with Code Section 409A and (v) any other method authorized by applicable law or contract. Subject to compliance with any applicable law, the Administrator may effectuate recoupment under this Policy from any amount otherwise payable to the Covered Officer, including amounts payable to such individual under any otherwise applicable Company plan or program, e.g. , base salary, bonuses or commissions and compensation previously deferred by the Covered Officer. The Administrator need not utilize the same method of recovery for all Covered Officers or with respect to all types of Recoverable Incentive Compensation. 
 (e) No Indemnification of Covered Officers. Notwithstanding any indemnification agreement, applicable insurance policy or any other agreement or provision of the Company s certificate of incorporation or bylaws to the contrary, no Covered Officer shall be entitled to indemnification or advancement of expenses in connection with any enforcement of this Policy by the Company, including 
 3 

paying or reimbursing such Covered Officer for insurance premiums to cover potential obligations to the Company under this Policy. 
 (f) Indemnification of Administrator. Any members of the Administrator, and any other members of the Board who assist in the administration of this Policy, shall not be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made with respect to this Policy and shall be indemnified by the Company to the fullest extent under applicable law and Company policy with respect to any such action, determination or interpretation. The foregoing sentence shall not limit any other rights to indemnification of the members of the Board under applicable law or Company policy. 
 (g) No Good Reason for Covered Officers. Any action by the Company to recoup or any recoupment of Recoverable Incentive Compensation under this Policy from a Covered Officer shall not be deemed (i) good reason for resignation or to serve as a basis for a claim of constructive termination under any benefits or compensation arrangement applicable to such Covered Officer, or (ii) to constitute a breach of a contract or other arrangement to which such Covered Officer is party. 
 5. Administration 
 Except as specifically set forth herein, this Policy shall be administered by the Administrator. The Administrator shall have full and final authority to make any and all determinations required under this Policy. Any determination by the Administrator with respect to this Policy shall be final, conclusive and binding on all interested parties and need not be uniform with respect to each individual covered by this Policy. In carrying out the administration of this Policy, the Administrator is authorized and directed to consult with the full Board or such other committees of the Board as may be necessary or appropriate as to matters within the scope of such other committee s responsibility and authority. Subject to applicable law, the Administrator may authorize and empower any officer or employee of the Company to take any and all actions that the Administrator, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or appropriate to carry out the purpose and intent of this Policy (other than with respect to any recovery under this Policy involving such officer or employee). 
 6. Severability 
 If any provision of this Policy or the application of any such provision to a Covered Officer shall be adjudicated to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of this Policy, and the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions shall be deemed amended to the minimum extent necessary to render any such provision or application enforceable. 
 7. No Impairment of Other Remedies 
 Nothing contained in this Policy, and no recoupment or recovery as contemplated herein, shall limit any claims, damages or other legal remedies the Company or any of its affiliates may have against a Covered Officer arising out of or resulting from any actions or omissions by the Covered Officer. This Policy does not preclude the Company from taking any other action to enforce a Covered Officer s obligations to the Company, including, without limitation, termination of employment and or institution of civil proceedings. This Policy is in addition to the requirements of Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX 304 that are applicable to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and to any other compensation recoupment policy and or similar provisions in any employment, equity plan, equity award, or other individual agreement, to which the Company is a party or which the Company has adopted or may adopt and maintain from time to time provided, however, that 
 4 

compensation recouped pursuant to this Policy shall not be duplicative of compensation recouped pursuant to SOX 304 or any such compensation recoupment policy and or similar provisions in any such employment, equity plan, equity award, or other individual agreement except as may be required by law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Policy expressly replaces and supersedes the recoupment provisions set forth in the Company s Executive Compensation Plan, 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, and 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, in each case as amended to date. 
 
 8. Amendment Termination 
 The Administrator may amend, terminate or replace this Policy or any portion of this Policy at any time and from time to time in its sole discretion. The Administrator shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to comply with applicable law or any Listing Standard. 
 9. Successors 
 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Officers and, to the extent required by Rule 10D-1 and or the applicable Listing Standards, their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 
 10. Required Filings 
 The Company shall make any disclosures and filings with respect to this Policy that are required by law, including as required by the SEC. 

5 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 ttek-20240929.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 ttek-20240929_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 ttek-20240929_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 ttek-20240929_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 ttek-20240929_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

