<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241028_10-K_edgar_data_898293_0001628280-24-043960.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17440598</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>340890</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3398047</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6758643</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3550288</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3000447</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-043960.hdr.sgml : 20241028
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241028170324
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-043960
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		149
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241028
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JABIL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000898293
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PRINTED CIRCUIT BOARDS [3672]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				381886260
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14063
		FILM NUMBER:		241401671

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10800 ROOSEVELT BOULEVARD NORTH
		CITY:			ST PETERSBURG
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33716
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7275779749

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10800 ROOSEVELT BOULEVARD NORTH
		CITY:			ST PETERSBURG
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33716

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JABIL CIRCUIT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930305

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-043960.txt : 20241028

10-K
 1
 jbl-20240831.htm
 10-K

jbl-20240831 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2024 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the closing sale price of the Common Stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on February 29, 2024, was approximately billion. For purposes of this determination, shares of Common Stock held by each officer and director and by each person who owns 10 or more of the outstanding Common Stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. The number of outstanding shares of the registrant s Common Stock as of the close of business on October 21, 2024, was . The registrant does not have any non-voting stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 JABIL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 2024 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Part I. Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 26 
 Item 2. Properties 
 28 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 30 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 46 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 47 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 47 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 48 
 Part III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 49 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 49 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 49 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 49 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 49 
 Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 50 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 94 
 Signatures 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties. Many of the forward-looking statements are located in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by words such as future, anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, intends, plans, predicts, will, would, should, could, can, may, and similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the Company s actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Achievement of anticipated results is subject to substantial risks, uncertainties and inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements, and you are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law or by the rules and regulations of the SEC. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading Risk Factors, which are incorporated herein by reference. References in this report to the Company, Jabil, we, our, or us mean Jabil Inc. together with its consolidated subsidiaries, except where the context otherwise requires. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 The Company 
 We are one of the leading providers of manufacturing services and solutions worldwide. We provide comprehensive electronics design, production, and product management services to companies in various industries and end markets. Our manufacturing and supply chain management services and solutions include innovation, design, planning, fabrication and assembly, delivery and managing the flow of resources and products. Our services enable our customers to reduce manufacturing costs, improve supply chain management, reduce inventory obsolescence, lower transportation costs, and reduce product fulfillment times. 
 
 We serve our customers primarily through dedicated business units that combine highly automated, continuous flow manufacturing with advanced electronic design and design for manufacturability. Each business unit team serves as a single point of contact between a customer and Jabil. Business unit teams are supported by cross-functional teams, which leverage the power of our global expertise and capabilities to carry out work at the site level. 
 We conduct our operations in facilities that are located worldwide, including but not limited to China, Mexico, Singapore, and the United States. Our global manufacturing production sites allow customers to manufacture products simultaneously in the optimal locations for their products. Our global presence is key to assessing and executing on our business opportunities. For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, we had net revenues of 28.9 billion and net income attributable to Jabil Inc. of 1.4 billion. 
 On December 29, 2023 the Closing Date ), we completed the sale of our product manufacturing business in Chengdu, including its supporting component manufacturing in Wuxi (the Mobility Business to an affiliate of BYD Electronic (International) Co. Ltd. BYDE for pre-tax cash proceeds of approximately 2.2 billion, subject to certain post-closing adjustments. See Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 At August 31, 2024, we had two reporting segments: Electronics Manufacturing Services EMS and Diversified Manufacturing Services DMS ), which are organized based on the economic profiles of the services performed, including manufacturing capabilities, market strategy, margins, return on capital, and risk profiles. Our EMS segment is focused on leveraging IT, supply chain design and engineering, technologies largely centered on core electronics, utilizing our large scale manufacturing infrastructure and our ability to serve a broad range of end markets. Our EMS segment is a high volume business that produces product at a quicker rate (i.e. cycle time) and in larger quantities and includes customers primarily in the 5G, wireless and cloud, digital print and retail, industrial and semi-capital equipment, and networking and storage industries. Our DMS segment is focused on providing engineering solutions, with an emphasis on material sciences, machining, tooling, and molding of highly engineered plastic and metal parts. Our DMS segment includes customers primarily in the automotive and transportation, connected devices, and healthcare and packaging industries. The DMS segment included the results of the Mobility Business prior to the Closing Date. 
 Beginning September 1, 2024, we reorganized our internal structure to focus on speed, precision, and solutions and as a result of our organizational realignment, we will report our business in the following three segments: Regulated Industries, Intelligent Infrastructure, and Connected Living and Digital Commerce. Our Regulated Industries segment is focused on regulated markets and includes revenues from customers primarily in the automotive and transportation, healthcare and packaging, and renewable energy infrastructure industries. Our Intelligent Infrastructure segment is focused on the modern digital ecosystem including artificial intelligence AI infrastructure and includes revenues from customers primarily in the capital equipment, cloud and data center infrastructure, and networking and communications industries. Our Connected Living and Digital Commerce segment is focused on digitalization and automation, including warehouse automation and robotics, and includes revenues from customers primarily in the connected living and digital commerce industries. 
 Additional financial information regarding our reportable operating segments is included in Item 7 of this report and Note 14 Concentration of Risk and Segment Data to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Industry Background 
 Our industry was historically composed of companies that provide a range of design and manufacturing services to companies that utilize electronics components in their products. The industry subsequently expanded to include customers that require products and services beyond electronic components, including plastics and metal components, packaging, and injection molding. 
 We monitor the current economic environment and its potential impact on both the customers we serve as well as our end markets; we closely manage our costs and capital resources so that we can respond appropriately as circumstances change. Over the long term we believe the factors driving our customers and potential customers to use our industry s services include: 
 Efficient Manufacturing. Manufacturing solutions providers are often able to manufacture products at a reduced total cost to companies. These cost advantages result from higher utilization of capacity and efficiencies of scale because of diversified product demand and, generally, a greater focus on the components of manufacturing cost. Companies are increasingly seeking to reduce their investment in inventory, facilities, and equipment used in manufacturing and prioritizing capital investments in other activities, such as sales and marketing and research and development R D ). This strategic shift in capital deployment has contributed to increased demand for and interest in outsourcing to external manufacturing service providers. 
 Accelerated Product Time-to-Market and Time-to-Volume. Manufacturing solutions providers are often able to deliver accelerated production start-ups and achieve high efficiencies in bringing new products to production. Providers are also able to more rapidly scale production for changing markets and to position themselves in global locations that serve the leading world markets. With increasingly shorter product life cycles, these key services allow new products to be sold in the marketplace in an accelerated time frame. 
 Access to Advanced Design and Manufacturing Technologies. By utilizing manufacturing solutions providers, customers gain access to additional advanced technologies in manufacturing processes, as well as to product and production design, which can offer customers significant improvements in the performance, quality, cost, time-to-market and manufacturability of their products. 
 Improved Inventory Management and Purchasing Power. Manufacturing solutions providers are often able to more efficiently manage both procurement and inventory. Providers have demonstrated proficiency in purchasing components at improved pricing due to the scale of their operations and continuous interaction with the materials marketplace. 
 Global Reach and Regional Manufacturing. Manufacturing solutions providers operate globally and are often able to more efficiently transition the location of manufacturing processes for products in response to changing macroeconomic and geopolitical environments relying on installed footprints, local teams, and consistent processes. 
 Our Strategy 
 Our vision for the future is to become the world s most technologically advanced and trusted manufacturing solutions provider. As we work to achieve our vision, we continue to pursue the following strategies: 
 Establish and Maintain Long-Term Customer Relationships. An important element of our strategy is to establish and maintain long-term relationships with leading companies in expanding industries with size and growth characteristics that can benefit from highly automated, continuous flow manufacturing on a global scale. We focus on maintaining long-term relationships with our customers and seek to expand these relationships to include additional product lines and services. In addition, we focus on identifying and developing relationships with new customers that meet our targeted profile, which includes financial stability, the need for technology-driven turnkey manufacturing, anticipated unit volume, and long-term relationship stability. 
 Product Diversification. We focus on balancing our portfolio of products and product families to those that align with higher return areas of our business. This includes manufacturing, supply chain management services, comprehensive electronics design, production, and product management services for markets such as cloud and data infrastructure, healthcare, packaging, automotive and transportation, warehouse automation, networking and communications, and semi-capital equipment. We have made concentrated efforts to diversify our industry sectors and customer base. Because of these efforts, we have experienced business growth from both existing and new customers as well as from acquisitions. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Utilize Customer-Centric Business Units. Most of our business units are dedicated to serve one customer each and operate by primarily utilizing dedicated production equipment, production workers, supervisors, buyers, planners, and engineers to provide comprehensive manufacturing solutions that are customized to each customer s needs. We believe our customer-centric business units promote increased responsiveness to our customers needs, particularly for customer relationships that extend across multiple production locations. 
 Leverage Global Production. We believe that global production is a key strategy to reduce obsolescence risk and secure the lowest possible landed costs while simultaneously supplying products of equivalent or comparable quality throughout the world. Consistent with this strategy, we have established or acquired operations in the Americas, Europe and Asia. Our extensive global footprint positions us well to implement safe and practical solutions in order to select production locations which best serve the needs of our customers. We believe that our global footprint is strengthened by our centralized procurement process, which, when coupled with our single Enterprise Resource Planning system, affords our customers with end-to-end supply chain visibility. 
 Offer Systems Assembly, Direct-Order Fulfillment, and Configure-to-Order Services. Our systems assembly, direct-order fulfillment and configure-to-order services allow our customers to reduce product cost and risk of product obsolescence by reducing total work-in-process and finished goods inventory. These services are available at all of our manufacturing locations. 
 Offer Design Services. We offer a wide spectrum of value-add design services to achieve improvements in performance, cost, time-to-market, and manufacturability. 
 Pursue Acquisition Opportunities Selectively. The primary goals of our acquisition strategy are to complement our current capabilities, diversify our business into new industry sectors and with new customers, and expand the scope of the services we can offer to our customers. 
 Our Approach to Manufacturing 
 To achieve high levels of manufacturing performance, we have adopted the following approaches: 
 Decentralized Business Unit Model. Most of our business units are dedicated to serve one customer each and are empowered to formulate strategies tailored to an individual customer s needs. Our business units generally have dedicated production lines consisting of equipment, production workers, supervisors, buyers, planners, and engineers. Under certain circumstances, a production line may serve more than one business unit to maximize resource utilization. Business units have direct responsibility for manufacturing results and time-to-volume production, thereby promoting a sense of individual commitment and ownership. The business unit approach is modular and enables us to grow incrementally without disrupting the operations of other business units. Business unit management reviews the customer financial information to assess whether the business units are meeting their designated responsibilities and to ensure that the daily execution of manufacturing activities is being effectively managed. The business units aggregate into operating segments based on the end markets they serve. 
 Automated Continuous Flow. We use a highly automated, continuous flow approach to manufacturing, whereby different pieces of equipment are joined directly or by conveyor to create an in-line assembly process. This process contrasts with a batch approach, whereby individual pieces of assembly equipment are operated as freestanding work-centers. The elimination of waiting time prior to sequential operations results in faster manufacturing, which improves production efficiencies and quality control and reduces inventory work-in-process. We believe continuous flow manufacturing provides cost reductions and quality improvement when applied to high volumes of product. 
 Computerized Control and Monitoring. We support all aspects of our manufacturing activities with advanced computerized control and monitoring systems. Component inspection and vendor quality are monitored electronically in real-time. Materials planning, purchasing, stockroom, and shop floor control systems are supported through a computerized manufacturing resource planning system. 
 Electronic Supply Chain Management. We make available to our customers and suppliers an electronic commerce system/electronic data interchange and cloud-based tools to implement a variety of supply chain management programs. Our customers use these tools to share demand and product forecasts and deliver purchase orders, and we use these tools with our suppliers for just-in-time delivery, supplier-managed inventory, and consigned supplier-managed inventory. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Our Design Services 
 We offer a wide spectrum of value-add design services to enhance our relationships with current customers and to help develop relationships with our new customers. Our teams are strategically staffed to support Jabil customers for all development projects, from turnkey system design and joint development to industrialization and product optimization activities. Our design services support products across all markets we serve and include products such as cloud data center server platforms; medical and consumer health devices; automotive assemblies for software defined vehicles, advanced driver assistance systems, autonomous systems, and electrification; connected consumer products and appliances; digital commerce ecosystem products for retail environments; power and storage products to support the energy infrastructure; and smart controls and security for digital building and utilities. These design services include: 
 Electronic Design. Our Electronic Design team provides electronic hardware and embedded software design services for analog, digital, radio frequency, power, sensor, and optical component applications. This ranges from initial concept and system architecture through design implementation and new product introduction to mass production. 
 Experience Design. Our Experience Design team works with product design teams to create product experiences that resonate with consumers through user research, industrial design, user interface design, and human factors. These capabilities are used to create, develop, and connect concepts and specifications that optimize the function, value, and appearance of products to satisfy the needs of consumers and manufacturing partners. 
 Mechanical Design. Our Mechanical Design team specializes in mechanical design of plastic and metal components, enclosures, sub-assemblies, assemblies, and systems to meet product requirements with the analysis of electronic, electro-mechanical and optical assemblies using state of the art modeling and analytical tools. This includes all aspects of product concept, detail design, wide-ranging environmental applications, thermal management, and tooling management. 
 Optical Design. Our Optical Design team focuses on applying our knowledge in advanced optics to provide optical product solutions for virtual and/or augmented reality, Light Detection and Ranging LiDAR ), 3D sensing, projection, and imaging. Throughout the design process, we develop the required processes, equipment, and testing specific to optics in order to take the customer from design to precision mass production. 
 Industrialization Engineering Services. Our engineering services combine multiple functions to work with design teams to optimize products for maximum performance, highest quality, and time to market while balancing cost and manufacturability. These functions include our computer-assisted design CAD team, to provide PCBA design services using advanced CAD engineering tools, our Value Analysis and Value Engineering VAVE team, to increase value and decrease cost of both electrical and mechanical assemblies, and our Engineering Prototyping teams for all development stages. 
 Product Verification. Our Product Verification team provides complete product verification throughout the full design cycle and executes specific test services. This includes product verification, failure analysis, regulatory, compliance and safety, packaging, simulation, and data analysis. 
 Manufacturing Test Solution Development. Our Manufacturing Test Solution Development team provides integral support to the design teams to embed design with testability and to promote efficient capital and resource investment in the manufacturing process. The use of software driven instrumentation and test process design and management reduces human dependent test processes and allows customer product test traceability and visibility throughout the manufacturing test process. 
 Fabrication and Assembly 
 We offer systems assembly, test, direct-order fulfillment, and configure-to-order services to our customers. Our systems assembly services extend our range of assembly activities to include assembly of higher-level sub-systems and systems incorporating multiple PCBAs. In addition, based on quality assurance programs developed with our customers, we provide testing services for our PCBAs, sub-systems, and systems products. Our quality assurance programs include product testing under various environmental conditions to help ensure that our products meet or exceed required customer specifications. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Technology and Research and Development 
 We believe that our manufacturing and testing technologies are among the most advanced in our industry. To meet our customers increasingly sophisticated needs, we continuously engage in R D activities designed to create new and improved products and manufacturing solutions for our customers. Through our R D efforts, we intend to continue offering our customers efficient manufacturing processes with high quality and differentiating product solutions using the latest technologies. These technologies and R D activities include: 
 Automation, including automated tooling 
 Electronic interconnection 
 Advanced polymer and metal material science 
 Single/multi-shot injection molding, stamping, and in-mold labeling 
 Multi-axis computer numerical control 
 Vacuum metallization 
 Physical vapor deposition 
 Digital printing 
 Anodization 
 Thermal-plastic composite formation 
 Plastic with embedded electronics 
 Metal and plastic covers with insert-molded or dies-casting features for assembly 
 Display cover with integrated touch sensor 
 Material processing research (including plastics, metal, glass, and ceramic) 
 Additive manufacturing 
 Outsourced semiconductor assembly and test OSAT capabilities 
 Advanced electric assembly processes 
 Co-packaged optics 
 Liquid cooling 
 Silicon photonics 
 Sustainable materials and design 
 Artificial intelligence and machine learning 
 
 Our R D efforts span the markets we serve to provide our customers leading edge technologies and solutions. 
 Customers and Marketing 
 A key tenet of our strategy is to establish and maintain long-term relationships with leading companies in expanding industries with the size and growth characteristics that can benefit from highly automated, continuous flow manufacturing on a global scale. A small number of customers and significant industry sectors have historically comprised a major portion of our net revenue. We also market our services and solutions through our website and social media platforms. 
 In fiscal year 2024, our five largest customers accounted for approximately 36 of our net revenue and 88 customers accounted for approximately 90 of our net revenue. The table below sets forth the respective portion of net revenue attributable to the customer that accounted for a significant concentration of our net revenue during the periods indicated: 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Apple, Inc. 
 11 17 19 
 Competition 
 Our business is highly competitive. We compete against numerous domestic and foreign electronic manufacturing solutions providers, diversified manufacturing service providers, and design providers. We also face competition from the manufacturing operations of our current and potential customers, who are continually evaluating the merits of manufacturing products internally against the advantages of outsourcing. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 We compete with different companies depending on the type of service we are providing or the geographic area in which an activity takes place. We believe that the principal competitive factors in the manufacturing services market are: cost; accelerated production time-to-market; higher efficiencies; global locations; rapid scaling of production; advanced technologies; quality; and improved pricing of components. We believe we are extremely competitive with regard to all of these factors. 
 Components Procurement 
 We procure components from a broad group of suppliers, determined on an assembly-by-assembly basis. Our global sourcing and purchasing locations are strategically placed in various countries throughout the world along with our global commodity management and supplier relationship teams. These locations manage our end-to-end procurement lifecycle. This regionalized expertise along with our supplier relationships provide efficient procurement operations. 
 Some of the products we manufacture contain one or more components that are only available from a single source. Some of these components are allocated from time to time in response to supply shortages. In some cases, supply shortages will substantially curtail production of all assemblies using a particular component. 
 Proprietary Rights 
 We regard certain aspects of our technology, design, production and product management, supply chain, and other services as proprietary intellectual property. We rely largely upon a combination of intellectual property laws, non-disclosure agreements with our customers, employees, and suppliers and our internal security systems, policies, and procedures. We currently have a relatively modest number of patents for various innovations. We believe that our intellectual property portfolio will continue to evolve as we expand our business activities. Other factors significant to our proprietary rights include the knowledge and experience of our management and workforce and our ability to develop, enhance, and market our technology and services. 
 We license some technology and intellectual property rights from third parties. Generally, the license agreements that govern such third-party technology and intellectual property rights grant us the right to use the subject technology anywhere in the world and terminate upon a material breach by us. 
 Human Capital Management 
 As of August 31, 2024, our workforce includes diverse, talented, and dedicated employees across approximately 100 locations in more than 30 countries who differentiate us from our competitors. To maintain our edge, we continually invest in our employees, so that they can take care of our customers, shareholders and communities. Following is a summary of employees by region (in thousands): 
 Region Number of Employees Asia (1) 
 75 Americas 48 Europe 15 Total (2) 
 138 
 (1) Decrease from prior period is driven by the divestiture of the Mobility Business during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024. See Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 (2) Total headcount includes permanent, temporary and contingent workers. 
 None of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union. In certain international locations, our employees are represented by labor unions and by works councils. We promote positive employee relations globally and have not experienced a significant work stoppage or strike. 
 Safety 
 Safety First. Always. is a fundamental value that is ingrained in our culture. We are committed to safety standards in all of our facilities, so that our employees are protected and can return home safely after each work shift. We have implemented a continuous improvement-based Health and Safety Management System, including annual training assessments coupled with engaged leaders and employees who prioritize safety. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Human Rights 
 We believe that respect for fundamental human rights as an essential element of responsible corporate citizenship. We are a founding member of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA), which is one of the world s largest industry coalitions for corporate social responsibility in global supply chains. The RBA sets (1) standards regarding excessive working hours and unfair wages, (2) controls to prohibit child labor and human trafficking, and (3) avenues for employees to raise and address workplace health and safety concerns. We have aligned our work programs, processes, and procedures to the RBA Code of Conduct to help support safe working conditions, treat employees with respect and dignity, and environmentally responsible manufacturing process and practices. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 Our diverse workforce provides us with the innovation and creativity that have allowed us to continue our success. Respect is the foundation of our culture, and we want all our employees to feel valued and psychologically and physically safe. Welcoming a spectrum of backgrounds, experiences, viewpoints, and abilities, we collaborate to create a culture of belonging where everyone can be their authentic selves and contribute to Jabil s success. 
 In alignment with our Code of Conduct, we are dedicated to establishing a discrimination-free and harassment-free environment globally. Guided by our enterprise-wide priorities of mitigating biases, cultivating inclusive leadership, and developing diverse talent, we are proud to foster a culture of belonging. 
 In fiscal year 2024, we further advanced diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) by expanding our DEI programming to include the formation of Regional DEI Committees. The role of the DEI Committees is to drive engagement, identify regional needs, and share feedback and best practices globally. They are comprised of cross-functional employees with a passion for contributing to Jabil s commitment to inclusion, and are located in the Americas, Europe, and Asia. 
 During fiscal year 2024, numerous initiatives were launched in alignment with Jabil s external goals to increase the representation of women in leadership and programming around disability inclusion. We hosted a women-focused event series, creating the opportunity for women leaders across our functional teams, to share their experiences and advice. While geared toward women, all employees at all levels at Jabil were welcome to participate in these six engaging sessions focused on both professional and personal development. We also launched our second cohort of the Women in Leadership Sponsorship program, a nomination-based program that combines executive-level sponsorship with individual and group coaching for women at the director level. 
 We are proud to have received a top score on the 2024 Disability Equality Index by Disability:IN for the fourth consecutive year. Our global sites developed and implemented programs focused on employment and retention of employees with disabilities, physical and digital infrastructure, and training programs to foster an inclusive environment for all. In collaboration with our Operations team and utilizing best practices from Disability:IN, we have also established a baseline for site accessibility. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Jabil s compensation programs are designed to align the compensation of our employees with Jabil s performance and to provide the proper incentives to attract, retain, and motivate employees to achieve superior results. Specifically: 
 We provide employee pay levels that are competitive and consistent with employee positions, skill levels, experience, knowledge, and geographic location. 
 Salary increases and incentive compensation are based on merit and performance. 
 All full-time U.S. employees are eligible for health insurance, paid and unpaid leaves, a retirement plan, and life and disability/accident coverage. Benefits outside the U.S. are provided based upon country-specific practices and are intended to support the health and wellbeing of our employees and their families. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Supporting the mental health and emotional wellbeing of our employees and their families is a high priority at Jabil, and we have implemented several programs and benefits over the past several years to help de-stigmatize mental health issues and assist employees in finding and leveraging appropriate resources. These include a global employee assistance program (EAP), on-site behavioral health resources in some locations, and education for our leaders on ways to recognize and respond to signs of mental health and substance abuse issues. By focusing on training our leaders in mental health awareness, we believe we are creating the right environment for mental health issues to be recognized and addressed. Additionally, our Health and Wellbeing programs help to strengthen mental health resilience. 
 The majority of our employees around the world are eligible to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, allowing them to become owners of Jabil stock at a discount. 
 Career Growth and Development 
 At Jabil, we have historically invested in the professional and personal growth and development of our employees at all levels of the organization. Our learning solutions empower employees to enhance their knowledge and skills, enabling them to work more effectively, develop stronger capabilities, and guide their teams to success and further reinforce the organization s vision. Jabil offers learning programs and offerings for all level of employees (hourly, professional, management). In fiscal year 2024, there were more than 21,000 internal promotions at various levels in Jabil, a testament to our ability to grow and develop our own talent. 
 As part of our talent strategy, we have introduced the LinkedIn Learning platform to enhance employees' access to the tools, resources, and support needed to take charge of their career development. We made this significant investment by providing free access to LinkedIn Learning for over 30,000 employees worldwide, including all professional, management, and executive leaders. Employees are encouraged to utilize LinkedIn Learning for both leadership and technical development, reinforcing our commitment to continuous learning and growth. 
 Employee Engagement 
 In May 2024, we conducted our global Your Voice Matters Pulse Survey to measure the impact of action plans developed from the 2023 global survey. A third party was used to administer the survey. Action plans resulting from the 2023 global survey have been modified accordingly and further action plans have been developed and are being executed at all sites to promote continued excellence in employee engagement at Jabil. 
 Cultural Initiatives 
 Our commitment to our employees safety and wellbeing goes beyond physical health to include social, emotional, and mental health. At Jabil, we provide our full-time employees two days of paid time off for health and wellbeing and one day for community service. From January to August 2024, approximately 79,000 employees have utilized their wellness days, and approximately 19,000 employees have completed a paid day of community service. 
 To support our commitment to serve our communities where we live and operate, in 2023, Jabil employees completed over 1 million volunteer hours, reaching that milestone for the second consecutive year. From January to August 2024, Jabil employees spent approximately 330,000 service hours in the areas of education, empowerment, and the environment. We believe that while our efforts are locally driven, the impact is global. 
 Jabil hosted four Global Volunteer Days, large-scale volunteer events designed to create shared experiences across the organization around a particular cause. The four Global Volunteer Days held in 2024 were International Women s Day, Earth Day, World Environment Day, and World Food Day. 
 Jabil hosted its annual Deliver Best Practices Global Finals in October 2023, with 31 employees and teams competing, representing 19 global locations from nine different countries. This continuous improvement program, which started in 2009, embodies the best of Jabil s culture while focusing on our key business drivers (People, Process, Social Environmental, and Technology Innovation). 
 As a core part of Jabil s culture, recognition plays an important role in appreciating others for going above and beyond their normal job duties and doing what s right for our customers, people, and communities. Jabil acknowledges these well-deserved efforts through our Respect, Recognize. Reward. program, which recognized 1,528 people from 142 sites and 25 countries in fiscal year 2024. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Environmental 
 We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local, and foreign environmental, health and safety, product stewardship, and producer responsibility laws and regulations, including those relating to the use, storage, discharge, and disposal of hazardous chemicals used during our manufacturing process; those governing worker health and safety; those requiring design changes, supply chain investigation, or conformity assessments; or those relating to the recycling or reuse of products we manufacture. 
 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 Executive officers are appointed by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board. There are no family relationships among our executive officers and directors. There are no arrangements or understandings between any of our executive officers and any other persons pursuant to which any of such executive officers were selected. Below is a list of our executive officers: 
 Adam E. Berry (age 47) was named Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Communications in June 2024. He previously served as Vice President, Investor Relations from September 2018. Mr. Berry held other roles of increasing responsibility since joining Jabil in 2010 as Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Berry holds a bachelor s in Communications from Boston College and an MBA from Georgia Institute of Technology. 
 Steven D. Borges (age 56) was named Executive Vice President, Global Business Units in May 2024. He previously served as Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer, Diversified Manufacturing Services from June 2022; Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer, Regulated Industries, from September 2020, with additional responsibility for additive Manufacturing; and as Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer, Healthcare from September 2016 through August 2020. Mr. Borges joined Jabil in 1993. He holds a bachelor s in Business Administration and Management from Fitchburg State University. 
 Matthew Crowley (age 49) was named Executive Vice President, Global Business Units in May 2024. He most recently served as Senior Vice President, Global Business Units from May 2022, and from March 2019 until April 2022, as Vice President, Global Business Units, and from February 2018 to February 2019 as Senior Director, Cloud. Before joining Jabil in 2018, Mr. Crowley held positions with Dell and Amazon Web Services. 
 Michael Dastoor (age 59) was named Chief Executive Officer in May 2024. Over his 24-year tenure at Jabil, he has held multiple leadership roles across Jabil s global markets, including serving as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer from April 2018. Mr. Dastoor previously served as Senior Vice President, Controller from July 2010. Mr. Dastoor joined Jabil in 2000. He holds a degree in Finance and Accounting from the University of Bombay and is a Chartered Accountant from the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. 
 Gregory B. Hebard (age 55) was named Chief Financial Officer in May 2024. He most recently served as Senior Vice President, Treasurer since 2021. Since joining Jabil in 2009, Mr. Hebard has held roles of increasing responsibility in finance, including Senior Vice President, CFO Green Point from 2017 to 2021 and Vice President, Financial Planning Analysis from 2013 to 2017. He holds a master s in Business from DePaul University and a bachelor s in Finance from the University of Iowa. 
 Frederic E. McCoy (age 56) was named Executive Vice President, Operations in May 2024. He most recently served as Executive Vice President, Global Business Units since August 2023; Executive Vice President Chief Executive Officer, Electronics Manufacturing Services, from December 2021 and Senior Vice President, Global Business Units from October 2017. Mr. McCoy joined Jabil in 2001. He holds a master s in International Affairs and Economics from the School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) at Johns Hopkins University and a bachelor s in Foreign Service from Georgetown University. 
 Francis Frank G. McKay (age 54) was named Senior Vice President, Chief Procurement Officer, in January 2019. Prior to his current role, he served as Vice President, Procurement Purchasing Services from October 2014 and held a variety of management positions in Europe, Asia and the US since joining Jabil in 1997. Mr. McKay holds a bachelor s from University of Strathclyde. 
 Kristine Melachrino (age 46) was named Senior Vice President, General Counsel, in October 2022. She joined Jabil in 2007 holding various roles in the legal department supporting the functional and business teams globally. Prior to this role, Ms. Melachrino served as Vice President, Senior Deputy General Counsel for the global Commercial legal team, advising on 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 complex legal and regulatory matters to facilitate business growth; and Assistant Corporate Secretary. She holds a Juris Doctor from Stetson University College of Law, and an MBA from Stetson University. 
 Mark T. Mondello (age 60) was named Chairman of Jabil s Board of Directors effective November 2021 and has been a member of the Board since March 2013. Mr. Mondello served as our Chief Executive Officer until May 2023. Mr. Mondello has retained various executive responsibilities. Mr. Mondello joined Jabil in 1992. He holds a bachelor s in Mechanical Engineering from the University of South Florida. 
 Andrew D. Priestley (age 53) was named Executive Vice President, Global Business Units in May 2024. He most recently served as Senior Vice President, Global Business Units April 2014. Since joining Jabil in 1996, he has held positions of increasing responsibility across the Company, including as Vice President, Global Business Units since 2012. Mr. Priestley holds an honour s in Engineering with Management from the Edinburgh Napier University. 
 Gary K. Schick (age 54) was named Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in October 2023. He most recently served as Vice President, HR Operations from October 2022. Mr. Schick has held several other positions of increasing responsibility in human resources since joining Jabil in August 2018 as a Senior Director, Human Resources. Mr. Schick holds a bachelor s in Economics from Northwestern University and a Juris Doctor from the University of Pittsburgh School of Law. 
 May Y. Yap (age 54) was named Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer in September 2020. She joined Jabil in 2014 as Vice President and CIO of Jabil Green Point. Ms. Yap holds an MBA and a master s in Computer Science from University of Hull and a doctorate in business administration and management from New York University. 
 Additional Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 10800 Roosevelt Boulevard North, St. Petersburg, Florida 33716, and our telephone number is (727) 577-9749. We were incorporated in Delaware in 1992. Our website is located at http://www.jabil.com. Through a link on the Investors section of our website, we make available our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The Investors section of our website contains a significant amount of information about our Company, including a Sustainability Report, financial and other information for investors. The information that we post on the Investors section of our website could be deemed to be material information. We encourage investors, the media and others interested in Jabil to visit our website. Information on our website, however, is not a part of this report. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 Our ability to schedule production, manage capital expenditures, and maximize the efficiency of our manufacturing capacity is highly dependent on the actions of our customers, who generally do not commit to long-term production schedules and cancel orders, change production quantities, delay production, and/or change sourcing strategy. 
 Most of our customers do not commit to firm production schedules for more than one quarter. We make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, production schedules and locations, component procurement commitments, personnel needs, and other resource requirements, based on our estimate of customer requirements. Our inability to forecast the level of customer orders with certainty makes it difficult to schedule production and maximize utilization of our manufacturing capacity and supply chain capabilities. 
 Many factors outside of our control impact our customers and their ordering behavior, including recession in end markets, changing technology and industry standards, commercial acceptance for products and shifting market demand, product obsolescence, global pandemics, and loss of business. Customers have canceled their orders, changed production quantities or designs, delayed production, changed their sourcing strategy, and terminated their relationships with us. We cannot assure you that present or future customers will not terminate their service arrangements with us or significantly change, reduce, cancel, or delay the amount of services ordered. Such changes, delays, and cancellations have led to, and may lead in the future to, a decline in our production and our possession of excess or obsolete inventory that we may not be able to sell to customers or third parties. This has, and may again, result in write downs of inventories, reduction in the number of products that we sell, delays in payment for inventory that we purchased, and reductions in the use of our manufacturing facilities. As many of our costs and operating expenses are relatively fixed, a reduction in customer demand, particularly a reduction in demand for a product that represents a significant amount of revenue, can harm our gross profit margins and results of operations. In the past, we have also been required to increase staffing and other expenses in order to meet anticipated demand. On occasion, customers have required rapid increases in production for one or more of their products or requested that we relocate our manufacturing operations or transfer manufacturing from one facility to another, which stresses our resources and may reduce operating margins. 
 Our business at times experiences periods of rapid growth which can place considerable demands upon our management team and our operational, financial, and management information systems. Our ability to manage growth effectively requires us to continue to implement and improve these systems; avoid cost overruns; maintain customer, supplier, and other favorable business relationships during transition periods; efficiently and effectively dedicate resources to existing customers as well as new projects; acquire or construct additional facilities; occasionally transfer operations to different facilities; acquire equipment in anticipation of demand; procure materials and components; continue to develop the management skills of our managers and supervisors; adapt relatively quickly to new markets or technologies and continue to hire, train, motivate and manage our employees. Our failure to effectively manage growth, as well as our failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the actions we take to try to manage our growth, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 In addition, we sometimes experience difficulty forecasting the timing of our receipt of payment from customers. The necessary process to begin manufacturing can be lengthy. Because we make capital expenditures during this ramping-up process and do not receive payment until after we produce and ship the customer s products, any delays or unanticipated costs in the ramping-up process have, and may again have, a significant adverse effect on our cash flows and our results of operations. Servicing our largest customers may also require us to increase our capital expenditures. 
 Because we depend on a limited number of customers, a reduction in sales to any one of those customers has and could again cause a significant decline in our revenue. 
 We currently depend, and expect to continue to depend for the foreseeable future, upon a relatively small number of customers for a significant percentage of our net revenue and upon their continued existence, growth, viability, and financial stability. See Business The Company. In some instances, particular manufacturing services we provide for a customer represent a significant portion of the overall revenue we receive from that customer. As a result of this concentration, a reduction in business from one or more of our largest customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, if one or more of our significant customers were to become insolvent or otherwise become unable to pay us on a timely basis, or at all, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Efficient component and material purchasing is critical to our manufacturing processes and contractual arrangements. A shortage of components or an increase in price could interrupt our operations and reduce our profit, increase our inventory carrying costs, increase our risk of exposure to inventory obsolescence and cause us to purchase components of a lesser quality. 
 Strategic and efficient component and materials purchasing is an aspect of our strategy. Inflation rates have increased and may continue to rise. Our suppliers have raised their prices and may continue to raise prices. When prices rise, they impact our margins and results of operations if we are not able to pass the increases through to our customers or otherwise offset them. Most of our significant long-term customer contracts permit quarterly or other periodic prospective adjustments to pricing based on decreases and increases in component prices and other factors; however, we could bear the risk of component price increases that occur between any such re-pricings or, if such re-pricing is not permitted, during the balance of the term of the particular customer contract. There can be no assurance that we will continue to be able to purchase the components and materials needed to manufacture customer products at favorable prices. Accordingly, certain component price increases could adversely affect our gross profit margins and results of operations. 
 Some of the products we manufacture require one or more components that are only available from a single source. Some of these components are subject to supply shortages from time to time. In some cases, supply shortages will substantially curtail production of all assemblies using a particular component. A supply shortage can also increase our cost of goods sold if we have to pay higher prices for components in limited supply, or cause us to have to redesign or reconfigure products to accommodate a substitute component. In the past there have been industry wide conditions, pandemics, natural disasters and global events that have caused material and component shortages. In fiscal year 2023, our supply chain was impacted by component shortages, most notably in the semiconductor industry. Our production of a customer s product has and could again be negatively impacted by any quality, reliability or availability issues with any of our component suppliers. The financial condition of our suppliers could affect their ability to supply us with components and their ability to satisfy any warranty obligations they may have, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 If a component shortage is threatened or anticipated, we have and may in the future purchase such components early to avoid a delay or interruption in our operations. Purchasing components early has, and may again cause us to incur additional inventory carrying costs and experience inventory obsolescence, both of which may not be recoverable from our customers and could adversely affect our gross profit margins and results of operations. A component shortage will require us to look to second tier vendors or to procure components through brokers. Component availability may be impacted by a supplier s decision to change part design, performance specifications, manufacturing process, manufacturing locations, and/or use of subcontractors, or by both planned and unforeseen product discontinuation. 
 Although the impact of the Russia/Ukraine conflict on our supply chain has not been significant, some sub-tier suppliers providing raw materials such as palladium, neon gas, and high-grade aluminum are partially dependent on supply from the regions that may be impacted by the conflict. We will continue to closely monitor the supply availability and price fluctuations of these raw materials. In addition, we source some parts from certain suppliers located in Israel. Although the impact of the Russia/Ukraine conflict and conflicts in the Middle East on our supply chain has not been significant to date, we cannot assure you that this will continue to be the case. Price increases resulting from such shortages and/or other factors which we cannot recover from our customers may adversely impact our results of operations. 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business Components Procurement. 
 Customer relationships with emerging companies present more risks than with established companies. 
 Customer relationships with emerging companies present special risks because we do not have an extensive product or customer relationship history. There is less demonstration of market acceptance of their products, making it harder for us to anticipate requirements as compared to established customers. Our credit risk on these customers, especially in trade accounts receivable and inventories, and the risk that these customers will be unable to fulfill indemnification obligations to us, are potentially increased. We sometimes offer these customers extended payment terms, loans, and other support and financial accommodations which increases our financial exposure and has impacted our financial results in the past. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 The success of our business is dependent on our ability to keep pace with technological changes and competitive conditions in our industry and our ability to effectively adapt our services as our customers react to technological changes and competitive conditions in their respective industries. 
 If we are unable to offer technologically advanced, cost effective, quick response manufacturing services that are differentiated from our competition (including utilization of machine learning and artificial intelligence) and adapt those services as our customers requirements change, demand for our services will decline. 
 Introducing new business models or programs requiring implementation of new competencies, such as new process technologies and our development of new products or services, has and could affect our operations and financial results. 
 The introduction of new business models or programs requiring implementation or development of new competencies, such as new process technology within our operations and our independent development of new products or services, presents challenges in addition to opportunities. The success of new business models or programs depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, a sufficient understanding of the new business or markets, timely and successful product development (by us and/or our customer), market acceptance, our ability to manage the risks associated with new business models or programs and new product production ramp-up, the effective management of purchase commitments and inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand, our development or acquisition of appropriate intellectual property, the availability of supplies in adequate quantities and at appropriate costs to meet anticipated demand, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction. Accordingly, we cannot determine in advance the ultimate result of new business models or programs. 
 As a result, we must make long-term investments, develop or obtain appropriate intellectual property, and commit significant resources before knowing whether our assumptions will accurately reflect customer demand. After the development of a new business model, program, product, or service, we typically must be able to manufacture appropriate volumes quickly and at low cost. To accomplish this, we endeavor to accurately forecast volumes, mixes of products and configurations; however, we do not always succeed at doing so. 
 The addition of new customers has also introduced different demand cycles. For example, cloud-based service providers are cyclically different from our traditional customers, creating changes to our historical revenue patterns and increasing the complexity of the management of our working capital requirements. 
 We compete with numerous other diversified manufacturing service providers, electronic manufacturing services, design providers, and others. 
 Our business is highly competitive, and our manufacturing processes are generally not subject to significant proprietary protection. We compete against numerous domestic and foreign electronic manufacturers, manufacturing service providers, design providers, and others. The significant purchasing power and market power of these competitors, many of which are large companies, has and could increase pricing and competitive pressures for us. Most of our competitors have international operations and significant financial resources and some have substantially greater manufacturing, research and development (R D) and marketing resources. These competitors may: 
 respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements; 
 have technological expertise, engineering capabilities, and/or manufacturing resources that are greater than ours; 
 have greater name recognition, critical mass, and geographic market presence; 
 be better able to take advantage of acquisition opportunities; 
 devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their services and execution of their strategy; 
 be better positioned to compete on price for their services; 
 have excess capacity, and be better able to utilize such excess capacity; 
 have greater direct buying power from component suppliers, distributors, and raw material suppliers; 
 have lower cost structures as a result of their geographic location or the services they provide; 
 be willing or able to make sales or provide services at lower margins than we do; 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 have increased vertical capabilities, providing them greater cost savings. 
 We also face competition from the manufacturing operations of our current and potential customers, who are continually evaluating the merits of manufacturing products internally against the advantages of outsourcing. In the past, some of our customers moved a portion of their manufacturing from us in order to more fully utilize their excess internal manufacturing capacity. 
 The actions of competitors and current and potential customers have and could cause a decline in our sales and/or compression of our profits. 
 Our business has and could be adversely affected by any delays, or increased costs, resulting from common carrier or transportation issues. 
 We rely on a variety of common carriers across the globe to transport our materials from our suppliers and to our customers. Problems suffered by any of these common carriers, including natural disaster, pandemic, labor problems, increased energy prices, or criminal activity, has and could result in shipping delays for products or materials, increased costs, or other supply chain disruptions, and could therefore have a negative impact on our ability to receive products from suppliers and deliver products to customers, resulting in a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 We may not be able to maintain our engineering, technological, and manufacturing expertise. 
 Many of the markets for our manufacturing and engineering services are characterized by rapidly changing technology and evolving process development. The continued success of our business will depend upon our ability to: 
 hire, retain and expand our pool of qualified engineering and technical personnel; 
 maintain and continually improve our technological expertise; 
 develop and market manufacturing services that meet changing customer needs; and 
 anticipate and respond to technological changes in manufacturing processes on a cost-effective and timely basis. 
 Although we use the assembly and testing technologies, equipment, and processes that are currently required by our customers, we cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain or develop the capabilities required by our customers in the future. The emergence of new technology, industry standards, or customer requirements may render our equipment, inventory, or processes obsolete or noncompetitive. The acquisition and implementation of new technologies and equipment and the offering of new or additional services to our customers has in the past and may again in the future require significant expense or capital investment, which could reduce our operating margins and our operating results. In facilities that we newly establish or acquire, we may not be able to insert or maintain our engineering, technological and manufacturing process expertise. Our failure to anticipate and adapt to our customers changing technological needs and requirements or to hire sufficient personnel to maintain our engineering, technological and manufacturing expertise could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We depend on attracting and retaining officers, managers, and skilled personnel. 
 Our success depends to a large extent upon the continued services of our officers, managers, and skilled personnel. These employees are not generally bound by employment or non-competition agreements, and we cannot assure you that we will retain them. To aid in managing our growth and strengthening our pool of management and skilled personnel, we will need to internally develop, recruit, and retain skilled management personnel. If we are not able to do so, our business and our ability to continue to grow could be harmed. 
 We derive a substantial majority of our revenues from our international operations, which are subject to a number of different risks and often require more management time and expense than our domestic operations. 
 Our international operations are subject to a number of risks, including: 
 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations and attempting to ensure compliance with our policies, procedures, and applicable local laws; 
 less flexible employee relationships that can be difficult and expensive to terminate due to, among other things, labor laws and regulations; 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 rising labor costs (including the introduction or expansion of certain social programs), in particular within the lower-cost regions in which we operate, due to, among other things, demographic changes and economic development in those regions; 
 labor unrest and dissatisfaction, including potential labor strikes or claims; 
 increased scrutiny by the media and other third parties of labor practices within our industry (including working conditions, compliance with employment and labor laws and compensation) which may result in allegations of violations, more stringent and burdensome labor laws, and regulations, higher labor costs, and/or loss of revenues if our customers become dissatisfied with our labor practices and diminish or terminate their relationship with us; 
 burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws, including those relating to export and import duties, domestic and foreign import and export controls, trade barriers (including tariffs and quotas), environmental policies and privacy issues, and local statutory corporate governance rules; 
 risk of non-compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA or similar regulations in other jurisdictions; 
 less favorable, less predictable, or relatively undefined, intellectual property laws; 
 lack of sufficient or available locations from which to operate or inability to renew leases on terms that are acceptable to us or at all; 
 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and laws or government or judicial interpretations of such regulatory requirements and laws and adverse trade policies, and adverse changes to any of the policies of either the U.S. or any of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate; 
 adverse changes in tax rates or accounting rules and the manner in which the U.S. and other countries tax multinational companies or interpret their tax laws or accounting rules or restrictions on the transfer of funds to us from our operations outside the U.S.; 
 limitations on imports or exports of components or products, or other trade sanctions; 
 political and economic instability and unsafe working conditions; 
 geopolitical unrest, including the invasion of Ukraine, the possibility of military activity in countries near or adjacent to Ukraine, and the sanctions and other actions taken by the European Union, the United States, and other governments around the world in response; 
 the Israel-Hamas war, attacks on shipping vessels in the Red Sea, the possibility of military activity in countries near or adjacent to Israel, and the sanctions and other actions that have or may be taken by other governments around the world in response could impact the Company although we have limited business in Israel; 
 risk of governmental expropriation of our property; 
 inadequate infrastructure for our operations (e.g., lack of adequate power, water, transportation, and raw materials); 
 legal or political constraints on our ability to maintain or increase prices; 
 health concerns, epidemics, and related government actions; 
 increased travel costs and difficulty in coordinating our communications and logistics across geographic distances and multiple time zones; 
 longer customer payment cycles and difficulty collecting trade accounts receivable; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 economies that are emerging or developing or that are subject to greater currency volatility, negative growth, high inflation, limited availability of foreign exchange, and other risks; 
 higher potential for theft, misappropriation, or unauthorized access to or use of technology, data, or intellectual property; and 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 international trade disputes have and could result in tariffs and other protectionist measures that have and could adversely affect our business. Tariffs have and could increase the costs of the components and raw materials we use in the manufacturing process as well as import and export costs for finished products. Countries could adopt other protectionist measures that could limit our ability to manufacture products or provide services. Increased costs to our U.S. customers who use our non-U.S. manufacturing sites and components may adversely impact demand for our services and our results of operation and financial condition. Additionally, international trade disputes may cause our customers to decide to relocate the manufacturing of their products to another location, either within country, or into a new country. Relocations may require considerable management time as well as expenses related to market, personnel and facilities development before any significant revenue is generated, which may negatively affect our margin. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that all customer manufacturing needs can be met in available locations within the desired timeframe, or at all, which may cause us to lose business, which may negatively affect our financial condition and results of operation. 
 In particular, a significant portion of our manufacturing, design, support and storage operations are conducted in our facilities in China, and revenues associated with our China operations are important to our success. Therefore, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by economic, political, legal, regulatory, competitive, infrastructure and other factors in China. International trade disputes or political differences with China have and could result in tariffs and other measures that could adversely affect the Company s business. The Chinese economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the level of government involvement and control over economic growth. In addition, our operations in China are governed by Chinese laws, rule, and regulations, some of which are relatively new. The Chinese legal system continues to rapidly evolve, which may result in uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws, rules, and regulations that could have a material adverse effect on our business. China experiences high turnover of direct labor in the manufacturing sector due to the intensely competitive and fluid market for labor, and the retention of adequate labor is a challenge. If our labor turnover rates are higher than we expect, or we otherwise fail to adequately manage our labor needs, then our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. We are also subject to risks associated with our subsidiaries organized in China. For example, regulatory and registration requirements and government approvals affect the financing that we can provide to our subsidiaries. If we fail to receive required registrations and approvals to fund our subsidiaries organized in China, or if our ability to remit currency out of China is limited, then our business and liquidity could be adversely affected. 
 These factors may harm our results of operations. Also, any measures that we may implement to reduce risks of our international operations may not be effective, may increase our expenses, and may require significant management time and effort. Entry into new international markets requires considerable management time as well as start-up expenses related to market, personnel and facilities development before any significant revenue is generated. As a result, initial operations in a new market may operate at low margins or may be unprofitable. 
 Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to cause compliance with the FCPA and similar laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, will not take actions in violation of our policies which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 Energy price increases or shortages may negatively impact our results of operations. 
 Certain of the components that we use in our manufacturing activities are petroleum-based. In addition, we, along with our suppliers and customers, rely on various energy sources (including oil) in our facilities and transportation activities. An increase in energy prices, which have been volatile historically, or energy shortages or restrictions could cause disruption in our operations and/or increase in our raw material costs and transportation costs. In addition, increased transportation costs of certain of our suppliers and customers could be passed along to us. We may not be able to increase our product prices enough to offset these increased costs. In addition, any increase in our product prices may reduce our future customer orders and profitability. 
 We have on occasion not achieved, and may not in the future achieve, expected profitability from our acquisitions; divestitures may adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 We have in the past and will continue to seek and complete acquisitions and divestitures. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully integrate the operations and management of our recent acquisitions. Similarly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to identify future strategic acquisitions and adequately conduct due diligence, consummate these potential acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all, or if consummated, successfully integrate the operations and management of future acquisitions. Acquisitions involve significant risks, which could have a material adverse effect on us including: 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Financial risks, such as: (1) overpayment; (2) an increase in our expenses and working capital requirements; (3) exposure to liabilities of the acquired businesses, with contractually-based time and monetary limitations on a seller s obligation to indemnify us; (4) integration costs or failure to achieve synergy targets; (5) incurrence of additional debt; (6) valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets; (7) possible adverse tax and accounting effects; (8) the risk that we acquire manufacturing facilities and assume significant contractual and other obligations with no guaranteed levels of revenue; (9) the risk that, in the future, we may have to close or sell acquired facilities at our cost, which may include substantial employee severance costs and asset write-offs, which have resulted, and may result, in our incurring significant losses; and (10) costs associated with environmental risks including fines, remediation and clean-up. 
 Operating risks, such as: (1) the diversion of management s attention and resources to the integration of the acquired businesses and their employees and to the management of expanding operations; (2) the risk that the acquired businesses will fail to maintain the quality of services that we have historically provided; (3) the need to implement financial and other systems and add management resources; (4) the need to maintain customer, supplier or other favorable business relationships of acquired operations and restructure or terminate unfavorable relationships; (5) the potential for deficiencies in internal controls of the acquired operations; (6) the inability to attract and retain the employees necessary to support the acquired businesses; (7) potential inexperience in a line of business that is either new to us or that has become materially more significant to us as a result of the transaction; (8) unforeseen difficulties (including any unanticipated liabilities) in the acquired operations; (9) the impact on us of any unionized work force we may acquire or any labor disruptions that might occur; (10) the possibility that the acquired business s past transactions or practices before our acquisition may lead to future commercial or regulatory risks; (11) the difficulty of presenting a unified corporate image; (12) the possibility that we will have unutilized capacity due to our acquisition activity; (13) when acquiring an operation from a customer and continuing or entering into a supply arrangement, our inability to meet the expectations of the customer as to volume, product quality, timeliness and cost reductions. 
 Although we conduct what we believe to be a prudent level of due diligence regarding the businesses we purchase, in light of the circumstances of each transaction, an unavoidable level of risk remains regarding the actual condition of these businesses. Until we actually assume operating control of such businesses and their assets and operations, we may not be able to ascertain the actual value or understand the potential liabilities of the acquired entities and their operations. 
 Many of our acquisitions involve operations outside of the U.S., which are subject to various risks including those described in Risk Factors We derive a substantial majority of our revenue from our international operations, which may be subject to a number of risks and often require more management time and expense than our domestic operations. 
 We have acquired and may continue to pursue the acquisition of manufacturing and supply chain management operations from our customers (or potential customers). In these acquisitions, the divesting company will typically enter into a supply arrangement with the acquirer. Therefore, our competitors often also pursue these acquisitions. In addition, certain divesting companies may choose not to offer to sell their operations to us because of our current supply arrangements with other companies or may require terms and conditions that may impact our profitability. If we are unable to attract and consummate some of these acquisition opportunities at favorable terms, our growth and profitability could be adversely impacted. 
 In addition, divestitures involve significant risks, including without limitation, difficulty finding financially sufficient buyers or selling on acceptable terms in a timely manner. Divestitures could adversely affect our profitability and, under certain circumstances, require us to record impairment charges or a loss as a result of the transaction. In addition, completing divestitures is costly, diverts management s attention and could leave us with certain continuing liabilities. 
 These and other factors could harm our ability to achieve anticipated levels of profitability or realize other anticipated benefits of an acquisition or divestiture and could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 We face risks arising from the restructuring of our operations. 
 In recent years, we have undertaken initiatives to restructure our business operations with the intention of improving utilization and realizing cost savings. These initiatives have included changing the number and location of our production facilities, largely to align our capacity and infrastructure with current and anticipated customer demand. The process of restructuring entails, among other activities, moving production between facilities, transferring programs from higher cost geographies to lower cost geographies, closing facilities, reducing the level of staff, realigning our business processes, and reorganizing our management. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Restructurings could adversely affect us, including a decrease in employee morale, delays encountered in finalizing the scope of, and implementing, the restructurings, failure to achieve targeted cost savings, and failure to meet operational targets and customer requirements due to the restructuring process. These risks are further complicated by our extensive international operations, which subject us to different legal and regulatory requirements that govern the extent and speed of our ability to reduce our manufacturing capacity and workforce. 
 We have and may be required to take additional charges in the future to align our operations and cost structures with global economic conditions, market demands, cost competitiveness, and our geographic footprint as it relates to our customers' production requirements or following divestitures. We have and may consolidate or divest certain manufacturing facilities or transfer certain of our operations to other geographies. If we are required to take additional restructuring charges in the future, our operating results, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 
 Disruptions to our information systems, including security breaches, losses of data or outages, and other security issues, have and could in the future adversely affect our operations. 
 We rely on information systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to store, process, and transmit confidential information, including financial reporting, inventory management, procurement, invoicing, and electronic communications, belonging to our customers, our suppliers, our employees, and/or us. Any delay in the implementation of these information systems could result in material adverse consequences, including disruption of operations, loss of information, and unanticipated increases in costs. We monitor and mitigate our exposure to cybersecurity issues and modify our systems when warranted, and we have implemented certain business continuity items including data backups at alternative sites. Nevertheless, these systems are vulnerable to, and at times have suffered from, among other things, damage from power loss or natural disasters, computer system and network failures, loss of telecommunication services, physical and electronic loss of data, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, cyberattacks, and security breaches, ranging from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to our IT systems to sophisticated and targeted measures. These include industrial espionage attacks, data theft, malware, phishing, ransomware attacks, or other cybersecurity threats or incidents. The increased use of mobile technologies and the internet of things can heighten these and other operational risks. If we, or the third parties who own and operate certain of our information systems, are unable to prevent such breaches, losses of data, and outages, our operations could be disrupted. Also, the time and funds spent on monitoring and mitigating our exposure and responding to breaches, including the training of employees, the purchase of protective technologies and the hiring of additional employees and consultants to assist in these efforts could adversely affect our financial results. The increasing sophistication of cyberattacks requires us to continually evaluate the threat landscape and new technologies and processes intended to detect and prevent these attacks. There can be no assurance that the security measures and systems configurations we choose to implement will be sufficient to protect the data we manage. Any theft or misuse of information resulting from a security breach could result in, among other things, loss of significant and/or sensitive information, litigation by affected parties, financial obligations resulting from such theft or misuse, higher insurance premiums, governmental investigations, negative reactions from current and potential future customers (including potential negative financial ramifications under certain customer contract provisions), and poor publicity. Any of these could adversely affect our financial results. In addition, we must comply with increasingly complex regulations intended to protect business and personal data in the U.S. and globally. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also restrict transfers of personal information among the Company and its international subsidiaries. Several jurisdictions have passed laws in this area, and additional jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions or have laws that are pending. These laws continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Complying with emerging and changing requirements causes the Company to incur substantial costs and has required and may in the future require the Company to change its business practices. Compliance with these regulations can be costly and any failure to comply could result in legal and reputational risks as well as penalties, fines and damages that could adversely affect our financial results. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Regulatory Risks 
 We are subject to extensive government regulations and industry standards and the terms of complex contracts; a failure to comply with current and future regulations and standards, or the terms of our contractual arrangements, could have an adverse effect on our business, customer relationships, reputation, and profitability. 
 We are subject to extensive government regulation and industry standards relating to the products we design and manufacture as well as how we conduct our business, including regulations and standards relating to labor and employment practices, workplace health and safety, the environment, sourcing and import/export practices, the market sectors we support, privacy and data protection, the regulations that apply to government contracts, machine learning, and artificial intelligence, and many other facets of our operations. The regulatory climate in the U.S. and other countries has become increasingly complex and fragmented, and regulatory activity has increased in recent periods. Failure or noncompliance with such regulations or standards could have an adverse effect on our reputation, customer relationships, profitability, and results of operations. In addition, we regularly enter into a large number of complex contractual arrangements as well as operate pursuant to the terms of a significant number of ongoing intricate contractual arrangements. Our failure or our customers failure to comply with the terms of such arrangements could expose us to claims or other demands and could have an adverse effect on our reputation, customer relationships, profitability, and results of operations. 
 If we manufacture products containing design or manufacturing defects, demand for our services may decline, our reputation may be damaged, and we may be subject to liability claims. 
 Our customers products and the manufacturing processes and design services that we use to produce them often are highly complex. Defects in the products we manufacture or design, whether caused by a design, manufacturing or component failure or error, or deficiencies in our manufacturing processes, have occurred and may result in delayed shipments to customers or reduced or canceled customer orders. If these defects or deficiencies are significant, our business reputation may also be damaged. The failure of the products that we manufacture or of our manufacturing processes or facilities may subject us to regulatory enforcement, fines, or penalties and, in some cases, require us to shut down, temporarily halt operations or incur considerable expense to correct a manufacturing process or facility. In addition, these defects have resulted in, and may in the future result in, liability claims against us, expose us to liability to pay for the recall or remanufacture of a product, or adversely affect product sales or our reputation. Even if our customers are responsible for the defects or defective specifications, they may not, or may not have resources to, assume responsibility for any costs or liabilities arising from these defects, which could expose us to additional liability claims. Any of these actions could increase our expenses, reduce our revenue or damage our reputation as a supplier to these customers. 
 We may face heightened liability risks specific to our medical device business as a result of additional healthcare regulatory related compliance requirements and the potential severe consequences (e.g., death or serious injury) that could result from manufacturing defects or malfunctions of the medical devices we manufacture or design. 
 As a service provider engaged in the business of designing and manufacturing medical devices for our customers, we have compliance requirements in addition to those relating to other industries we serve within our business. We are required to register with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA and are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA for compliance with the FDA s Quality System Regulation QSR ), including current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMPs). This regulation establishes requirements for manufacturers of medical devices to implement design and process manufacturing controls, quality control, labeling, handling, and documentation procedures. The FDA, through periodic inspections and post-market surveillance, continuously and rigorously monitors compliance with these QSR requirements and other applicable regulatory requirements. If any FDA inspection reveals noncompliance, and we do not address the FDA s concerns to its satisfaction, the FDA may elect to take enforcement action against us, including issuing inspection observations or a notice of violation or a warning letter, imposing fines, bringing an action against the Company and its officers, requiring a recall of the products we manufactured, issuing an import detention on products entering the U.S. from an offshore facility, or temporarily halting operations at or shutting down a manufacturing facility. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Beyond the FDA, our medical device business is also subject to applicable state and foreign regulatory requirements. Within the European Union EU ), we are required to fulfill certain internationally recognized standards and must undergo periodic inspections to obtain and maintain certifications to these standards. Continued noncompliance to the EU regulations could stop the flow of products into the EU from us or from our customers. In China, the National Medical Products Administration controls and regulates the manufacture and commerce of healthcare products. We must comply with the regulatory laws applicable to medical device manufacturers, or our ability to manufacture products in China could be impacted. In Japan, the Pharmaceutical Affairs Laws regulate the manufacture and commerce of healthcare products. These regulations also require that subcontractors manufacturing products intended for sale in Japan register with authorities and submit to regulatory audits. Other foreign countries where we operate have similar laws regarding the regulation of medical device manufacturing. In the event of any noncompliance with these requirements, interruption of our operations and/or ability to allow commerce in these markets could occur, which in turn could cause our reputation and business to suffer. 
 Compliance or the failure to comply with current and future environmental, health and safety, product stewardship, and producer responsibility laws or regulations could cause us significant expense. 
 We are subject to a variety of federal, state, local, and foreign environmental, health and safety, product stewardship, and producer responsibility laws and regulations, including those arising from global pandemics or relating to the use, generation, storage, discharge, and disposal of hazardous chemicals used during our manufacturing process, those governing worker health and safety, those requiring design changes, supply chain investigation or conformity assessments, and those relating to the recycling or reuse of products we manufacture. If we fail to comply with any present or future regulations or timely obtain any needed permits, we could become subject to liabilities, and we could face fines or penalties, the suspension of production, or prohibitions on sales of products we manufacture. In addition, such regulations could restrict our ability to expand our facilities or could require us to acquire costly equipment, or to incur other significant expenses, including expenses associated with the recall of any non-compliant product or with changes in our operational, procurement, and inventory management activities. 
 Certain environmental laws impose liability for the costs of investigation, removal, and remediation of hazardous or toxic substances on an owner, occupier, or operator of real estate, or on parties who arranged for hazardous substance treatment or disposal, even if such person or company was unaware of, or not responsible for, contamination at the affected site. Soil and groundwater contamination may have occurred at or near, or may have arisen from, some of our facilities. From time to time we investigate, remediate, and monitor soil and groundwater contamination at certain of our operating sites. In certain instances where contamination existed prior to our ownership or occupation of a site, landlords or former owners have retained some contractual responsibility for contamination and remediation. However, failure of such persons to perform those obligations could result in us being required to address such contamination. As a result, we may incur clean-up costs in such potential removal or remediation efforts. In other instances, we may be responsible for clean-up costs and other liabilities, including the possibility of claims due to health risks by both employees and non-employees, as well as other third-party claims in connection with contaminated sites. 
 In addition, there is an increasing governmental focus around the world on global warming and environmental impact issues, which has resulted in new environmental, health, and safety regulations that may affect us, our suppliers, and our customers. This could cause us to incur additional direct costs for compliance, as well as increased indirect costs resulting from our customers, suppliers, or both, incurring additional compliance costs that get passed on to us. These costs may adversely impact our operations and financial condition. 
 We have limited insurance coverage for potential environmental liabilities associated with current operations, and we do not anticipate increasing such coverage in the future. 
 We are subject to litigation and proceedings, which may result in substantial expenses, settlement costs, or judgments; require the time and attention of key management resources; and result in adverse publicity, any of which may negatively impact our financial performance. 
 We are party to various legal actions incidental to our business, as plaintiff or defendant, as well as various other claims, suits, investigations, and legal or governmental proceedings. Regardless of the merits of the claims, litigation or governmental proceedings may be both time-consuming and disruptive to our business. The defense and ultimate outcome of any lawsuits or other legal proceedings may result in higher expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We cannot predict the final outcome of such lawsuits or proceedings or the likelihood that other proceedings will be initiated against us. Accordingly, the cost of defending against such lawsuits or proceedings, or any future lawsuits or proceedings, may be high and, in any event, these legal proceedings may result in the diversion of our management's time and attention away from our business. In the event that there is an adverse ruling in any legal proceeding, 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 we may be required to make payments to third parties that could be in excess of any amounts accrued and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition, and/or results of operations. 
 Our operations result in exposure to intellectual property claims. 
 Our operations expose us to intellectual property rights claims from third parties, some of whom may hold key intellectual property rights in areas in which we operate. Intellectual property clearance or licensing efforts or activities, if any, may be inadequate to anticipate and avoid intellectual property claims. Our customers or suppliers, or their customers or suppliers, could also become subject to intellectual property claims. 
 Even though many, but not all, of our contracts require others to indemnify Jabil for intellectual property claims relating to their products, designs, or technology, any such party may not, or may not have the resources to, assume responsibility for such claims. We may be responsible for claims that our services, designs, technologies, products, or components, equipment, or processes we supply or use, infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate third party intellectual property rights. Providing turnkey design solutions, designs, technologies, products, and other services may expose us to different or greater potential liabilities than those we face providing traditional manufacturing services. These liabilities may include an increase in exposure to claims that products we design or supply, or processes, materials, or components we use, infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate third-party intellectual property rights. Customers for our products and services in which we provide significant design or technology contributions sometimes require that we indemnify them against risk of intellectual property claims. 
 If any intellectual property claims are brought, regardless of their merits, we could be required to expend significant resources in the defense or settlement of such claims, or in the defense or settlement of related indemnification claims. Intellectual property rights claims could subject us to significant liability for damages, potential injunctive action, or hamper our normal operations such as by interfering with the availability of components or have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. In the event of such a claim, we may spend significant amounts of money and effort to develop non-infringing alternatives or obtain and maintain licenses. We may not be successful in developing such alternatives or obtaining and maintaining such licenses on reasonable terms or at all. We, or suppliers or customers, may be required to or decide to discontinue products or services, and such discontinuance may result in a significant decrease in our business and/or could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. These risks may be heightened in connection with our customer relationships with emerging companies. 
 The success of certain aspects of our business depends in part on our ability to obtain, protect, and leverage intellectual property rights. 
 In certain circumstances, we strive to obtain and protect certain intellectual property rights related to solutions, designs, processes, and products that we create. We believe that obtaining a significant level of protected proprietary technology may give us a competitive advantage. In addition to selectively relying on patent rights, we rely on unpatented proprietary know-how and trade secrets and employ various methods, including non-disclosure agreements, with our customers, employees, and suppliers and our internal security systems, policies, and procedures to protect our know-how and trade secrets. However, we cannot be certain the measures we employ will result in protected intellectual property rights or will result in the prevention of unauthorized use of our technology. If we are unable to obtain and protect intellectual property rights embodied within our solutions, designs, processes, and products, this could reduce or eliminate competitive advantages of our proprietary technology, which would harm our business and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. 
 Even if we take steps to protect certain intellectual property rights, these mechanisms may not afford complete or sufficient protection, and misappropriation or unauthorized use may still occur. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to acquire or enforce our patent or other rights, if any, and that others will not independently develop similar know-how and trade secrets, or develop better solutions, designs, processes and products than us. We have not historically sought patent protection for many of our proprietary processes, designs or other patentable intellectual property. Further, we may not be able to prevent current or former customers, employees, contractors and other parties from breaching non-disclosure agreements and misappropriating proprietary information. If any of the foregoing occur, it could impair our ability to compete, result in a significant decrease in our business and/or could have material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Risks 
 Exposure to financially troubled customers or suppliers may adversely affect our financial results. 
 We provide manufacturing services to companies and industries that have in the past, and may in the future, experience financial difficulty. When customers experience financial difficulty, we have difficulty recovering amounts owed to us from these customers, and demand for our products from these customers sometimes declines. Additionally, if our suppliers experience financial difficulty, we could have difficulty sourcing supplies necessary to fulfill production requirements. When one or more of our customers becomes insolvent or otherwise is unable to pay for the services provided by us on a timely basis, or at all, our operating results and financial condition are adversely affected. Such adverse effects have included and may in the future include one or more of the following: an increase in our provision for doubtful accounts, a charge for inventory writeoffs, an impairment of contract assets, a reduction in revenue, and an increase in our working capital requirements due to higher inventory levels and increases in days our accounts receivable are outstanding. In addition, because we securitize certain of our accounts receivable, our securitization programs could be negatively affected by customer financial difficulty affecting the recovery of a significant amount of receivables. 
 When financial markets experience significant turmoil, the financial arrangements we may need to enter into, refinance or repay and our customers may be adversely affected. 
 Credit market turmoil could negatively impact the counterparties and lenders to our forward foreign exchange contracts, trade accounts receivable securitization and sale programs, unsecured credit and term loan facilities, commercial paper program, various foreign subsidiary credit facilities and other debt facilities. These potential negative impacts could limit our ability to borrow under these financing agreements, contracts, facilities and programs or renew or obtain future additional financing. Credit market turmoil could also negatively impact certain of our customers and certain of their respective customers, which could cause them to reduce or cancel their orders and have a negative effect on our results of operations. 
 We are subject to the risk of increased taxes. 
 We base our tax position upon the anticipated nature and conduct of our business and upon our understanding of the tax laws of the various countries in which we have assets or conduct activities. Our tax position, however, is subject to review and possible challenge by taxing authorities (including application of transfer pricing rules to our intercompany transactions) and to possible changes in law. We cannot determine in advance the extent to which some jurisdictions may assess additional tax or interest and penalties on such additional taxes. In addition, our effective tax rate has been and may be increased by changes in the mix of earnings between jurisdictions, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in our cash management strategies, changes in local tax rates, or taxing authorities adopting more aggressive interpretations of tax laws. In addition, acquisitions and/or divestitures may cause our effective tax rate to increase, depending on the jurisdictions in which the operations are located. 
 The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD and participating countries continue to work toward the enactment of a 15 global minimum corporate tax rate. Many countries, including countries in which we have tax incentives, have enacted or are in the process of enacting laws based on the OECD s proposals. Our effective tax rate and cash tax liability could be adversely impacted by these rules beginning in fiscal year 2025, with the full impact occurring in subsequent years. 
 Several countries in which we are located allow for tax incentives to attract and retain business. We have obtained incentives where available and practicable. Our taxes could increase if certain tax incentives are retracted, which could occur if we are unable to satisfy the conditions on which such incentives are based, if they are not renewed upon expiration, or if tax rates applicable to us in such jurisdictions otherwise increase. Further, the global minimum tax is expected to reduce the benefits achieved from tax incentives. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Our credit rating may be downgraded. 
 Our credit is and certain of our financial instruments and our commercial paper are rated by credit rating agencies. Any potential future negative change in our credit ratings may make it more expensive for us to raise additional capital on terms that are acceptable to us, if at all; negatively impact the price of our common stock; increase our interest payments under existing debt agreements; cause us to lose the ability to utilize our commercial paper program; and have other negative implications on our business, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, the interest rate payable under the Credit Facility (as such terms are define d in Note 7 Notes Payable and Long-Term Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements) is subject to adjustment from time to time if our credit ratings change. Thus, any potential future negative change in our credit rating may increase the interest rate payable on the Credit Facility and certain of our other borrowings. 
 Our amount of debt could significantly increase in the future. 
 The Company has a number of debt facilities. Refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources a nd Note 7 Notes Payable and Long-Term Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 Should we desire to consummate significant additional acquisition opportunities, undertake significant additional expansion activities, or make substantial investments in our infrastructure or in support of customer opportunities, our capital needs would increase and could result in our need to increase borrowings under our revolving credit facilities or access public or private debt and equity markets. There can be no assurance, however, that we would be successful in raising additional debt or equity on terms that we would consider acceptable. An increase in the level of our indebtedness, among other things, could: 
 make it difficult for us to obtain any necessary financing in the future for other acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, or other purposes; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in, our business; 
 make us more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in our business; and 
 impact certain financial covenants that we are subject to in connection with our debt and asset-backed securitization programs. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to meet future debt service obligations. 
 An adverse change in the interest rates for our borrowings has and could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 We pay interest on outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facilities and certain other long term debt obligations at interest rates that fluctuate based upon changes in various base interest rates. An adverse change in the base rates upon which our interest rates are determined has and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. If certain economic or fiscal issues occur, interest rates have and could rise, which would increase our interest costs and reduce our net income. Also, increased interest rates could make any future fixed interest rate debt obligations more expensive. 
 We are subject to risks of currency fluctuations and related hedging operations. 
 Although a significant number of our operations are located outside the United States, the majority of our business is conducted in U.S. dollars. Changes in exchange rates will affect our net revenue, cost of sales, operating margins, and net income. We cannot predict the impact of future exchange rate fluctuations. We use financial instruments, primarily forward contracts, to hedge our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. We believe that our hedging activities enable us to largely protect ourselves from future exchange rate fluctuations. If, however, these hedging activities are not successful, if the counterparties to these hedging activities default on their obligations to us or if we change or reduce these hedging activities in the future, we may experience significant unexpected expenses from fluctuations in exchange rates. In addition, certain countries in which we operate have adopted, or may adopt, currency controls requiring that local transactions be settled only in local currency. Such controls could require us to hedge larger amounts of local currency than we have in the past. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 An impairment in the value of our assets would reduce the value of our assets and reduce our net income in the year in which the write-off occurs. 
 We have recorded intangible assets, including goodwill, in connection with business acquisitions. We perform a goodwill impairment analysis on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, goodwill is considered impaired. Refer t o Note 6 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets to the Consolidated Financial Statements f or further discussion of the impairment testing of goodwill and identifiable intangible assets. A decline in general economic conditions or global equity valuations could impact the judgments and assumptions about the fair value of our businesses, and we could be required to record impairment charges on our goodwill or other identifiable intangible assets in the future, which could impact our consolidated balance sheet, as well as our consolidated statements of operations. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Changes in financial accounting standards or policies have affected, and in the future may affect, our reported financial condition or results of operations. 
 We prepare our financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. These principles are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the SEC, and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting policies. A change in these policies can have a significant effect on our reported results and may affect our reporting of transactions that are completed before a change is announced. Changes to those rules or questions as to how we interpret or implement them may have a material adverse effect on our reported financial results or on the way we conduct business. 
 We are subject to risks associated with natural disasters, climate change, and global events. 
 Our operations and those of our customers and suppliers have been and may again be subject to natural disasters, climate change-related events, pandemics, or other business disruptions, which could seriously harm our results of operation and increase our costs and expenses. We are susceptible to losses and interruptions caused by hurricanes (including in Florida, where our headquarters are located), earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water or other natural resource shortages, tsunamis, floods, typhoons, drought, fire, extreme weather conditions, rising sea level, geopolitical events such as direct or indirect terrorist acts or acts of war, other natural or manmade disasters, boycotts and sanctions, or widespread criminal activities. Such events could make it difficult or impossible to manufacture or to deliver products to our customers, receive production materials from our suppliers, or perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business globally or in certain regions. While we maintain similar manufacturing capacities at different locations and coordinate multi-source supplier programs on many of our materials, which we believe better enables us to respond to these types of events, we cannot be sure that our plans will fully protect us from all such disruptions. Our insurance coverage with respect to natural disasters is limited and is subject to deductibles and coverage limits. Such coverage may not be adequate or may not continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates and terms. 
 While we manufacture our products in a large number of diversified facilities and maintain insurance covering our facilities, including business interruption insurance, a catastrophic loss of the use of all or a portion of one of our key manufacturing facilities due to accident, labor issues, weather conditions, natural disaster or otherwise, whether short- or long-term, could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Expectations relating to environmental, social, and governance considerations expose the Company to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm, and other adverse effects on the Company s business. 
 Many governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance considerations relating to businesses, including climate change and greenhouse gas emissions, human and civil rights, and diversity, equity, and inclusion. In addition, we make statements about our environmental, social, and governance goals and initiatives through our sustainability report. Responding to these environmental, social, and governance considerations and implementation of these goals and initiatives involves risks and uncertainties and requires investments. We cannot guarantee that we will achieve our goals and initiatives. Any failure, or perceived failure, to achieve our goals, further our initiatives, adhere to our public statements, comply with federal, state, or international environmental, social, and governance laws and regulations, or meet evolving and varied shareholder expectations and standards could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against us and materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 There are no unresolved written comments from the SEC staff regarding our periodic or current reports. 
 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 We are committed to reducing the risk of cybersecurity compromise, either intentional or unintentional, to our customers, employees, and company proprietary information resources. 
 Our cybersecurity risk management program is integrated into our global enterprise risk management framework, which is designed to help identify, monitor, and mitigate key strategic risks. Our enterprise risk assessment, which includes data protection and cybersecurity, is developed annually to provide insight into the risks with the greatest potential to impact Jabil s strategy and our financial goals. Key components of our cybersecurity risk management program include the following: 
 Cybersecurity policies . We leverage cybersecurity industry-standard frameworks and insights from internal assessments to develop policies to guide the use of our information assets (for example, business information and information resources such as mobile phones, computers, and workstations), access to specific intellectual property or technologies, and protection of personal information. The Company has also established written policies and procedures to help ensure that cybersecurity incidents are quickly assessed and addressed. 
 Risk assessment. The Company uses routine risk assessment processes to identify and prioritize cybersecurity risks, employ operational controls to mitigate risks, report incidents, and analyze trends, and employ a corrective action process to address nonconformities. Key risk indicators are used across all business functions to monitor and measure our cybersecurity risk exposure. Through this cross-functional approach, management identifies potential operational and strategic risks which could impact our strategy and financial goals. 
 System safeguards. We implement industry-standard technical safeguards that are designed to protect our information systems, operations, and sensitive information from cybersecurity threats. By collaborating with internal stakeholders across the company, we integrate foundational cybersecurity principles throughout our organization, including multiple layers of cybersecurity defenses and restricted access based on business need. We frequently conduct vulnerability assessments to identify new risks and periodically test the efficacy of our safeguards through both internal and external penetration tests. 
 Security Awareness and Training. Cybersecurity education contributes to safety of the Company, customer data, and employee sensitive data and assets. Our employees undergo regular training on information security, cybersecurity awareness, and the protection of confidential information. This training is designed to promote an understanding of the behaviors and technical requirements needed to safeguard Company data. Additionally, we provide ongoing education to help employees recognize and report suspicious activity. In addition, higher risk employees undergo routine anti-phishing testing and training. 
 Assessments. We periodically assess and test our cybersecurity policies, standards, processes, and practices that are designed to address threats. This includes monthly metrics review, threat modeling, vulnerability testing, and other exercises to evaluate our cybersecurity effectiveness. We regularly engage third parties to assist with our assessments and testing. Where appropriate, we adjust our cybersecurity policies, standards, processes, and practices accordingly based on internal and external assessment and testing results. 
 Engagement of third-party service providers . The Company utilizes third-party cybersecurity experts to assess the Company s cybersecurity risks and conduct penetration testing to measure our cybersecurity risk management program relative to industry-standard frameworks. The Company has established a standardized process for assessing and managing potential risks associated with the engagement of third-party service providers that request access to the Company s information systems. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Incident response. The Cybersecurity Incident Response Team CIRT ), deploys, maintains, and monitors various tools and processes designed to safeguard against and detect cybersecurity incidents that may occur. As part of our incident response program, members of management are informed about and monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. In accordance with established written policies and procedures, escalation protocols are used to provide information to, and engage with, executive management, the Cybersecurity Committee and the Board, throughout the incident response process. The CIRT reviews these controls regularly, and makes enhancements as needed to incorporate lessons learned, updated industry standards, and any new or revised legal requirements. 
 As of the date of this report, we are not aware of any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any cybersecurity incidents, which have materially affected us or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. Additional information about our cybersecurity risks is discussed in Disruptions to our information systems, including security breaches, losses of data or outages, and other security issues, have and could in the future adversely affect our operations in Item 1A. Risk Factors, which should be read in conjunction with the information above. 
 Governance 
 The Board oversees risk management directly and through its committees. Generally, the Board oversees risks that may affect the business of Jabil as a whole, including operational matters. The Cybersecurity Committee the Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with regard to the Company s cybersecurity programs and risks, including the cybersecurity practices, procedures, and controls management uses to identify, assess, and manage the Company s key cybersecurity programs and risks, to protect the confidential intellectual property information and data of the Company and its customers and to comply with applicable data protection laws and regulations. 
 The Committee of the Board meets quarterly. At each meeting, it receives reports from the Chief Information Security Officer CISO ). 
 As part of its role in overseeing risk management, the Committee periodically reports to the Board regarding briefings provided by management and advisors as well as the Committees own analysis and conclusions regarding cybersecurity risks faced by the Company. The Committee will review with management and the Board, and advise them regarding the following matters, as necessary: 
 Management s implementation of cybersecurity programs, policies, and procedures and management s actions to safeguard their effectiveness; 
 The effectiveness of the Company s cybersecurity programs and its practices for identifying, assessing, and mitigating cybersecurity risks across all business functions; 
 The Company s controls to prevent, detect and respond to cyber-attacks or information or data breaches involving the Company; 
 Cyber crisis preparedness, incident response plans, and disaster recovery capabilities; 
 Reports and presentations received from management and the Company s advisors regarding the management of cybersecurity programs and risks, including protection of confidential intellectual property, information, and data. 
 The CISO leads the Corporate Information Security organization which oversees the security posture of Jabil s data, networks, and resources. The CISO is responsible for notifying and providing updates on cybersecurity incidents to the Chief Information Officer CIO ). The CIO is responsible for overseeing global IT operations and digital transformation across the Company and leads the strategic direction on IT polices to safeguard company and client assets against cybersecurity threats. 
 The CISO has over 38 years of experience working in cybersecurity, risk management, and infrastructure technology and network architecture. Our CISO holds industry-recognized cybersecurity certifications, including Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) certification. The CIO has over 32 years of experience focused on corporate strategy formulation and implementation, IT management including cybersecurity, and business and process transformation. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties 
 We own or lease facilities located primarily in the geographies listed below. We believe that our properties are generally in good condition, are well maintained, and are generally suitable and adequate to carry out our business at expected capacity for the foreseeable future. The majority of the square footage is active manufacturing space and are reported in both the EMS and DMS operating segments, as both use these properties. Our corporate headquarters is located in St. Petersburg, Florida. 
 The table below lists the approximate square footage for our facilities as of August 31, 2024 (in millions): 
 Region Approximate Square Footage Asia (1) 
 21 Americas 13 Europe 4 Total (2)(3) 
 38 
 (1) Decrease from prior period is driven by the divestiture of the Mobility Business during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024. See Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 (2) Approximately 8 of our total square footage is not currently used in business operations. 
 (3) Consists of 13 million square feet in facilities that we own with the remaining 25 million square feet in leased facilities. 
 Our manufacturing facilities are ISO certified to ISO 9001:2008 standards and most are also certified to ISO-14001:2004 environmental standards. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 See the discussio n in Note 19 Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidat ed Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information and Dividends 
 Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol JBL. See discussion of our cash dividends declared to common shareholde rs in Note 13 Stockholders Equity to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We expect to continue to declare and pay quarterly dividends of an amount similar to our past declarations. However, the declaration and payment of future dividends are discretionary and will be subject to determination by our Board of Directors each quarter following its review of our financial performance and global economic conditions. 
 On October 21, 2024, the closing sales price for our common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange was 124.37. As of October 21, 2024, there were 1,040 holders of record of our common stock. A substantially greater number of holders of our common stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. 
 Information regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in Item 12 of Part III of this report. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The performance graph and table show a comparison of cumulative total stockholder return, assuming the reinvestment of dividends, from a 100 investment in the common stock of Jabil over the five-year period ending August 31, 2024, with the cumulative stockholder return of the (1) S P 400 Index, (2) S P 500 Index, and (3) peer group which includes Celestica Inc., Flex Ltd., Hon-Hai Precision Industry Co. Ltd, Plexus Corp., and Sanmina Corp. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 August 31 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Jabil Inc. 100 120 218 214 407 390 S P 400 Index Total Returns (1) 
 100 104 151 135 150 178 S P 500 Index Total Returns (1) 
 100 122 160 142 165 209 Peer Group 100 116 181 174 190 323 
 (1) During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, we were added to the S P 500 Index. We were previously a member of the S P 400 Index. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information relating to our repurchase of common stock, excluding excise tax, during the three months ended August 31, 2024: 
 Period Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased 
 as Part of Publicly 
 Announced Program (2) 
 Approximate 
 Dollar Value of 
 Shares that May 
 Yet Be Purchased 
 Under the Program 
 (in millions) (2) 
 June 1, 2024 June 30, 2024 
 5,275,487 112.44 5,275,487 July 1, 2024 July 31, 2024 
 2,983 110.54 August 1, 2024 August 31, 2024 
 Total 5,278,470 112.44 5,275,487 
 
 (1) The purchases include amounts that are attributable to 2,983 shares surrendered to us by employees to satisfy, in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units and the exercise of stock options and stock appreciation rights, their tax withholding obligations. 
 (2) In September 2022, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 1.0 billion of our common stock as publicly announced in a press release on September 27, 2022 (the 2023 Share Repurchase Program ). In September 2023, our Board of Directors amended and increased the 2023 Share Repurchase Program to allow for the repurchase of up to 2.5 billion of our common stock as publicly announced in a press release on September 28, 2023. For more information, see Liquidity and Capital Resources - Dividends and Share Repurchases . 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Overview 
 We are one of the leading providers of worldwide manufacturing services and solutions. We provide comprehensive electronics design, production, and product management services to companies in various industries and end markets. We derive substantially all of our revenue from production and product management services (collectively referred to as manufacturing services ), which encompass the act of producing tangible components that are built to customer specifications and are then provided to the customer. 
 On December 29, 2023 the Closing Date ), we completed the sale of our product manufacturing business in Chengdu, including its supporting component manufacturing in Wuxi (the Mobility Business to an affiliate of BYD Electronic (International) Co. Ltd. BYDE for pre-tax cash proceeds of approximately 2.2 billion, subject to certain post-closing adjustments. 
 At August 31, 2024, we had two reporting segments: Electronics Manufacturing Services EMS and Diversified Manufacturing Services DMS ), which are organized based on the economic profiles of the services performed, including manufacturing capabilities, market strategy, margins, return on capital and risk profiles. Our EMS segment is focused on leveraging IT, supply chain design, and engineering, technologies largely centered on core electronics, utilizing our large-scale manufacturing infrastructure and our ability to serve a broad range of end markets. Our EMS segment is a high-volume business that produces product at a quicker rate (i.e., cycle time) and in larger quantities and includes customers primarily in the 5G, wireless and cloud, digital print and retail, industrial and semi-capital equipment, and networking and storage industries. Our DMS segment is focused on providing engineering solutions, with an emphasis on material sciences, technologies, and healthcare. Our DMS segment includes customers primarily in the automotive and transportation, connected devices, and healthcare and packaging industries. The DMS segment included the results of the Mobility Business prior to the Closing Date. 
 Beginning September 1, 2024, we reorganized our internal structure to focus on speed, precision, and solutions and as a result of our organizational realignment, we will report our business in the following three segments: Regulated Industries, Intelligent Infrastructure, and Connected Living and Digital Commerce. Our Regulated Industries segment is focused on regulated markets and includes revenues from customers primarily in the automotive and transportation, healthcare and packaging, and renewable energy infrastructure industries. Our Intelligent Infrastructure segment is focused on the modern digital ecosystem including artificial intelligence AI infrastructure and includes revenues from customers primarily in the capital equipment, cloud and data center infrastructure, and networking and communications industries. Our Connected Living and Digital Commerce segment is focused on digitalization and automation, including warehouse automation, and robotics, and includes revenues from customers primarily in the connected living and digital commerce industries. 
 Our cost of revenue includes the cost of electronic components and other materials that comprise the products we manufacture; the cost of labor and manufacturing overhead; and adjustments for excess and obsolete inventory. As a provider of turnkey manufacturing services, we are responsible for procuring components and other materials. This requires us to commit significant working capital to our operations and to manage the purchasing, receiving, inspecting, and stocking of materials. At times, we collect deposits from our customers related to the purchase of inventory in order to effectively manage our working capital. Although we bear the risk of fluctuations in the cost of materials and excess scrap, our ability to purchase components and materials efficiently may contribute significantly to our operating results. While we periodically negotiate cost of materials adjustments with our customers, rising component and material prices may negatively affect our margins. Net revenue from each product that we manufacture consists of an element based on the costs of materials in that product and an element based on the labor and manufacturing overhead costs allocated to that product. Our gross margin for any product depends on the mix between the cost of materials in the product and the cost of labor and manufacturing overhead allocated to the product. 
 Our operating results are impacted by the level of capacity utilization of manufacturing facilities; indirect labor costs; and selling, general, and administrative expenses. Operating income margins have generally improved during periods of high production volume and high capacity utilization. During periods of low production volume, we generally have reduced operating income margins. 
 We monitor the current economic environment and its potential impact on both the customers we serve as well as our end markets and closely manage our costs and capital resources so that we can try to respond appropriately as circumstances change. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 We have consistently utilized advanced circuit design, production design and manufacturing technologies to meet the needs of our customers. To support this effort, our engineering staff focuses on developing and refining design and manufacturing technologies to meet specific needs of specific customers. Most of the expenses associated with these customer-specific efforts are reflected in our cost of revenue. In addition, our engineers engage in research and development R D of new technologies that apply generally to our operations. The expenses of these R D activities are reflected in the research and development line item within our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 An important element of our strategy is the expansion of our global production facilities. The majority of our revenue and materials costs worldwide are denominated in U.S. dollars, while our labor and utility costs in operations outside the U.S. are denominated in local currencies. We economically hedge certain of these local currency costs, based on our evaluation of the potential exposure as compared to the cost of the hedge, through the purchase of foreign currency exchange contracts. Changes in the fair market value of such hedging instruments are reflected within the Consolidated Statements of Operations and the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 See Note 14 Concentration of Risk and Segment Data to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Summary of Results 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain key operating results and other financial information (in millions, except per share data): 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Net revenue 28,883 34,702 33,478 Gross profit 2,676 2,867 2,632 Operating income 
 2,013 1,537 1,393 Net income attributable to Jabil Inc. 
 1,388 818 996 Earnings per share basic 
 11.34 6.15 7.06 Earnings per share diluted 
 11.17 6.02 6.90 
 Key Performance Indicators 
 Management regularly reviews financial and non-financial performance indicators to assess the Company s operating results. Changes in our operating assets and liabilities are largely affected by our working capital requirements, which are dependent on the effective management of our sales cycle as well as timing of payments. Our sales cycle measures how quickly we can convert our manufacturing services into cash through sales. We believe the metrics set forth below are useful to investors in measuring our liquidity, as future liquidity needs will depend on fluctuations in levels of inventory, accounts receivable, and accounts payable. 
 The following table sets forth, for the quarterly periods indicated, certain of management s key financial performance indicators: 
 Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 May 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 (1) 
 Sales cycle (2) 
 34 days 47 days 43 days Inventory turns (annualized) (3) 
 5 turns 4 turns 5 turns Days in accounts receivable (4) 
 46 days 45 days 40 days Days in inventory (5) 
 76 days 81 days 80 days Days in accounts payable (6) 
 88 days 79 days 77 days 
 
 (1) The calculation of these key performance indicators includes assets and liabilities held for sale for the three months ended August 31, 2023. 
 (2) The sales cycle is calculated as the sum of days in accounts receivable and days in inventory, less the days in accounts payable; accordingly, the variance in the sales cycle quarter over quarter is a direct result of changes in these indicators. 
 (3) Inventory turns (annualized) are calculated as 360 days divided by days in inventory. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 (4) Days in accounts receivable is calculated as accounts receivable, net, divided by net revenue multiplied by 90 days. During the three months ended August 31, 2024, the increase in days in accounts receivable from the three months ended August 31, 2023, was primarily due to the timing of collections. 
 (5) Days in inventory is calculated as inventory and contract assets divided by cost of revenue multiplied by 90 days. During the three months ended August 31, 2024, the decrease in days in inventory from the prior sequential quarter and the three months ended August 31, 2023, was primarily driven by higher consumption of inventory to support sales during the quarter and improved working capital management. 
 (6) Days in accounts payable is calculated as accounts payable divided by cost of revenue multiplied by 90 days. During the three months ended August 31, 2024, the increase in days in accounts payable from the prior sequential quarter and the three months ended August 31, 2023, was primarily due to timing of purchases and cash payments during the quarter. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions based upon historical experience and various other factors and circumstances. Management believes that our estimates and assumptions are reasonable under the circumstances; however, actual results may vary from these estimates and assumptions under different future circumstances. We have identified the following critical accounting policies that affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements. For further discussion of our significant accounting policies, refer to Note 1 Des cription of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 For our over time customers, we believe the measure of progress which best depicts the transfer of control is based on costs incurred to date, relative to total estimated cost at completion (i.e., an input method). This method is a faithful depiction of the transfer of goods or services because it results in the recognition of revenue on the basis of our to-date efforts in the satisfaction of a performance obligation relative to the total expected efforts in the satisfaction of the performance obligation. We believe that the use of an input method best depicts the transfer of control to the customer, which occurs as we incur costs on our contracts. The transaction price of each performance obligation is generally based upon the contractual standalone selling price of the product or service. 
 Inventory Valuation 
 We purchase inventory based on forecasted demand and record inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Management regularly assesses inventory valuation based on current and forecasted usage, customer inventory-related contractual obligations, and other lower of cost and net realizable value considerations. If actual market conditions or our customers product demands are less favorable than those projected, additional valuation adjustments may be necessary. 
 Long-Lived Assets 
 We have recorded intangible assets, including goodwill, in connection with business acquisitions. Estimated useful lives of amortizable intangible assets are determined by management based on an assessment of the period over which the asset is expected to contribute to future cash flows. The fair value of acquired amortizable intangible assets impacts the amounts recorded as goodwill. We review amortizable intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 
 We perform a goodwill impairment analysis on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We may elect to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit is impaired. If the qualitative assessment is not performed or if we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value, the recoverability of goodwill is measured at the reporting unit level by comparing the reporting unit s carrying amount, including goodwill, to the fair value of the reporting unit. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, goodwill is considered impaired, and a loss is recognized in the amount equal to that excess. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 For further discussion related to impairment analyses performed during fiscal year 2024, and performed in connection with the divestiture of the Mobility Business, refer to Note 6 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets and Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Income Taxes 
 We estimate our income tax provision in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate, a process that includes estimating exposures related to examinations by taxing authorities. We must also make judgments regarding the ability to realize deferred tax assets. The carrying value of our net deferred tax assets is based on our belief that it is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient future taxable income in certain jurisdictions to realize these deferred tax assets. A valuation allowance has been established for deferred tax assets that we do not believe meet the more likely than not criteria. We assess whether an uncertain tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return meets the threshold for recognition and measurement in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our judgments regarding future taxable income as well as tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return may change due to changes in market conditions, changes in tax laws or other factors. If our assumptions and consequently our estimates change in the future, the valuation allowances and/or tax reserves established may be increased or decreased, resulting in a respective increase or decrease in income tax expense. For further discussion related to our income taxes, refer to Note 16 Income Taxes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 S ee Note 20 New Accounting Guidance to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting guidance. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Refer to Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" section contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year en ded August 31, 2023, for the results of operations discussion for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 . 
 Net Revenue 
 Generally, we assess revenue on a global customer basis regardless of whether the growth is associated with organic growth or as a result of an acquisition. Accordingly, we do not differentiate or separately report revenue increases generated by acquisitions as opposed to existing business. In addition, the added cost structures associated with our acquisitions have historically been relatively insignificant when compared to our overall cost structure. 
 The distribution of revenue across our segments has fluctuated, and will continue to fluctuate, as a result of numerous factors, including the following: fluctuations in customer demand; efforts to diversify certain portions of our business; business growth from new and existing customers; specific product performance; and any potential termination, or substantial winding down, of significant customer relationships. 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, Change (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Net revenue 28,883 34,702 33,478 (16.8) 3.7 
 2024 vs. 2023 
 Net revenue decreased during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023. Specifically, the EMS segment net revenue decreased 18 primarily due to: (i) a 9 decrease in revenues from existing customers within our 5G, wireless, and cloud business, primarily driven by the continued transitioning to a customer-controlled consignment model in our cloud business during fiscal year 2024, (ii) a 4 decrease in revenues from existing customers within our industrial and semi-capital equipment business, (iii) a 3 decrease in revenues from existing customers within our digital print and retail business, and (iv) a 2 decrease in revenues from existing customers within our networking and storage business. The DMS segment net revenue decreased 16 due to: (i) a 13 decrease primarily driven by the divestiture of the Mobility Business, (ii) a 3 decrease in revenues from existing customers within our connected devices business, and (iii) a 1 decrease in revenues from existing customers within our healthcare and packaging business. The decrease is partially offset by a 1 increase in revenues from existing customers within our automotive and transportation business. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 On December 29, 2023, we completed the sale of the Mobility Business. See Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, revenue by segment expressed as a percentage of net revenue: 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 EMS 48 48 50 DMS 52 52 50 Total 100 100 100 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, foreign source revenue expressed as a percentage of net revenue: 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2024 (1) 
 2023 2022 Foreign source revenue 82.5 85.8 83.9 
 (1) Decrease from prior periods is driven by the divestiture of the Mobility Business during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024. See Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Gross Profit 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Gross profit 2,676 2,867 2,632 Percent of net revenue 9.3 8.3 7.9 
 2024 vs. 2023 
 Gross profit as a percentage of net revenue increased for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, primarily due to product mix and depreciation and amortization for long-lived assets related to the Mobility Business divestiture no longer being recorded while these assets were classified as held for sale. 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, Change (in millions) 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Selling, general and administrative 
 1,160 1,206 1,154 (46) 52 
 2024 vs. 2023 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023. The decrease is primarily due to lower salary and salary related expenses. 
 Research and Development 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Research and development 39 34 33 Percent of net revenue 0.1 0.1 0.1 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 2024 vs. 2023 
 Research and development expenses remained consistent as a percent of net revenue during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023. 
 Amortization of Intangibles 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, Change (in millions) 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Amortization of intangibles 40 33 34 7 (1) 
 2024 vs. 2023 
 Amortization of intangibles increased during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, primarily due to amortization related to the Green Point trade name, which was reclassified to a definite-lived intangible asset during fiscal year 2024. The increase is partially offset by certain intangible assets that were fully amortized during fiscal year 2023. 
 Restructuring, Severance, and Related Charges 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, Change (in millions) 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Restructuring, severance and related charges 296 57 18 239 39 
 2024 vs. 2023 
 Restructuring, severance and related charges increased during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, primarily due to charges related to the 2024 Restructuring Plan. 
 2024 Restructuring Plan 
 On September 26, 2023, our Board of Directors approved a restructuring plan to (i) realign our cost base for stranded costs associated with the sale and realignment of the Mobility Business and (ii) optimize our global footprint. This action includes headcount reductions across our Selling, General and Administrative SG A cost base and capacity realignment (the 2024 Restructuring Plan ). 
 The 2024 Restructuring Plan, totaling approximately 300 million in pre-tax restructuring and other related costs, was substantially complete as of August 31, 2024. 
 2025 Restructuring Plan 
 On September 24, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a restructuring plan to align our support infrastructure to further optimize organizational effectiveness. This action includes headcount reductions across our SG A and manufacturing cost base and capacity realignment (the 2025 Restructuring Plan ). The 2025 Restructuring Plan reflects our intention only and restructuring decisions, including the timing of such decisions, at certain locations remain subject to consultation with the Company s employees and their representatives. 
 Based on the analysis done to date, we currently expect to recognize approximately 150 million to 200 million in pre-tax restructuring and other related costs over the course of our 2025 fiscal year. The charges relating to the 2025 Restructuring Plan are currently expected to result in net cash expenditures of approximately 100 million to 130 million that will be payable over the course of our fiscal years 2025 and 2026. The exact timing of these charges and cash outflows, as well as the estimated cost ranges by category type, have not been finalized. This information will be subject to the finalization of timetables for the transition of functions, consultation with employees and their representatives as well as the statutory severance requirements of the jurisdictions impacted, and the amount and timing of the actual charges may vary due to a variety of factors. Our estimates for the charges discussed above exclude any potential income tax effects. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 See Note 15 Restructuring, Severance and Related Charges to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of restructuring, severance and related charges. 
 Gain from the Divestiture of Businesses 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, Change (in millions) 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Gain from the divestiture of businesses (942) (942) 
 In the second quarter of fiscal year 2024, we completed the divestiture of the Mobility Business. As a result of the transaction, we recorded a pre-tax gain of 942 million, subject to certain post-closing adjustments that are still being finalized. 
 See Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Acquisition and Divestiture Related Charges 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, Change (in millions) 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Acquisition and divestiture related charges 70 70 
 Acquisition and divestiture related charges recorded during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, primarily related to transaction and disposal costs incurred in connection with the divestiture of the Mobility Business. 
 See Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, Change (in millions) 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Loss on debt extinguishment 4 (4) 
 2024 vs. 2023 
 There were no losses on extinguishment of debt during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, and 2023. 
 Other Expense 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, Change (in millions) 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Other expense 
 89 69 12 20 57 
 2024 vs. 2023 
 Other expense increased during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, due to an increase in fees primarily due to higher interest rates on our trade accounts receivable sales programs and global asset-backed securitization program, as well as higher utilization of our global asset-backed securitization program. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Expense, net 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, Change (in millions) 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Interest expense, net 173 206 146 (33) 60 
 2024 vs. 2023 
 Interest expense, net decreased during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, due to lower borrowings primarily on our credit facilities and commercial paper program. The decrease is partially offset by an increase due to higher interest rates primarily on our credit facilities and commercial paper program. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, Change 2024 2023 2022 2024 vs. 2023 2023 vs. 2022 Effective income tax rate 20.7 35.2 19.1 (14.5) 16.1 
 2024 vs. 2023 
 The effective income tax rate decreased for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, primarily due to: (i) the gain from the divestiture of the Mobility Business and corresponding 58 million of income tax expense for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, and (ii) an income tax expense of 146 million related to a change in the indefinite reinvestment assertion associated with the divestiture of the Mobility Business for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023. These decreases were partially offset by a change in the jurisdictional mix of earnings, driven in part by restructuring charges, for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024. 
 
 Non-GAAP (Core) Financial Measures 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations include certain non-GAAP financial measures as identified in the reconciliation below. The non-GAAP financial measures disclosed herein do not have standard meaning and may vary from the non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies or how we may calculate those measures in other instances from time to time. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Also, our core financial measures should not be construed as an inference by us that our future results will be unaffected by those items that are excluded from our core financial measures. 
 Management believes that the non-GAAP core financial measures set forth below are useful to facilitate evaluating the past and future performance of our ongoing manufacturing operations over multiple periods on a comparable basis by excluding the effects of the amortization of intangibles, stock-based compensation expense and related charges, restructuring, severance and related charges, distressed customer charges, loss on disposal of subsidiaries, settlement of receivables and related charges, impairment of notes receivable and related charges, goodwill impairment charges, business interruption and impairment charges, net, gain from the divestiture of businesses, acquisition and divestiture related charges, loss on debt extinguishment, (gain) loss on securities, income (loss) from discontinued operations, gain (loss) on sale of discontinued operations and certain other expenses, net of tax and certain deferred tax valuation allowance charges. Among other uses, management uses non-GAAP core financial measures to make operating decisions, assess business performance and as a factor in determining certain employee performance when evaluating incentive compensation. 
 In fiscal year 2023, the Company adopted an annual normalized tax rate normalized core tax rate for the computation of the non-GAAP (core) income tax provision to provide better consistency across reporting periods. In estimating the normalized core tax rate annually, the Company utilizes a full-year financial projection of core earnings that considers the mix of earnings across tax jurisdictions, existing tax positions, and other significant tax matters. The Company may adjust the normalized core tax rate during the year for material impacts from new tax legislation or material changes to the Company s operations. 
 Prior to fiscal year 2023, the Company determined the tax effect of the items included and excluded from core earnings quarterly. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 We are reporting core operating income, core earnings and cash flows to provide investors with an additional method for assessing operating income and earnings, by presenting what we believe are our core manufacturing operations. A significant portion (based on the respective values) of the items that are excluded for purposes of calculating core operating income and core earnings also impacted certain balance sheet assets, resulting in a portion of an asset being written off without a corresponding recovery of cash we may have previously spent with respect to the asset. In the case of restructuring, severance and related charges, we may make associated cash payments in the future. In addition, although, for purposes of calculating core operating income and core earnings, we exclude stock-based compensation expense (which we anticipate continuing to incur in the future) because it is a non-cash expense, the associated stock issued may result in an increase in our outstanding shares of stock, which may result in the dilution of our stockholders ownership interest. We encourage you to consider these matters when evaluating the utility of these non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Adjusted free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less net capital expenditures (acquisition of property, plant and equipment less proceeds and advances from the sale of property, plant and equipment). We report adjusted free cash flow as we believe this non-GAAP financial measure is useful to investors in measuring our ability to generate cash internally and fund future growth and to provide a return to shareholders. 
 Included in the tables below are a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures as provided in our Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Refer to Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" section contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023 for the non-GAAP financial measures discussion for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022. 
 Reconciliation of U.S. GAAP Financial Results to Non-GAAP Measures Fiscal Year Ended August 31, (in millions, except for per share data) 2024 2023 2022 Operating income (U.S. GAAP) 
 2,013 1,537 1,393 Amortization of intangibles 40 33 34 Stock-based compensation expense and related charges 89 95 81 Restructuring, severance and related charges (1) 
 296 57 18 Net periodic benefit cost (2) 
 6 11 17 Business interruption and impairment charges, net (3) 
 16 Gain from the divestiture of businesses (4) 
 (942) Acquisition and divestiture related charges (4) 
 70 Adjustments to operating income (425) 196 150 Core operating income (Non-GAAP) 1,588 1,733 1,543 Net income attributable to Jabil Inc. (U.S. GAAP) 
 1,388 818 996 Adjustments to operating income (425) 196 150 Loss on debt extinguishment 4 Net periodic benefit cost (2) 
 (6) (11) (17) Adjustment for taxes (5) 
 99 169 (28) Core earnings (Non-GAAP) 1,056 1,172 1,105 Diluted earnings per share (U.S. GAAP) 
 11.17 6.02 6.90 Diluted core earnings per share (Non-GAAP) 
 8.49 8.63 7.65 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding (U.S. GAAP and Non-GAAP) 124.3 135.9 144.4 
 
 (1) Charges recorded during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, related to the 2024 Restructuring Plan. Charges recorded during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, related to headcount reduction to further optimize our business activities. 
 (2) Pension service cost is recognized in cost of revenue and all other components of net periodic benefit cost, including return on plan assets, are presented in other expense. We are reclassifying the pension components in other expense to core operating income as we assess operating performance, inclusive of all components of net periodic benefit cost, with the related revenue. There is no impact to core earnings or diluted core earnings per share for this adjustment. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 (3) Charges recorded during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, related to costs associated with product quality liabilities, which is classified as a component of cost of revenue and selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (4) We completed the divestiture of our Mobility Business and recorded a pre-tax gain of 942 million, subject to certain post-closing adjustments that are still being finalized. We incurred 70 million of acquisition and divestiture related charges during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, primarily related to the divestiture of our Mobility Business. 
 (5) The majority of the adjustment for taxes for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, was driven by income tax expense associated with the divestiture of the Mobility Business. The adjustment for taxes for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, primarily related to a change in the indefinite reinvestment assertion associated with operations that were classified as held for sale. 
 
 Adjusted Free Cash Flow 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, (in millions) 2024 2023 2022 Net cash provided by operating activities (U.S. GAAP) 
 1,716 1,734 1,651 Acquisition of property, plant and equipment PP E (1) 
 (784) (1,030) (1,385) Proceeds and advances from sale of PP E (1) 
 123 322 544 Adjusted free cash flow (Non-GAAP) 1,055 1,026 810 
 (1) Certain customers co-invest in PP E with us. As we acquire PP E, we recognize the cash payments in acquisition of PP E. When our customers reimburse us and obtain control, we recognize the cash receipts in proceeds and advances from the sale of PP E. 
 
 Quarterly Results (Unaudited) 
 The following table sets forth certain unaudited quarterly financial information for the three months ended August 31, 2024, and 2023. In the opinion of management, this information has been presented on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere, and all necessary adjustments (consisting primarily of normal recurring accruals) have been included in the amounts stated below to present fairly the unaudited quarterly results when read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto. The operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period. 
 Three Months Ended (in millions, except for per share data) August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Net revenue 6,964 8,458 Gross profit 663 766 Operating income 
 318 441 Net income attributable to Jabil Inc. 
 138 155 Earnings per share basic 
 1.20 1.18 Earnings per share diluted 
 1.18 1.15 
 
 Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 Acquisitions 
 On November 1, 2023, we completed the acquisition of ProcureAbility Inc. ProcureAbility for approximately 60 million in cash. ProcureAbility is a procurement services provider specializing in technology-enabled advisory, managed services, digital, staffing, and recruiting solutions. 
 The acquisition of ProcureAbility was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. Assets acquired of 87 million, including 40 million in intangible assets and 38 million in goodwill, and liabilities assumed of 26 million were recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The preliminary estimates and measurements are subject to change during the measurement period for assets acquired, liabilities assumed and tax adjustments. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities was recorded to goodwill and was fully allocated to the DMS segment. The majority of the goodwill is currently not expected to be deductible for income tax 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 purposes. The results of operations were included in our condensed consolidated financial results beginning on November 1, 2023. Pro forma information has not been provided as the acquisition of ProcureAbility is not deemed to be significant. 
 On October 1, 2024, we completed the acquisition of Mikros Technologies LLC for consideration transferred of 62 million. Mikros Technologies LLC is a leader in the engineering and manufacturing of liquid cooling solutions for thermal management. The final purchase price is subject to adjustment based on conditions within the purchase agreement. 
 Divestitures 
 We announced on September 26, 2023, that, through our indirect subsidiary, Jabil Circuit (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., a Singapore private limited company Singapore Seller ), we agreed to sell the Mobility Business to an affiliate of BYDE for cash consideration of approximately 2.2 billion, subject to certain customary purchase price adjustments. 
 As of August 31, 2023, we determined the Mobility Business met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. Accordingly, we presented the assets and liabilities of the Mobility Business as held for sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2023. Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale had a carrying value less than the estimated fair value less cost to sell and, thus, no adjustment to the carrying value of the disposal group was necessary. Depreciation and amortization expense for long-lived assets was not recorded for the period in which these assets were classified as held for sale. The divestiture did not meet the criteria to be reported as discontinued operations, and we continued to report the operating results for the Mobility Business in our Consolidated Statements of Operations in the DMS segment until the Closing Date (defined below). 
 On December 29, 2023, (the Closing Date ), we completed the sale of the Mobility Business. As a result of the transaction, we derecognized net assets of approximately 1.2 billion and recorded a pre-tax gain of 942 million, subject to certain post-closing adjustments that are still being finalized. In addition, we agreed to indemnify BYDE from certain liabilities that may arise post-close that relate to periods prior to the Closing Date. We incurred transaction and disposal costs in connection with the sale of approximately 67 million during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, which are included in continuing operations in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 We perform a goodwill impairment analysis on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. In connection with the preparation of the Company s financial statements for the quarter ended February 29, 2024, we completed an impairment analysis for goodwill recorded within the reporting unit impacted by the divestiture of the Mobility Business. The quantitative assessment was used, and we determined that the fair value of the impacted reporting unit exceeded the carrying value and that no impairment existed immediately prior to or subsequent to divesting the Mobility Business. We allocated goodwill to the disposal group based on the relative fair value of the Mobility Business as compared to the impacted reporting unit. 
 In the second quarter of fiscal year 2024 and in connection with the divestiture of the Mobility Business, we made a strategic decision that the indefinite-lived Green Point trade name valued at 51 million acquired during the acquisition of Green Point should no longer be classified as an indefinite-lived intangible asset. Accordingly, prior to reclassifying the trade name to a finite-lived intangible asset, we completed a quantitative assessment for impairment and determined the fair value of the asset exceeded the carrying value. The trade name was assigned a two-year estimated useful life and is being amortized on a straight-line basis as of the Closing Date. 
 Refer to Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures to the Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We believe that our level of liquidity sources, which includes cash on hand, available borrowings under our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper program, additional proceeds available under our global asset-backed securitization program and under our uncommitted trade accounts receivable sale programs, cash flows provided by operating activities, and access to the capital markets will be adequate to fund our capital expenditures, the payment of any declared quarterly dividends, any share repurchases under the approved program, any potential acquisitions, our working capital requirements and our contractual obligations for the next 12 months and beyond. We continue to assess our capital structure and evaluate the merits of redeploying available cash. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 As of August 31, 2024, we had approximately 2.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents, of which a significant portion was held by our foreign subsidiaries. Most of our foreign cash and cash equivalents as of August 31, 2024, could be repatriated to the United States without potential tax expense. 
 Notes Payable and Credit Facilities 
 Following is a summary of principal debt payments and debt issuance for our notes payable and credit facilities: 
 (in millions) 4.900 Senior Notes 3.950 Senior Notes 3.600 Senior Notes 3.000 Senior Notes 1.700 Senior Notes 4.250 Senior Notes 5.450 Senior Notes Borrowings under 
 revolving credit 
 facilities (1)(2) 
 Borrowings under loans Total notes payable and credit facilities Balance as of August 31, 2022 
 300 497 496 592 497 493 2,875 Borrowings 298 3,749 4,047 Payments (300) (3,747) (4,047) Other 1 1 2 (2) (2) Balance as of August 31, 2023 
 497 496 593 498 495 296 2,875 Borrowings 1,992 1,992 Payments (1,992) (1,992) Other 1 1 1 1 1 5 Balance as of August 31, 2024 
 498 497 594 499 496 296 2,880 Maturity Date Jul 14, 2023 Jan 12, 2028 Jan 15, 2030 Jan 15, 2031 Apr 15, 2026 May 15, 2027 Feb 1, 2029 Jan 22, 2026 and Jan 22, 2028 Jul 31, 2026 Original Facility/ Maximum Capacity 300 million 500 million 500 million 600 million 500 million 500 million 300 million 4.0 billion (2) 
 1 million 
 
 (1) On February 23, 2024, we entered into an amendment (the Amendment to our senior unsecured credit agreement dated as of January 22, 2020 (as amended, the Credit Facility ). The Amendment, among other things, (i) instituted certain amendments to the sustainability-linked adjustments to the interest rates applicable to borrowings under the three-year revolving credit facility (the Three-Year Revolving Credit Facility and the five-year revolving credit facility (the Five-Year Revolving Credit Facility and (ii) extended the termination date of the Three-Year Revolving Credit Facility (with respect to the available commitments of the extending lenders) to January 22, 2026, and of the Five-Year Revolving Credit Facility (with respect to the available commitments of the extending lenders) to January 22, 2028, in each case subject to an additional one-year extension at the option of the Company. 
 (2) As of August 31, 2024, we had 4.0 billion in available unused borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facilities. The Credit Facility acts as the back-up facility for commercial paper outstanding, if any. We have a borrowing capacity of up to 3.2 billion under our commercial paper program. Commercial paper borrowings with an original maturity of 90 days or less are recorded net within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and have been excluded from the table above. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we have letters of credit and surety bonds with banks and insurance companies outstanding of 58 million as of August 31, 2024. Unused letters of credit were 60 million as of August 31, 2024. Letters of credit and surety bonds are generally available for draw down in the event we do not perform. 
 We have a shelf registration statement with the SEC registering the potential sale of an indeterminate amount of debt and equity securities in the future to augment our liquidity and capital resources. 
 Our Senior Notes and our credit facilities contain various financial and nonfinancial covenants. A violation of these covenants could negatively impact our liquidity by restricting our ability to borrow under the notes payable and credit facilities and potentially causing acceleration of amounts due under these notes payable and credit facilities. As of August 31, 2024, and 2023, we were in compliance with our debt covenants. Refer to Note 7 Notes Payable and Long-Term Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Global Asset-Backed Securitization Program 
 Certain Jabil entities participating in the global asset-backed securitization program continuously sell designated pools of trade accounts receivable to a special purpose entity, which in turn sells certain of the receivables at a discount to conduits administered by an unaffiliated financial institution on a monthly basis. In addition, a foreign entity participating in the global asset-backed securitization program sells certain receivables at a discount to conduits administered by an unaffiliated financial institution on a daily basis. 
 We continue servicing the receivables sold and in exchange receive an immaterial servicing fee under the global asset-backed securitization program. We do not record a servicing asset or liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as we estimate that the fee we receive to service these receivables approximates the fair market compensation to provide the servicing activities. 
 The special purpose entity in the global asset-backed securitization program is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and is included in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Certain unsold receivables covering up to the maximum amount of net cash proceeds available under the domestic, or U.S., portion of the global asset-backed securitization program are pledged as collateral to the unaffiliated financial institution as of August 31, 2024. 
 The global asset-backed securitization program expires on November 25, 2024. Effective February 20, 2024, the terms of the global asset-backed securitization program were amended to increase the maximum amount of net cash proceeds available at any one time from 600 million to 700 million. During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, we sold 4.0 billion of trade accounts receivable, and we received cash proceeds of 4.0 billion. As of August 31, 2024, we had no available liquidity under our global asset-backed securitization program. 
 The global asset-backed securitization program requires compliance with several covenants including compliance with the interest ratio and debt to EBITDA ratio of the Credit Facility. As of August 31, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants under our global asset-backed securitization program. Refer to Note 8 Asset-Backed Securitization Programs to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on the programs. 
 Trade Accounts Receivable Sale Programs 
 Following is a summary of the trade accounts receivable sale programs with unaffiliated financial institutions. Under the programs we may elect to sell receivables, and the unaffiliated financial institutions may elect to purchase, at a discount, on an ongoing basis (in millions): 
 Program Maximum Amount (1) 
 Type of Facility Expiration Date A 
 350 Uncommitted 
 (2) 
 B 
 120 Uncommitted 
 (2) 
 C 
 1,900 CNY 
 Uncommitted 
 (2) 
 D 
 150 Uncommitted 
 May 4, 2028 (2) 
 E 
 170 Uncommitted 
 (3) 
 F 
 50 Uncommitted 
 (3) 
 G 
 100 Uncommitted 
 (2) 
 H 
 800 Uncommitted 
 (2) 
 I 
 250 Uncommitted 
 (2) 
 J 
 8,100 INR 
 Uncommitted 
 (2) 
 K 
 100 Uncommitted 
 (2) 
 L 
 75 Uncommitted 
 January 23, 2025 (2) 

(1) Maximum amount of trade accounts receivable that may be sold under a facility at any one time. 
 (2) Any party may elect to terminate the agreement upon 30 days prior notice. 
 (3) Any party may elect to terminate the agreement upon 15 days prior notice. 
 During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, we sold 8.2 billion of trade accounts receivable under these programs and we received cash proceeds of 8.2 billion. As of August 31, 2024, we had up to 1.7 billion in available liquidity under our trade accounts receivable sale programs. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 The following table sets forth selected consolidated cash flow information (in millions): 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 1,716 1,734 1,651 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 1,351 (723) (858) Net cash used in financing activities 
 (2,668) (680) (888) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 (2) (5) 6 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 397 326 (89) 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, was primarily due to non-cash expenses and net income, a decrease in inventories and an increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities. Net cash provided by operating activities was partially offset by an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets, an increase in accounts receivable and an increase in contract assets. The decrease in inventories is primarily due to higher consumption of inventory to support sales and improved working capital management. The increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities is primarily due to the timing of purchases and cash payments. The increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets is primarily due to the timing of payments. The increase in accounts receivable is primarily driven by the timing of collections. The increase in contract assets is primarily due to timing of revenue recognition for the over time customers. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash provided by investing activities during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, consisted primarily of proceeds from the divestiture of our Mobility Business and proceeds and advances from the sale of property, plant and equipment, partially offset by capital expenditures, principally to support ongoing business in the DMS and EMS segments and the acquisition of ProcureAbility and certain other third-party assets. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, was primarily due to (i) the repurchase of our common stock under our share repurchase authorization, (ii) payments for debt agreements, (iii) treasury stock minimum tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock, and (iv) dividend payments. Net cash used in financing activities was partially offset by (i) borrowings under debt agreements and (ii) net proceeds from the exercise of stock options and issuance of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 For Fiscal Year 2025, we anticipate our net capital expenditures to be in the range of 1.5 percent to 2.0 percent of net revenue. In general, our capital expenditures support ongoing maintenance in our Regulated Industries, Intelligent Infrastructure, and Connected Living and Digital Commerce segments and investments in capabilities and targeted end markets. The amount of actual capital expenditures may be affected by general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, and regulatory factors, among other things. 
 Dividends and Share Repurchases 
 Following is a summary of the dividends and share repurchases for the fiscal years indicated below (in millions): 
 Dividends Paid (1) 
 Share Repurchases (2) 
 Total Fiscal years 2016 2021 
 333 1,896 2,229 Fiscal year 2022 48 696 744 Fiscal year 2023 45 487 532 Fiscal year 2024 42 2,500 2,542 Total 468 5,579 6,047 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 (1) The difference between dividends declared and dividends paid is due to dividend equivalents for unvested restricted stock units that are paid at the time the awards vest. 
 (2) Excludes commissions and excise taxes. 
 We currently expect to continue to declare and pay regular quarterly dividends in amounts similar to our past declarations. However, the declaration and payment of future dividends are discretionary and will be subject to determination by our Board of Directors each quarter following its review of our financial performance and global economic conditions. 
 We repurchase shares of our common stock under share repurchase programs authorized by our Board of Directors. The following Board approved share repurchase programs were executed through a combination of open market transactions and accelerated share repurchase ASR agreements (in millions): Board Approval Date Amount Authorized Shares Repurchased Total Cash Utilized Remaining Authorization Authorization Completion Date 2022 Share Repurchase Program Q4 FY 2021 1,000 16.5 1,000 Q2 FY 2023 2023 Share Repurchase Program Q1 FY 2023 1,000 2.7 224 (1) 
 Q4 FY 2023 Amended 2023 Share Repurchase Program Q1 FY 2024 2,500 20.4 2,500 Q1 FY 2025 2025 Share Repurchase Program (2) 
 Q1 FY 2025 1,000 0.7 84 916 
 (1) In September 2023, the Board of Directors amended and increased the 2023 Share Repurchase Program to allow for the repurchase of up to 2.5 billion of our common stock. 
 (2) As of October 21, 2024, 0.7 million shares had been repurchased for 84 million and 916 million remains available under the 2025 Share Repurchase Program. 
 Under ASR agreements, we make payments to the participating financial institutions and receive an initial delivery of shares of common stock. The final number of shares delivered upon settlement of the ASR agreements is determined based on a discount to the volume weighted average price of our common stock during the term of the agreements. At the time the shares are received by the Company, the initial delivery and the final receipt of shares upon settlement of the ASR agreements results in an immediate reduction of the outstanding shares used to calculate the weighted-average common shares outstanding for basic and diluted earnings per share. 
 The terms of ASR agreements, structured as outlined above, were as follows (in millions, except average price): Agreement Execution Date Agreement Settlement Date Agreement Amount Initial Shares Delivered Additional Shares Delivered Total Shares Delivered Average Price Paid Per Share Q1 FY 2024 Q1 FY 2024 500 3.3 0.6 3.9 128.61 Q4 FY 2024 Q1 FY 2025 555 4.2 1.0 5.2 107.08 
 
 In addition, we repurchased shares of our common stock through the open market as follows (in millions): 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Shares Cost Shares Cost Shares Cost Open market share repurchases 11.3 1,445 6.7 487 11.8 696 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Our contractual obligations as of August 31, 2024, are summarized below. As disclosed below, while we have certain non-cancelable purchase order obligations for property, plant and equipment, we generally do not enter into non-cancelable purchase orders for materials until we receive a corresponding purchase commitment from our customer. Non-cancelable purchase orders do not typically extend beyond the normal lead time of several weeks, at most. Purchase orders beyond this time frame are typically cancellable. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Payments due by period (in millions) Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years After 5 years Notes payable and long-term debt 2,880 995 794 1,091 Future interest on notes payable and long-term debt (1) 
 424 102 187 103 32 Operating lease obligations (2) 
 425 106 144 89 86 Finance lease obligations (2)(3)(4) 
 398 129 147 31 91 Non-cancelable purchase order obligations (5) 
 466 265 151 50 Pension and postretirement contributions and payments (6) 
 64 31 6 6 21 Other (7) 
 17 7 10 Total contractual obligations (8) 
 4,674 640 1,640 1,073 1,321 
 
 (1) Consists of interest on notes payable and long-term debt outstanding as of August 31, 2024. 
 (2) Excludes 25 million of payments related to leases signed but not yet commenced. Additionally, certain leases signed but not yet commenced contain residual value guarantees and purchase options not deemed probable. 
 (3) Includes 124 million of payments related to a lease with a variable interest entity VIE ), for which the Company is not the primary beneficiary. This is also the Company s maximum exposure to loss related to the VIE. 
 (4) Excludes 274 million of residual value guarantees that could potentially come due in future periods. The Company does not believe it is probable that any amounts will be owed under these guarantees. Therefore, no amounts related to the residual value guarantees are included in the lease payments used to measure the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. 
 (5) Consists of purchase commitments entered into as of August 31, 2024, primarily for property, plant and equipment and software pursuant to legally enforceable and binding agreements. 
 (6) Includes the estimated company contributions to funded pension plans during fiscal year 2025 and the expected benefit payments for unfunded pension and postretirement plans from fiscal years 2025 through 2034. These future payments are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets but will be recorded as incurred. 
 (7) Consists of 17 million related to the one-time transition tax as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 that will be paid in annual installments through fiscal year 2026. 
 (8) As of August 31, 2024, we have 99 million recorded as a long-term liability for uncertain tax positions. In addition, we agreed to indemnify BYDE from certain liabilities that may arise post-close that relate to periods prior to the Closing Date. We are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of payments, or the amount by which our liability for these uncertain tax positions will increase or decrease over time, and accordingly, this liability has been excluded from the above table. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risks 
 We transact business in various foreign countries and are, therefore, subject to risk of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We enter into forward foreign exchange contracts to economically hedge transactional exposure associated with commitments arising from trade accounts receivable, trade accounts payable, intercompany transactions, and fixed purchase obligations denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the respective operating entity. We do not, and do not intend to use, derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. All derivative instruments are recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at their respective fair values. 
 Forward foreign exchange contracts will generally expire in less than three months and are primarily denominated in Chinese yuan renminbi, Euro, Malaysian Ringgit, Mexican peso and Swiss franc. The change in fair value related to contracts designated as accounting cash flow hedging instruments is initially reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI and subsequently reclassified to the revenue or expense line in which the underlying transaction occurs within our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The change in fair value related to contracts designated as accounting net investment hedging instruments is included in change in foreign currency translation in OCI to offset the change in the carrying value of the net investment being hedged until the complete or substantially complete liquidation of the hedged foreign operation. The change in fair value related to contracts not designated as accounting hedging instruments will be reflected in cost of revenue within our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Based on our overall currency rate exposures as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively, including the derivative financial instruments intended to hedge the nonfunctional currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities, an immediate 10 hypothetical change of foreign currency exchange rates would not have a material effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 11 Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our exposure to market risk includes changes in interest rates that could affect the Consolidated Balance Sheet, Consolidated Statements of Operations, and the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. We are exposed to interest rate risk primarily on intra-quarter variable rate borrowings under the Credit Facility and our commercial paper program. There were no borrowings outstanding under debt facilities with variable interest rates as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively. 
 We utilize valuation models to estimate the effects of sudden interest rate changes. A hypothetical 100-basis-point change in the interest rates under the Credit Facility and our commercial paper program would not have a material effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements . See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources and Note 7 Notes Payable and Long-Term Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our outstanding debt obligations. 
 The Company periodically enters into interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk associated with the Company s borrowings or anticipated debt issuances. As of August 31, 2024, there are no outstanding interest rate swaps. See Note 11 Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities for additional information regarding interest rate risk management. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Certain information required by this item is included in Item 7 of Part II of this Report under the heading Quarterly Results and is incorporated into this item by reference. All other information required by this item is included in Item 15 of Part IV of this Report and is incorporated into this item by reference. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 There have been no changes in or disagreements with our accountants on accounting and financial disclosure. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We carried out an evaluation required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act (the Evaluation ), under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act as of August 31, 2024. Based on the Evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our senior management, including our CEO and CFO, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024. Management s report on internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, is incorporated herein at Item 15. Ernst Young LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, issued an audit report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, which is incorporated herein at Item 15. 
 Our management, including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls may be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. 
 The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing limitations on the effectiveness of controls, we have reached the conclusions set forth in Management s report on internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 For our fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2024, we did not identify any modifications to our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 During the three months ended August 31, 2024, no director or executive officer of the Company or a trading arrangement intended to satisfy the affirmative defenses of Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information regarding our executive officers is included in Item 1 of Part I of this Report under the heading Information about our Executive Officers. 
 The other information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Election of Directors , Corporate Governance , Board of Directors and Audit Committee Matters in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 Proxy Statement ). 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Compensation Matters , Board of Directors Director Compensation and Corporate Governance Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in our Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Beneficial Ownership Share Ownership by Principal Stockholders and Management and Compensation Matters Equity Compensation Plan Information in our Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Corporate Governance Related Party Transactions Certain Related Party Transactions , Corporate Governance Determinations of Director Independence in our Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Audit Committee Matters Principal Accounting Fees and Services , Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit, Audit-Related and Permissible Non-Audit Services and Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our Proxy Statement. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 
 1. Financial Statements. Our consolidated financial statements, and related notes thereto, with the independent registered public accounting firm reports thereon are included in Part IV of this report on the pages indicated by the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedule . Our financial statement schedule is included in Part IV of this report on the page indicated by the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule. This financial statement schedule should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, and related notes thereto. 
 Schedules not listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or the information required to be set forth therein is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits . See Item 15(b) below. 
 (b) Exhibits . The following exhibits are included as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Report. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules . See Item 15(a) above. 
 EXHIBIT LIST 
 Incorporated by Reference Herein Exhibit No. Description Form Exhibit Filing Date/ Period End 3.1 Registrant s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended. 
 10-Q 3.1 5/31/2017 3.2 Registrant s Amended and Restated Bylaws . 
 8-K 3.1 10/23/2024 4.1 Form of Certificate for Shares of the Registrant s Common Stock. (P) S-1 1 3/17/1993 4.2 Indenture, dated January 16, 2008, with respect to Senior Debt Securities of the Registrant, between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor in interest to The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (formerly known as The Bank of New York Trust) Company, N.A.), as trustee. 
 8-K 4.2 1/17/2008 4.3 Form of 4.250 Registered Senior Notes due 2027 (included as Exhibit A to the Officers Certificate filed herewith as Exhibit 4.9). 
 8-K 4.1 5/4/2022 4.4 Form of 5.450 Senior Notes due 2029 (included as Exhibit A to the Officers Certificate filed herewith as Exhibit 4.10). 
 8-K 4.1 4/13/2023 4.5 Officers Certificate, dated as of January 17, 2018, establishing the 3.950 Senior Notes due 2028. 
 8-K 4.1 1/17/2018 4.6 Officers Certificate, dated as of January 15, 2020, establishing the 3.600 Senior Notes due 2030. 
 8-K 4.1 1/15/2020 4.7 Officers Certificate, dated as of July 13, 2020, establishing the 3.000 Senior Notes due 2031. 
 8-K 4.1 7/13/2020 4.8 Officers Certificate, dated as of April 14, 2021, establishing the 1.700 Senior Notes due 2026. 
 8-K 4.1 4/14/2021 4.9 Officers Certificate, dated as of May 4, 2022, establishing the 4.250 Senior Notes due 2027. 
 8-K 4.1 5/4/2022 4.10 Officers Certificate, dated as of April 13, 2023, establishing the 5.450 Senior Notes due 2029. 
 8-K 4.1 4/13/2023 4.11 Description of Jabil Securities. 
 10-K 4.9 8/31/2021 10.1 Restated cash or deferred profit sharing plan under section 401(k). (P) S-1 3/3/1993 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 10.2 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and its Officers and Directors. (P) S-1 3/3/1993 10.3 Jabil Inc. 2011 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended. 
 14A B 12/9/2020 10.4 Jabil Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 14A A 12/9/2020 10.4a Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (PBRSU EPS Executive). 
 10-Q 10.1 11/30/2021 10.4b Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (PBRSU TSR Executive). 
 10-Q 10.2 11/30/2021 10.4c Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (TBRSU-NON-Employee Director). 
 10-Q 10.3 11/30/2021 10.4d Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (TBRSU Executive). 
 10-Q 10.5 11/30/2021 10.4e Form of Jabil Inc. Two-Year Cliff Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (TBRSU Global Executive). 
 10-Q 10.1 5/31/2022 10.4f Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (PBRSU EPS Executive). 
 10-Q 10.1 11/30/2022 10.4g Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (PBRSU TSR Executive). 
 10-Q 10.2 11/30/2022 10.4h Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (TBRSU Executive). 
 10-Q 10.3 11/30/2022 10.4i Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (TBRSU-NON-Employee Director). 
 10-Q 10.4 11/30/2022 10.4j Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (TBRSU-Cash-Settled-NON-Employee Director). 
 10-Q 10.5 11/30/2022 10.4k Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (PBRSU EPS Executive). 
 10-Q 10.1 11/30/2023 10.4l Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (PBRSU TSR Executive). 
 10-Q 10.2 11/30/2023 10.4m Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (TBRSU Executive). 
 10-Q 10.3 11/30/2023 10.4n Form of Jabil Inc. Two-Year Cliff Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (TBRSU Executive). 
 10-Q 10.4 11/30/2023 10.4o Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (TBRSU-NON-Employee Director). 
 10-Q 10.5 11/30/2023 10.4p Form of Jabil Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (TBRSU-Cash-Settled-NON-Employee Director). 
 10-Q 10.6 11/30/2023 10.5 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 S-8 4.1 2/25/2011 10.6 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement dated as of February 23, 2024 among Jabil Inc.; the lenders named therein; Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent; Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and Citibank, N.A., as sustainability agents; JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Bank of America, N.A., as co-syndication agents; BNP Paribas, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as documentation agents; and Citibank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners. 
 8-K 10.1 2/26/2024 10.7 Agreement for the Sale and Purchase of Shares in Juno Newco Target Holdco Singapore Pte. Ltd. and certain Assets of Jabil Circuit (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., dated as of September 26, 2023, by and between BYD Electronic (International) Company Limited and Jabil Circuit (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., a Singapore private limited company. 
 10-K 10.9 8/31/2023 10.8 Mutual Separation Agreement and Release dated as of August 21, 2023, between Jabil Inc. and Steven Borges. 
 8-K 10.1 8/25/2023 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 10.9 Separation, Release and Restrictive Covenants Agreement between Kenneth S. Wilson and Jabil Inc. dated May 19, 2024. 
 8-K 10.1 5/20/2024 10.10 Amendment to Mutual Separation Agreement and Release dated as of May 19, 2024 between Jabil Inc. and Steven D. Borges. 
 8-K 10.2 5/20/2024 10.11 Mutual Separation Agreement and Release dated May 24, 2024, between Jabil Inc. and Gerald JJ Creadon. 
 8-K 10.1 5/31/2024 19.1 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (See Signature page). 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant. 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant. 
 97.1 Executive Compensation Recoupment (Clawback) Policy. 
 101 The following financial information from Jabil s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended August 31, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Stockholders Equity for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the inline XBRL Document in Exhibit 101). 
 Indicates management compensatory plan, contract of arrangement. Filed or furnished herewith. Certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. Jabil agrees to furnish supplementally an unredacted copy of the exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 Portions of the exhibit have been omitted. An unredacted copy of the agreement and a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 Certain instruments with respect to long-term debt of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries are not filed herewith pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K since the total amount of securities authorized under each such instrument does not exceed 10 of the total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. The Company agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the SEC upon request. 

52 

Table of Contents 

 JABIL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 54 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Ernst Young LLP; PCAOB ID : 
 55 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets August 31, 2024 and 2023 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations Fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 , 2023, a nd 2022 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 , 2023, and 2022 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 , 2023, an d 2022 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 , 2023, a nd 2022 
 62 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 63 
 Financial Statement Schedule: Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 97 

53 

Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Management of Jabil Inc. (the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Under the supervision of and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the Company s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024. Management based this assessment on the framework as established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management s assessment included an evaluation of the design of the Company s internal control over financial reporting and testing of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. 
 Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of August 31, 2024, the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting. 
 Ernst Young LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting which follows this report. 
 October 28, 2024 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Jabil Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Jabil Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Jabil Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a), and our report dated October 28, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Tampa, Florida 
 October 28, 2024 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Jabil Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Jabil Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at August 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated October 28, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Uncertain Tax Positions Description of the Matter As disclosed in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company operates in a complex multinational tax environment and is subject to laws and regulations in various jurisdictions. Uncertain tax positions may arise from interpretations and judgments made by the Company in the application of the relevant statutes, regulations, tax rulings and case law across various jurisdictions. The Company uses significant judgment in (1) determining whether the technical merits of tax positions taken in various jurisdictions are more-likely-than-not to be sustained based on applicable tax law and (2) measuring the related amount of tax benefit that qualifies for recognition. 
 
 Auditing the tax positions was challenging because the recognition and measurement of the uncertain tax positions is judgmental and is based on interpretations of statutes, regulations, tax rulings and case law across various jurisdictions. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We identified and tested internal controls over the Company s process to monitor and assess the technical merits of tax positions taken in various jurisdictions. We also identified and tested controls over the Company s process to determine the application of the relevant statutes, regulations, tax rulings and case law, including management s process to recognize and measure the related tax positions. 
 
 In testing the recognition and measurement criteria, we involved tax professionals to assist in assessing the technical merits of the Company s tax positions. In addition, we used our knowledge of and experience with the application of domestic and international income tax laws by the relevant tax authorities to evaluate the Company s accounting for those tax positions. We also assessed the Company s assumptions and data used to measure the amount of tax benefit that qualifies for recognition and tested the clerical accuracy of the calculations. Lastly, we evaluated the Company s income tax disclosures included in Note 16 in relation to the Company s uncertain tax positions. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 
 
 October 28, 2024 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

JABIL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except for share data) August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses Contract assets Inventories, net of reserve for excess and obsolete inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Assets held for sale Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization Deferred income taxes Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Current installments of notes payable and long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued expenses Current operating lease liabilities Liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities Notes payable and long-term debt, less current installments Other liabilities Non-current operating lease liabilities Income tax liabilities Deferred income taxes Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies par value, authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, authorized shares; and shares issued and and shares outstanding at August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Treasury stock at cost, and shares as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Total Jabil Inc. stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 JABIL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in millions, except for per share data) 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Net revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Research and development Amortization of intangibles Restructuring, severance and related charges Gain from the divestiture of businesses ) Acquisition and divestiture related charges Operating income 
 Loss on debt extinguishment Other expense 
 Interest expense, net Income before income tax Income tax expense 
 Net income 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax 
 Net income attributable to Jabil Inc. 
 Earnings per share attributable to the stockholders of Jabil Inc.: 
 Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 JABIL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in millions) 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Net income 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income: Change in foreign currency translation ) ) Change in derivative instruments ) Actuarial (loss) gain 
 ) ) Prior service (cost) credit 
 ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income 
 ) ) Comprehensive income 
 Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 Comprehensive income attributable to Jabil Inc. 
 
 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 JABIL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in millions) 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Total stockholders equity, beginning balances 
 Common stock: Additional paid-in capital: 
 Beginning balances 
 Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) Treasury shares purchased ) Recognition of stock-based compensation 
 Ending balances 
 Retained earnings: 
 Beginning balances 
 Declared dividends 
 ) ) ) Net income attributable to Jabil Inc. 
 Ending balances 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss: 
 Beginning balances 
 ) ) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income 
 ) ) Ending balances 
 ) ) ) Treasury stock: 
 Beginning balances 
 ) ) ) Purchases of treasury stock under employee stock plans 
 ) ) ) Treasury shares purchased 
 ) ) ) Excise taxes related to treasury shares purchased ) ) Ending balances 
 ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests: 
 Beginning balances 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax 
 Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) Ending balances 
 Total stockholders equity, ending balances 
 
 See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 JABIL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 2022 Cash flows provided by operating activities: 
 Net income 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Restructuring and related charges ) Recognition of stock-based compensation expense and related charges 
 Deferred income taxes ) ) Gain from the divestiture of businesses ) Other, net ) Change in operating assets and liabilities, exclusive of net assets acquired: 
 Accounts receivable ) ) Contract assets ) ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Other assets ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities: 
 Acquisition of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds and advances from sale of property, plant and equipment Cash paid for business and intangible asset acquisitions, net of cash ) ) ) Proceeds from the divestiture of businesses Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 ) ) Cash flows used in financing activities: 
 Borrowings under debt agreements Payments toward debt agreements ) ) ) Payments to acquire treasury stock ) ) ) Dividends paid to stockholders ) ) ) Net proceeds from exercise of stock options and issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan 
 Treasury stock minimum tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock 
 ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities 
 ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure information: Interest paid, net of capitalized interest Income taxes paid, net of refunds received See accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 JABIL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 See Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 year to years. These costs, which are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, generally represent upfront costs incurred to prepare for manufacturing activities. 
 The Company assesses the capitalized fulfillment costs for impairment at the end of each reporting period. The Company will recognize an impairment loss to the extent the carrying amount of the capitalized costs exceeds the recoverable amount. Recoverability is assessed by considering the capitalized fulfillment costs in relation to the forecasted profitability of the related manufacturing performance obligations. 
 As of August 31, 2024, and 2023, capitalized costs to fulfill were million and million, respectively. Amortization of fulfillment costs were million, million, and million during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Immaterial impairments for fulfillment costs were recognized during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, the Company had million of capitalized fulfillment costs which were disposed of as part of the divestiture of the Mobility Business. See Note 17 - Business Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. 
 
 years 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of lease term or useful life of the improvement Machinery and equipment to years 
 Furniture, fixtures and office equipment years Computer hardware and software to years 
 Transportation equipment years 
 Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or retired is removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as a component of operating income. 
 year to years. Leases for other classes of assets are not significant. For any leases with an initial term in excess of 12 months, the Company determines whether an arrangement is a lease at contract inception by evaluating if the contract conveys the right to use and control the specific property or equipment. Certain lease agreements contain purchase or renewal options. These options are included in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. Generally, the Company s lease agreements do not contain material restrictive covenants. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

65 

Table of Contents 

See Note 11 Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities for additional information. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, of components included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets, related to purchases made to procure components for customers whereby the associated revenue is expected to be accounted for on a net basis once transferred to the customer. 
 Taxes collected from the Company s customers and remitted to governmental authorities are presented within the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations on a net basis and are excluded from the transaction price. The Company has elected to account for shipping and handling activities related to contracts with customers as costs to fulfill the promise to transfer the goods. Accordingly, the Company records customer payments of shipping and handling costs as a component of net revenue and classifies such costs as a component of cost of revenue. 
 of the performance goal, which is the intended outcome at the grant date. Throughout the requisite service period, management monitors the probability of achievement of the performance condition. If it becomes probable, based on the Company s performance, that more or less than the current estimate of the awarded shares will vest, an adjustment to stock-based compensation expense will be recognized as a change in accounting estimate in the period that such probability changes. 
 The stock-based compensation expense for market-based restricted stock units is measured at fair value on the date of grant. The market conditions are considered in the grant date fair value using a Monte Carlo valuation model, which utilizes multiple input variables to determine the probability of the Company achieving the specified market conditions. Stock-based compensation expense related to an award with a market condition will be recognized over the requisite service period regardless of whether the market condition is satisfied, provided that the requisite service period has been completed. 
 The Company currently expects to satisfy share-based awards with registered shares available to be issued. 
 See Note 13 Stockholders Equity for further discussion of stock-based compensation expense. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Uncommitted 
 (2) 
 B 
 Uncommitted 
 (2) 
 C 
 CNY 
 Uncommitted 
 (2) 
 D 
 Uncommitted 
 May 4, 2028 (2) 
 E 
 Uncommitted 
 (3) 
 F 
 Uncommitted 
 (3) 
 G 
 Uncommitted 
 (2) 
 H 
 Uncommitted 
 (2) 
 I 
 Uncommitted 
 (2) 
 J 
 INR 
 Uncommitted 
 (2) 
 K 
 Uncommitted 
 (2) 
 L 
 Uncommitted 
 January 23, 2025 (2) 

(1) Maximum amount of trade accounts receivable that may be sold under a facility at any one time. 
 (2) Any party may elect to terminate the agreement upon days prior notice. 
 days prior notice. 
 Cash proceeds received Pre-tax losses on sale of receivables (1) 

(1) Recorded to other expense within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 3. 
 Work in process Finished goods Reserve for excess and obsolete inventory ) ) Inventories, net 
 (1) Excludes million of inventories, net classified as held for sale. See Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 Buildings Leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Furniture, fixtures and office equipment Computer hardware and software Transportation equipment Construction in progress Property, plant and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Property, plant and equipment, net 
 (1) Excludes million of property, plant and equipment, net classified as held for sale. See Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. 
 Maintenance and repair expense 
 As of August 31, 2024, and 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, included in accounts payable for the acquisition of property, plant, and equipment, which is considered a non-cash investing activity in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 5. 
 Finance lease assets (2) 
 Property, plant and equipment, net Total lease assets Liabilities Current Operating lease liabilities Current operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Accrued expenses Non-current Operating lease liabilities Non-current operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Other liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 
 (1) Excludes operating lease and finance lease assets and liabilities classified as held for sale. See Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. 
 (2) Net of accumulated amortization of million and million as of August 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Finance lease cost Amortization of leased assets Interest on lease liabilities Net lease cost (1)(2) 

(1) Lease costs are primarily recognized in cost of revenue. 
 (2) Excludes immaterial amounts of short term leases, variable lease costs and sublease income. 
 The following table is a summary of the weighted-average remaining lease terms and weighted-average discount rates of the Company's leases, as of the periods indicated: 
 August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Weighted-average remaining lease term Weighted-average discount rate Weighted-average remaining lease term Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases years years Finance leases years years 
 The following table sets forth other supplemental information related to the Company's lease portfolio (in millions): 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2024 2023 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows for operating leases (1) 
 Operating cash flows for finance leases (1) 
 Financing activities for finance leases (2) 
 Non-cash right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 (1) Included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in Operating Activities of the Company's Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 2029 
 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 (1) Excludes million of payments related to leases signed but not yet commenced. Additionally, certain leases signed but not yet commenced contain residual value guarantees and purchase options not deemed probable. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 million lease liability related to a lease with a variable interest entity VIE ), for which the Company is not the primary beneficiary. The Company s maximum exposure to loss related to the VIE is million. 
 (3) Excludes million of residual value guarantees that could potentially come due in future periods. The Company does not believe it is probable that any amounts will be owed under these guarantees. Therefore, no amounts related to the residual value guarantees are included in the lease payments used to measure the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. 
 
 6. 
 impairment existed as of the date of the impairment analysis. In connection with the divestiture of the Company s Mobility Business, the Company performed an impairment analysis for goodwill recorded within the reporting unit impacted by the divestiture and the indefinite-lived Green Point trade name during the second quarter of fiscal year 2024. See Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. 
 Acquisitions and adjustments Change in foreign currency exchange rates Goodwill classified as held for sale ) ) Balance as of August 31, 2023 
 Acquisitions and adjustments Change in foreign currency exchange rates Balance as of August 31, 2024 
 
 The following table is a summary of the Company s gross goodwill balances and accumulated impairments as of the periods indicated (in millions): 
 August 31, 2024 August 31, 2023 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Impairment Gross 
 Carrying 
 Amount (1) 
 Accumulated Impairment Goodwill 
 
 (1) Excludes million of goodwill classified as held for sale. See Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. 
 ) ) Intellectual property ) ) Finite-lived trade names (1) 
 ) ) Trade names (1) 
 Indefinite Total intangible assets ) ) 
 
 (1) In the second quarter of fiscal year 2024 and in connection with the divestiture of the Mobility Business, the Company made a strategic decision that the indefinite-lived Green Point trade name acquired during the acquisition of Green Point should no longer be classified as an indefinite-lived intangible asset. See Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million, respectively. 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 2029 
 Thereafter Total 
 
 7. 
 Senior Notes (1)(2) 
 Jan 12, 2028 Senior Notes (1)(2) 
 Jan 15, 2030 Senior Notes (1)(2) 
 Jan 15, 2031 Senior Notes (1)(2) 
 Apr 15, 2026 Senior Notes (1)(2) 
 May 15, 2027 Senior Notes (1)(2)(3) 
 Feb 1, 2029 Borrowings under credit facilities (4)(5) 
 Jan 22, 2026 and Jan 22, 2028 Borrowings under loans Jul 31, 2026 Total notes payable and long-term debt Less current installments of notes payable and long-term debt 
 Notes payable and long-term debt, less current installments 

(1) The notes are carried at the principal amount of each note, less any unamortized discount and unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 (2) The Senior Notes are the Company s senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with all other existing and future senior unsecured debt obligations. 
 (3) On April 13, 2023, the Company issued million of publicly registered Senior Notes due 2029 (the Senior Notes ). The Company used the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including, together with available cash, repayment of the million aggregate principal amount of the Company s Senior Notes due in July 2023. 
 (4) On February 23, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment (the Amendment to its senior unsecured credit agreement dated as of January 22, 2020 (as amended, the Credit Facility ). The Amendment, among other things, (i) instituted certain amendments to the sustainability-linked adjustments to the interest rates applicable to borrowings under the Company s revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility and the Company s revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility and (ii) extended the termination date of the Revolving Credit Facility (with respect to the available commitments of the extending lenders) to January 22, 2026, and of the Revolving Credit Facility (with respect to the available commitments of the extending lenders) to January 22, 2028, in each case subject to an additional extension at the option of the Company. 
 (5) As of August 31, 2024, the Company has billion in available unused borrowing capacity under its revolving credit facilities. The Credit Facility acts as the back-up facility for commercial paper outstanding, if any. The Company has a borrowing capacity of up to billion under its commercial paper program. 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company has letters of credit and surety bonds with banks and insurance companies outstanding of million as of August 31, 2024. Unused letters of credit were million as of August 31, 2024. Letters of credit and surety bonds are generally available for draw down in the event the Company does not perform. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 2029 
 Thereafter Total 
 Debt Covenants 
 Borrowings under the Company s debt agreements are subject to various covenants that limit the Company s ability to: incur additional indebtedness, sell assets, effect mergers and certain transactions, and effect certain transactions with subsidiaries and affiliates. In addition, the revolving credit facilities contain debt leverage and interest coverage covenants. The Company is also subject to certain covenants requiring the Company to offer to repurchase the , , , , or Senior Notes upon a change of control. As of August 31, 2024, and 2023, the Company was in compliance with its debt covenants. 
 Fair Value 

8. 
 million to million. As of August 31, 2024, the Company had available liquidity under its global asset-backed securitization program. 
 Transfers of the receivables under the asset-backed securitization programs are accounted for as sales and, accordingly, net receivables sold under the asset-backed securitization programs are excluded from accounts receivable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are reflected as cash provided by operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Cash proceeds received (1) 
 Pre-tax losses on sale of receivables (2) 

(1) The amounts primarily represent proceeds from collections reinvested in revolving-period transfers. 
 (2) Recorded to other expense within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The global asset-backed securitization program requires compliance with several covenants including compliance with the interest ratio and debt to EBITDA ratio of the Credit Facility. As of August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the global asset-backed securitization program. 
 
 9. 
 Contract liabilities (2) 
 Accrued compensation and employee benefits Other accrued expenses Accrued expenses 
 
 (1) Excludes million of accrued expenses classified as held for sale. See Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. 
 (2) Revenue recognized during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024 and 2023 that was included in the contract liability balance as of August 31, 2023, and 2022 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 10. 
 service period preceding retirement and length of employee service. The Company s policy is to contribute amounts sufficient to meet minimum funding requirements as set forth in UK employee benefit and tax laws plus such additional amounts as are deemed appropriate by the Company. 
 The Company also has a qualified defined benefit pension plan for employees in Switzerland (the Switzerland plan ). The Switzerland plan provides benefits based on average employee earnings over an approximately service period preceding retirement and length of employee service. The Company s policy is to contribute amounts sufficient to meet minimum funding requirements as set forth in Switzerland employee benefit and tax laws plus such additional amounts as are deemed appropriate by the Company. 
 Additionally, as a result of acquiring various other operations in Europe, Asia and Mexico the Company assumed both qualified and unfunded nonqualified retirement benefits covering eligible employees who meet age and service requirements (the other plans ). 
 The UK plan, Switzerland plan, and other plans are collectively referred to herein as the plans. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial loss (gain) 
 ) Settlements paid from plan assets (1) 
 ) ) Total benefits paid ) ) Plan participants contributions Plan amendments Effect of conversion to U.S. dollars Ending PBO Change in plan assets Beginning fair value of plan assets Actual return on plan assets ) Settlements paid from plan assets (1) 
 ) ) Employer contributions Benefits paid from plan assets ) ) Plan participants contributions Effect of conversion to U.S. dollars Ending fair value of plan assets Funded status Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Accrued benefit liability, current Accrued benefit asset, noncurrent Accumulated other comprehensive loss (2) 
 Actuarial gain, before tax 
 ) ) Prior service cost, before tax 

(1) The settlements recognized during fiscal years 2024 and 2023 relate primarily to the Switzerland plan. 
 (2) The Company anticipates amortizing million and million, before tax, of net actuarial gain and prior service cost balances, respectively, to net periodic cost in fiscal year 2025. 
 Accumulated Benefit Obligation 
 Plans with ABO in excess of plan assets ABO Fair value of plan assets Plans with PBO in excess of plan assets PBO Fair value of plan assets 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Interest cost (2) 
 Expected long-term return on plan assets (2) 
 ) ) ) Recognized actuarial gain (2) 
 ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial gains (2)(3) 
 ) ) ) Net settlement loss (2) 
 Amortization of prior service costs (2) 
 Net periodic benefit cost 

(1) Service cost is recognized in cost of revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (2) Components are recognized in other expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (3) Actuarial gains and losses are amortized using a corridor approach. The gain/loss corridor is equal to percent of the greater of the projected benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. Gains and losses in excess of the corridor are generally amortized over the average future working lifetime of the plan participants. 
 Assumptions 
 Rate of compensation increase Discount rate PBO: Expected long-term return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase Discount rate (2) 

(1) The expected return on plan assets assumption used in calculating net periodic benefit cost is based on historical return experience and estimates of future long-term performance with consideration to the expected investment mix of the plan. 
 (2) The discount rate is used to state expected cash flows relating to future benefits at a present value on the measurement date. This rate represents the market rate for high-quality fixed income investments whose timing would match the cash outflow of retirement benefits. Other assumptions include demographic factors such as retirement, mortality and turnover. 
 Plan Assets 
 The Company has adopted an investment policy for a majority of plan assets, which was set by plan trustees who have the responsibility for making investment decisions related to the plan assets. The plan trustees oversee the investment allocation, including selecting professional investment managers and setting strategic targets. The investment objectives for the assets are (1) to acquire suitable assets that hold the appropriate liquidity in order to generate income and capital growth that, along with new contributions, will meet the cost of current and future benefits under the plan, (2) to limit the risk of the plan assets from failing to meet the plan liabilities over the long-term, and (3) to minimize the long-term costs under the plan by maximizing the return on the plan assets. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 equity and debt securities in fiscal year 2025. 
 Fair Value 
 Equity Securities: Global equity securities (2)(3) 
 Level 2 Debt Securities: Corporate bonds (3) 
 Level 2 Government bonds (3) 
 Level 2 Other Investments: Insurance contracts (4) 
 Level 3 Fair value of plan assets 

(1) Carrying value approximates fair value. 
 (2) Investments in equity securities by companies incorporated, listed or domiciled in developed and/or emerging market countries. 
 (3) Investments in global equity securities, corporate bonds, government securities and government bonds are valued using the quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics. 
 (4) Consist of an insurance contract that guarantees the payment of the funded pension entitlements, as well as provides a profit share to the Company. The profit share in this contract is not based on actual investments, but, instead on a notional investment portfolio that is expected to return a pre-defined rate. Insurance contract assets are recorded at fair value and is determined based on the cash surrender value of the insured benefits which is the present value of the guaranteed funded benefits. Insurance contracts are valued using unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs), primarily by discounting expected future cash flows relating to benefits paid from a notional investment portfolio in order to determine the cash surrender value of the policy. The unobservable inputs consist of estimated future benefits to be paid throughout the duration of the policy and estimated discount rates, which both have an immaterial impact on the fair value estimate of the contract. 
 Cash Flows 
 million and million to its funded pension plans during fiscal year 2025. The estimated future benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, are as follows (in millions): 
 Fiscal Year Ended August 31, Amount 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 2029 
 2030 through 2034 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 -day period of service through a 401(k) plan that provides a matching contribution by the Company. The Company also has defined contribution benefit plans for certain of its international employees. The Company contributed approximately million, million and million for defined contribution plans for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 
 11. 
 million and million, respectively. The anticipated foreign currency denominated revenues and expenses being hedged are expected to occur between September 1, 2024, and August 31, 2025. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 In addition, the Company has entered into forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge a portion of its net investment in foreign currency denominated operations, which are designated as net investment hedges. The effective portion of the gain or loss is included in change in foreign currency translation in OCI to offset the change in the carrying value of the net investment being hedged until the complete or substantially complete liquidation of the hedged foreign operation. The gains and losses recognized in earnings due to hedge ineffectiveness and the amounts excluded from effectiveness testing are included in interest expense, net. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 October 2023 January 2024 April 2024 July 2024 October 2024 January 2025 July 2025 January 2026 Total 
 Non-Designated Derivatives 
 In addition to derivatives that are designated as hedging instruments and qualify for hedge accounting, the Company also enters into forward foreign exchange contracts to economically hedge transactional exposure associated with commitments arising from trade accounts receivable, trade accounts payable, fixed purchase obligations and intercompany transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the respective operating entity. The gains and losses from changes in fair values are recognized immediately in current earnings. The aggregate notional amount of these outstanding contracts as of August 31, 2024, and 2023, was billion and billion, respectively. 
 The Effect of Derivative Instruments on AOCI and the Consolidated Statements of Operations) ) Losses (gains) reclassified from AOCI into earnings (1)(2) 
 Forward foreign exchange contracts Cost of revenue Interest rate contracts Interest expense, net ) ) Derivative instruments designated as net investment hedges: Losses recognized in OCI (1) 
 ) ) Gains reclassified from AOCI into earnings (1) 
 Gain from the divestiture of businesses ) Derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments: Gains (losses) recognized in earnings from forward foreign exchange contracts Cost of revenue ) ) (Losses) gains recognized in earnings from changes in foreign currency Cost of revenue ) 
 
 (1) Amounts are net of tax, which are immaterial for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022. 
 million into earnings during the next twelve months, which will primarily be classified as a component of cost of revenue. 
 The gains and losses recognized in earnings due to amounts excluded from effectiveness testing were not material for all periods presented. 
 Refer to Note 18 Fair Value Measurements for the fair values and classification of the Company s derivative instruments. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Senior Notes in April 2023, the Company settled cash flow hedges with an aggregate notional amount of million and million, with effective dates of May 2021 and August 2022, respectively. The cash received for the cash flow hedges at settlement was million. The settled cash flow hedges are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a component of AOCI and are amortized to interest expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of August 31, 2024, there are no outstanding interest rate swaps. 
 Contemporaneously with the issuance of the Senior Notes in April 2022, the Company settled cash flow hedges with an aggregate notional amount of million and million, with effective dates of November 2020 and March 2022, respectively. The cash received for the cash flow hedges at settlement was million. The settled cash flow hedges are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a component of AOCI and are amortized to interest expense, net in the Statements of Operations. 
 Contemporaneously with the issuance of the Senior Notes in July 2020, the Company amended interest rate swap agreements with a notional amount of million, with mandatory termination dates from August 15, 2020, through February 15, 2022 (the 2020 Extended Interest Rate Swaps ). In addition, the Company entered into interest rate swaps to offset future exposures of fluctuations in the fair value of the 2020 Extended Interest Rate Swaps (the Offsetting Interest Rate Swaps ). The change in fair value of the 2020 Extended Interest Rate Swaps and Offsetting Interest Rate Swaps was recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations through the maturity date of February 15, 2022, as an adjustment to interest expense, net. 
 
 12.) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) 
 ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) 
 ) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) (1) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Balance as of August 31, 2024 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 (1) Amounts are net of tax, which are immaterial.) Realized (gains) losses on pension and postretirement plans: Actuarial gains 
 (2) 
 ) ) ) Prior service costs 
 (2) 

(1) Amounts are net of tax, which are immaterial for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
 (2) Amounts are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost. Refer to Note 10 Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits for additional information. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

13. 
 Employee stock purchase plan Total 
 (1) During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, the Company recorded a million reversal to stock-based compensation expense primarily due to forfeitures of time-based, performance-based and market-based restricted stock awards. 
 Equity Compensation Plan 
 The 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 EIP provides for the grant of restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards and other stock-based awards. The maximum aggregate number of shares that are available for issuance under the 2021 EIP is . 
 Restricted stock units granted, net of forfeitures (1) 
 ) Balance as of August 31, 2024 

(1) Represents the maximum number of shares that can be issued based on the achievement of certain performance criteria. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Certain key employees have been granted time-based, performance-based and market-based restricted stock units. The time-based restricted stock units granted generally vest on a graded vesting schedule over . The performance-based restricted stock units generally vest on a cliff vesting schedule over and up to a maximum of , depending on the specified performance condition and the level of achievement obtained. The performance-based restricted stock units have a vesting condition that is based upon the Company s cumulative adjusted core earnings per share during the performance period. The market-based restricted stock units generally vest on a cliff vesting schedule over and up to a maximum of , depending on the specified performance condition and the level of achievement obtained. The market-based restricted stock units have a vesting condition that is tied to the Company s total shareholder return based on the Company s stock performance in relation to the companies in the Standard and Poor s (S P) Super Composite Technology Hardware and Equipment Index excluding the Company. 
 Changes during the period Shares granted (1) 
 Shares vested ) Shares forfeited ) Outstanding as of August 31, 2024 

82 

Table of Contents 

 million time-based restricted stock units, million performance-based restricted stock units and million market-based restricted stock units based on target performance criteria. 
 Tax benefit for stock compensation expense (1) 
 Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense restricted stock units Remaining weighted-average period for restricted stock units expense years 
 
 (1) Classified as income tax expense within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The maximum aggregate number of shares available for issuance under the 2011 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP is . 
 Employees are eligible to participate in the ESPP after days of employment with the Company. The ESPP permits eligible employees to purchase common stock through payroll deductions, which may not exceed of an employee s compensation, as defined in the ESPP, at a price equal to of the fair value of the common stock at the beginning or end of the offering period, whichever is lower. The ESPP is intended to qualify under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. As of August 31, 2024, shares remained available for issue under the 2011 ESPP. 
 Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility (1) 
 Expected life years years years 
 
 (1) The expected volatility was estimated using the historical volatility derived from the Company s common stock. 
 Dividends 
 November 15, 2023 December 4, 2023 January 25, 2024 February 15, 2024 March 4, 2024 April 17, 2024 May 15, 2024 June 4, 2024 July 18, 2024 August 15, 2024 September 4, 2024 Fiscal Year 2023 
 October 20, 2022 November 15, 2022 December 2, 2022 January 26, 2023 February 15, 2023 March 2, 2023 April 20, 2023 May 15, 2023 June 2, 2023 July 20, 2023 August 15, 2023 September 5, 2023 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan 
 Vesting of restricted stock 
 Purchases of treasury stock under employee stock plans 
 ) ) ) Treasury shares purchased ) ) ) Ending balances 
 
 Treasury Shares Purchased 
 Q2 FY 2023 2023 Share Repurchase Program Q1 FY 2023 (1) 
 Q4 FY 2023 Amended 2023 Share Repurchase Program Q1 FY 2024 Q1 FY 2025 2025 Share Repurchase Program (2) 
 Q1 FY 2025 
 (1) In September 2023, the Board of Directors amended and increased the 2023 Share Repurchase Program to allow for the repurchase of up to billion of the Company s common stock. 
 (2) As of October 21, 2024, million shares had been repurchased for million and million remains available under the 2025 Share Repurchase Program. 
 Under ASR agreements, the Company makes payments to the participating financial institutions and receives an initial delivery of shares of common stock. The final number of shares delivered upon settlement of the ASR agreements is determined based on a discount to the volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock during the term of the agreements. At the time the shares are received by the Company, the initial delivery and the final receipt of shares upon settlement of the ASR agreements results in an immediate reduction of the outstanding shares used to calculate the weighted-average common shares outstanding for basic and diluted earnings per share. 
 Q4 FY 2024 Q1 FY 2025 

14. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 of its net revenue and 88 customers accounted for approximately of its net revenue. As the Company is a provider of manufacturing services and solutions and products are built based on customer specifications, it is impracticable to provide revenues from external customers for each product and service. 

(1) Sales to this customer were reported in the DMS operating segment. 
 The Company procures components from a broad group of suppliers. Some of the products manufactured by the Company require one or more components that are available from only a single source. 
 Segment Data 
 Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenues and incur expenses; for which separate financial information is available; and whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker CODM to assess the performance of the individual segment and make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment. 
 The Company derives its revenue from providing comprehensive electronics design, production and product management services. The CODM evaluates performance and allocates resources on a segment basis. The Company s operating segments consist of segments EMS and DMS, which are also the Company s reportable segments. The segments are organized based on the economic profiles of the services performed, including manufacturing capabilities, market strategy, margins, return on capital, and risk profiles. 
 The EMS segment is focused on leveraging IT, supply chain design and engineering, technologies largely centered on core electronics, utilizing the Company s large scale manufacturing infrastructure and the ability to serve a broad range of end markets. The EMS segment is a high-volume business that produces product at a quicker rate (i.e. cycle time) and in larger quantities and includes customers primarily in the 5G, wireless and cloud, digital print and retail, industrial and semi-capital equipment, and networking and storage industries. 
 The DMS segment is focused on providing engineering solutions, with an emphasis on material sciences, technologies and healthcare. The DMS segment includes customers primarily in the automotive and transportation, connected devices, and healthcare and packaging industries. The DMS segment included the results of the Mobility Business prior to the closing of its sale on December 29, 2023. 
 Beginning September 1, 2024, the Company reorganized its internal structure to focus on speed, precision, and solutions and as a result of the organizational realignment, the Company will report its business in the following segments: Regulated Industries, Intelligent Infrastructure, and Connected Living and Digital Commerce. The Regulated Industries segment is focused on regulated markets and includes revenues from customers primarily in the automotive and transportation, healthcare and packaging, and renewable energy infrastructure industries. The Intelligent Infrastructure segment is focused on the modern digital ecosystem including artificial intelligence AI infrastructure and includes revenues from customers primarily in the capital equipment, cloud and data center infrastructure, and networking and communications industries. The Connected Living and Digital Commerce segment is focused on digitalization and automation, including warehouse automation and robotics, and includes revenues from customers primarily in the connected living and digital commerce industries. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Over time Total 
 
 DMS Total segment income Reconciling items: Amortization of intangibles ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense and related charges ) ) ) Restructuring, severance and related charges (1) 
 ) ) ) Business interruption and impairment charges, net (2) 
 ) Gain from the divestiture of businesses (3) 
 Acquisition and divestiture related charges (3) 
 ) Loss on debt extinguishment ) Other expense (net of periodic benefit cost) ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Income before income tax 
 (1) Charges recorded during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, related to the 2024 Restructuring Plan. Charges recorded during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023, related to headcount reduction to further optimize the Company s business activities. 
 (2) Charges recorded during the fiscal year August 31, 2024, related to costs associated with product quality liabilities, which is classified as a component of cost of revenue and selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (3) The Company completed the divestiture of its Mobility Business and recorded a pre-tax gain of million, subject to certain post-closing adjustments that are still being finalized. The Company incurred million of acquisition and 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 DMS Assets held for sale (1) 
 Other non-allocated assets Total 
 The Company operates in more than countries worldwide. For geographical reporting, sales to unaffiliated customers are attributed to the Company location that maintains the customer relationship and transacts the external sale. Long-lived assets consist of property, plant and equipment, net and right-of-use assets and are attributed to the Company location in which they are located. 
 China (1) 
 Singapore (2) 
 Malaysia Other 
 Total Foreign U.S. 
 Total 
 Amount was less than 10 of total. 
 (1) Excludes long-lived assets of million classified as held for sale as of August 31, 2023. See Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. 
 (2) Decrease in net revenue for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, is driven by the divestiture of the Mobility Business. See Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. 
 
 15. 
 Lease costs Asset write-off costs Other costs Total restructuring, severance and related charges (3) 

(1) Primarily relates to the 2024 Restructuring Plan. 
 (2) Primarily relates to headcount reduction to further optimize the Company's business activities. 
 (3) Includes million, million and million recorded in the EMS segment, million, million and million recorded in the DMS segment and million, million and million of non-allocated charges for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Except for asset write-off costs, all restructuring, severance and related charges are cash costs. 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 million in pre-tax restructuring and other related costs, is substantially complete as of August 31, 2024. 
 Restructuring related charges Asset write-off charge and other non-cash activity ) ) ) Cash payments ) ) ) ) Balance as of August 31, 2024 
 
 2025 Restructuring Plan 
 On September 24, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors approved a restructuring plan to align our support infrastructure to further optimize organizational effectiveness. This action includes headcount reductions across our SG A and manufacturing cost base and capacity realignment (the 2025 Restructuring Plan ). The 2025 Restructuring Plan reflects the Company s intention only and restructuring decisions, and the timing of such decisions, at certain locations are still subject to consultation with the Company s employees and their representatives. 
 The Company currently expects to recognize approximately million to million in pre-tax restructuring and other related costs over the course of the Company s 2025 fiscal year. The charges relating to the 2025 Restructuring Plan are currently expected to result in net cash expenditures of approximately million to million that will be payable over the course of the Company s fiscal years 2025 and 2026. The exact timing of these charges and cash outflows, as well as the estimated cost ranges by category type, have not been finalized. This information will be subject to the finalization of timetables for the transition of functions, consultation with employees and their representatives as well as the statutory severance requirements of the jurisdictions impacted, and the amount and timing of the actual charges may vary due to a variety of factors. The Company s estimates for the charges discussed above exclude any potential income tax effects. 
 
 16.) ) ) Foreign Total 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Domestic - state Foreign Total current Deferred: Domestic - federal ) ) Domestic - state ) Foreign 
 ) Total deferred ) ) Total income tax expense 
 
 State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit ) Impact of foreign tax rates (1) 
 ) ) Permanent differences ) Income tax credits (1) 
 ) ) ) Valuation allowance (2) 
 ) Equity compensation ) ) Impact of intercompany charges and dividends ) Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income Change in indefinite reinvestment assertion (3) 
 Divestiture of the Mobility Business ) Other, net ) Effective income tax rate 
 (1) The Company has been granted tax incentives for various subsidiaries in China, Malaysia, Singapore, Vietnam, Brazil, and Israel, which primarily expire at various dates through fiscal year 2030 and are subject to certain conditions with which the Company expects to comply. These tax incentives resulted in a tax benefit of approximately million per basic weighted average shares outstanding), million per basic weighted average shares outstanding) and million per basic weighted average shares outstanding) during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, the valuation allowance change was primarily due to the change in deferred tax assets for sites with existing valuation allowances and an income tax expense of million for an increase in the U.S. valuation allowance on deferred tax assets previously recognized. This impact was partially offset by a million decrease in deferred tax assets with a corresponding valuation allowance due to a non-U.S. unrecognized tax benefit. For the fiscal year ended August 2022, the valuation allowance change was primarily due to an income tax benefit of million for the reversal of a portion of the U.S. valuation allowance and decreased deferred tax assets with corresponding valuation allowances due to the liquidation of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Receivables Inventories Compensated absences Accrued expenses Property, plant and equipment Domestic tax credits Foreign jurisdiction tax credits Equity compensation Domestic interest carryforwards Capital loss carryforwards Revenue recognition Operating and finance lease liabilities Other Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowances Less valuation allowances ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries Intangible assets Operating lease assets Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 (1) Excludes million classified as held for sale. See Note 17 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. 
 Based on the Company s historical operating income, projection of future taxable income, scheduled reversal of taxable temporary differences, and tax planning strategies, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefit of its deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances recorded. The Company s assessment that led to the million change in the U.S. valuation allowance on deferred tax assets previously recognized considered all available positive and negative evidence including, among other evidence, the impact of historical operating results and the impact of projected future taxable income upon application of the incremental cash tax savings approach for Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income. 
 As of August 31, 2024, the Company intends to indefinitely reinvest the remaining earnings from its foreign subsidiaries for which a deferred tax liability has not already been recorded. The accumulated earnings are the most significant component of the basis difference which is indefinitely reinvested. As of August 31, 2024, the indefinitely reinvested earnings in foreign subsidiaries upon which taxes had not been provided were approximately billion. The estimated amount of the unrecognized deferred tax liability on these reinvested earnings was approximately billion. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign 2039 or indefinite Tax credit carryforwards: (1) 
 Domestic - federal 2044 Domestic - state 2038 or indefinite Foreign (2) 
 2026 Tax capital loss carryforwards: Domestic - federal 2029 
 
 (1) Net of unrecognized tax benefits. 
 (2) Calculated based on the deferral method and includes foreign investment tax credits. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Additions for tax positions related to current year (1) 
 Divestiture of businesses ) Reductions from lapses in statutes of limitations ) ) ) Settlements (2) 
 ) ) ) Foreign exchange rate adjustment ) Ending balance Unrecognized tax benefits that would affect the effective tax rate (if recognized) 

(1) The additions for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 are primarily related to taxation of certain intercompany transactions. 
 (2) Settlements for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, primarily relates to the settlement of a U.S. audit. 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The Company s accrued interest and penalties were approximately million and million as of August 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The Company recognized a benefit from the net release of interest and penalties of million during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024. The Company recognized interest and penalties of approximately million and million during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 It is reasonably possible that the August 31, 2024, unrecognized tax benefits could decrease during the next 12 months by million, primarily related to lapses in statutes of limitations associated with intercompany transactions. 
 The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal tax examinations for fiscal years before August 31, 2021. In major non-U.S. and state jurisdictions, the Company is no longer subject to income tax examinations for fiscal years before August 31, 2014, and August 31, 2009, respectively. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 17. 
 million in cash. ProcureAbility is a procurement services provider specializing in technology-enabled advisory, managed services, digital, staffing, and recruiting solutions. 
 The acquisition of ProcureAbility was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. Assets acquired of million, including million in intangible assets and million in goodwill, and liabilities assumed of million were recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The preliminary estimates and measurements are subject to change during the measurement period for assets acquired, liabilities assumed and tax adjustments. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities was recorded to goodwill and was fully allocated to the DMS segment. The majority of the goodwill is currently not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. The results of operations were included in the Company s condensed consolidated financial results beginning on November 1, 2023. Pro forma information has not been provided as the acquisition of ProcureAbility is not deemed to be significant. 
 On October 1, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Mikros Technologies LLC for consideration transferred of million. Mikros Technologies LLC is a leader in the engineering and manufacturing of liquid cooling solutions for thermal management. The final purchase price is subject to adjustment based on conditions within the purchase agreement. 
 Divestitures 
 The Company announced on September 26, 2023, that, through its indirect subsidiary, Jabil Circuit (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., a Singapore private limited company Singapore Seller ), it agreed to sell the Mobility Business to an affiliate of BYDE for cash consideration of approximately billion, subject to certain customary purchase price adjustments. 
 As of August 31, 2023, the Company determined the Mobility Business met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. Accordingly, the Company presented the assets and liabilities of the Mobility Business as held for sale in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2023. Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale had a carrying value less than the estimated fair value less cost to sell and, thus, no adjustment to the carrying value of the disposal group was necessary. Depreciation and amortization expense for long-lived assets was not recorded for the period in which these assets were classified as held for sale. The divestiture did not meet the criteria to be reported as discontinued operations, and the Company continued to report the operating results for the Mobility Business in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations in the DMS segment until the Closing Date (defined below). 
 Inventories, net of reserve for excess and obsolete inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Deferred income taxes Liabilities held for sale: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Non-current operating lease liabilities 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 billion, and recorded a pre-tax gain of million, subject to certain post-closing adjustments that are still being finalized. In addition, the Company agreed to indemnify BYDE from certain liabilities that may arise post-close that relate to periods prior to the Closing Date. The Company incurred transaction and disposal costs in connection with the sale of approximately million during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, which are included in continuing operations in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The Company performs a goodwill impairment analysis on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. In connection with the preparation of the Company s financial statements for the quarter ended February 29, 2024, the Company completed an impairment analysis for goodwill recorded within the reporting unit impacted by the divestiture of the Mobility Business. The quantitative assessment was used, and the Company determined that the fair value of the impacted reporting unit exceeded the carrying value and that no impairment existed immediately prior to or subsequent to divesting the Mobility Business. The Company allocated goodwill to the disposal group based on the relative fair value of the Mobility Business as compared to the impacted reporting unit. 
 In the second quarter of fiscal year 2024 and in connection with the divestiture of the Mobility Business, the Company made a strategic decision that the indefinite-lived Green Point trade name valued at million acquired during the acquisition of Green Point should no longer be classified as an indefinite-lived intangible asset. Accordingly, prior to reclassifying the trade name to a finite-lived intangible asset, the Company completed a quantitative assessment for impairment and determined the fair value of the asset exceeded the carrying value. The trade name was assigned a estimated useful life and is being amortized on a straight-line basis as of the Closing Date. 
 
 18. 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets: Short-term investments Level 1 Forward foreign exchange contracts: Derivatives designated as hedging instruments (Note 11) 
 Level 2 (2) 
 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments (Note 11) 
 Level 2 (2) 
 Net investment hedges: Derivatives designated as hedging instruments (Note 11) 
 Level 2 (2) 
 Liabilities: Accrued expenses: Forward foreign exchange contracts: Derivatives designated as hedging instruments (Note 11) 
 Level 2 (2) 
 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments (Note 11) 
 Level 2 (2) 
 Net investment hedges: Derivatives designated as hedging instruments (Note 11) 
 Level 2 (2) 
 Other liabilities: Net investment hedges: Derivatives designated as hedging instruments (Note 11) 
 Level 2 (2) 

(1) Consist of time deposits that are readily convertible to cash with original maturities of 90 days or less. 
 (2) The Company s forward foreign exchange contracts, including cash flow hedges and net investment hedges are measured on a recurring basis at fair value, based on foreign currency spot rates and forward rates quoted by banks or foreign currency dealers. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

Senior Notes 
 Level 2 (1) 
 Senior Notes 
 Level 2 (1) 
 Senior Notes 
 Level 2 (1) 
 Senior Notes 
 Level 2 (1) 
 Senior Notes 
 Level 2 (1) 
 Senior Notes 
 Level 2 (1) 
 
 (1) The fair value estimates are based upon observable market data. 

19. 
 
 20. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Not applicable. 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 JABIL INC. Registrant Date: October 28, 2024 
 By: /s/ M ICHAEL D ASTOOR 
 Michael Dastoor Chief Executive Officer 

95 

Table of Contents 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL THESE PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Michael Dastoor and Gregory B. Hebard and each of them, jointly and severally, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each said attorneys-in-fact or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 
 Signature Title Date By: /s/ M ARK T. M ONDELLO 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 October 28, 2024 Mark T. Mondello By: /s/ S TEVEN A. R AYMUND 
 Lead Independent Director October 28, 2024 Steven A. Raymund By: /s/ M ICHAEL D ASTOOR 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) October 28, 2024 Michael Dastoor By: /s/ G REGORY B. H EBARD 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer) October 28, 2024 Gregory B. Hebard By: /s/ A NOUSHEH A NSARI 
 Director October 28, 2024 Anousheh Ansari By: /s/ C HRISTOPHER S . H OLLAND 
 Director October 28, 2024 Christopher S. Holland By: /s/ J OHN C. P LANT 
 Director October 28, 2024 John C. Plant By: /s/ J AMES W. S IMINOFF 
 Director October 28, 2024 James W. Siminoff By: /s/ D AVID M. S TOUT 
 Director October 28, 2024 David M. Stout By: /s/ N.V. T YAGARAJAN 
 Director October 28, 2024 N.V. Tyagarajan By: /s/ K ATHLEEN A. W ALTERS 
 Director October 28, 2024 Kathleen A. Walters 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 ) Fiscal year ended August 31, 2023 ) ) Fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 ) 
 (1) During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2023 the reductions charged to other accounts relates to inventory reserves for excess and obsolete inventory classified as held for sale. 
 
 Balance at Beginning of Period Additions Charged to Costs and Expenses Additions/ (Reductions) Charged to Other Accounts Reductions Charged to Costs and Expenses Balance at End of Period Valuation allowance for deferred taxes: Fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 ) Fiscal year ended August 31, 2023 ) Fiscal year ended August 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying report of independent registered public accounting firm. 
 
 97 

<EX-19.1>
 2
 jbl-20240831ex191.htm
 EX-19.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 19.1 
 JABIL INC. INSIDER TRADING POLICY 

1. Introduction 
 Federal and state laws prohibit buying, selling, gifting, or making other transfers of securities by persons who have material information that is not generally known or available to the public Material Nonpublic Information ). These laws also prohibit persons with such Material Nonpublic Information (as further explained in Section 2 below) from disclosing it to others who trade. 
 In light of these prohibitions, Jabil Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, the Company has adopted the following policy (this Policy regarding trading in securities by its directors, officers, and employees. This Policy also applies to others, such as contractors or consultants who have access to Material Nonpublic Information, whom the Company has notified (such persons, together with directors, officers, and employees, Company Personnel ). 
 This Policy also applies to family members who reside with Company Personnel, anyone else who lives in the household of Company Personnel, and any family members who do not live in the household of Company Personnel but whose transactions in Company securities are directed by Company Personnel or are subject to the influence or control of Company Personnel, such as parents or children who consult with Company Personnel before trading in Company securities (collectively referred to as Family Members ). This Policy also applies to corporations, trusts, or other entities controlled, influenced or managed by Company Personnel or their Family Members (collectively referred to as Controlled Entities, together with Company Personnel and Family Members, Insiders ). 
 The Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and federal prosecutors may presume that trading by Family Members or Controlled Entities is based on information supplied by Company Personnel and may treat any such transactions as if made by Company Personnel. There is no exception for small transactions or transactions that may seem necessary or justifiable for independent reasons, such as the need to raise money for an emergency expenditure. As such, Company Personnel are responsible for the transactions of their Family Members and Controlled Entities and, therefore, should make them aware of the need to confer with such Company Personnel prior to trading in Company securities. Company Personnel should treat all transactions by their Family Members and Controlled Entities as if the transactions were for their own account for the purposes of this Policy and applicable securities laws. Any person who violates the federal insider trading laws may have to pay civil fines of up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided by such trading, as well as substantial criminal fines. Such person also may have to serve a lengthy jail sentence. In addition, the Company could be subject to substantial civil and criminal fines. 
 The SEC, New York Stock Exchange NYSE and state regulators (as well as the Department of Justice) are very effective at detecting and pursuing insider trading cases. The SEC has successfully prosecuted cases against employees trading through foreign accounts, trading by Family Members and friends, and trading involving only a small number of shares. Therefore, it is important to understand the breadth of activities that constitute illegal insider trading. This Policy sets out the Company s Policy in the area of insider trading and should be read carefully and complied with fully. 
 If you have any questions, please contact the Office of the Corporate Secretary . 
 2. Definitions 
 (a) What is Material Nonpublic Information 
 i. Material Information 
 Information is generally considered material if there is a likelihood a reasonable investor would consider such information important in making an investment decision to buy, hold, or sell securities. Either positive or negative information may be material. There is no bright line standard for assessing materiality rather, materiality is based on an assessment of all of the facts and circumstances, and is often evaluated by enforcement authorities with the benefit of hindsight Depending on the circumstances, common examples of information that may be material include 
 earnings, revenue, or similar financial information 

unexpected financial results 
 unpublished financial reports or projections 
 extraordinary borrowing or liquidity problems 
 material impairment, write-off or restructuring 
 changes in control 
 changes in directors, senior management, or auditors 
 information about current, proposed, or contemplated transactions, business plans, financial restructurings, acquisition targets, business divestitures or significant expansions or contractions of operations 
 changes in dividend policies, the declaration of a stock split, or the proposed or contemplated issuance, redemption, or repurchase of securities 
 material defaults under agreements or actions by creditors, clients, or suppliers relating to a company s credit rating 
 a new cybersecurity risk or cybersecurity incident, whether known to be critical or potentially significant 
 the interruption of production or other aspects of a company s business as a result of an accident, fire, natural disaster, or breakdown of labor negotiations or any major shutdown 
 labor negotiations 
 product recalls 
 major environmental incidents 
 bankruptcy or liquidity concerns or developments and 
 institution of, or developments in, major litigation, investigations, or regulatory actions or proceedings. 
 Federal, state and NYSE investigators will scrutinize a questionable trade after the fact with the benefit of hindsight, so Insiders should always err on the side of deciding that the information is material and not trade. The mere fact that a person is aware of Material Nonpublic Information is a bar to trading. It is no excuse that such person s reasons for trading were not based on the Material Nonpublic Information. Insiders with questions regarding specific transactions should contact the Office of the Corporate Secretary. 
 ii. Nonpublic Information 
 Nonpublic information is information that is not generally known or available to the public. We consider information to be available to the public only when 
 it has been released to the public by the Company through appropriate channels (e.g., by means of a press release or a widely disseminated statement from a senior officer or a filing with SEC) and 
 enough time has elapsed to permit the investment market to absorb and evaluate the information. For the purposes of this Policy, information is considered to be nonpublic until one full day other than a Saturday, Sunday or NYSE holiday Trading Days has elapsed following public disclosure. For example, if the Company discloses Material Nonpublic Information before the market opens on Monday, an Insider aware of such Material Nonpublic Information may not trade until Tuesday (one full Trading Day after the Company s disclosure), so long as such Insider does not have any additional Material Nonpublic Information after such disclosure (and subject to preclearance requirements described below, if applicable). If, however, the Company discloses Material Nonpublic Information after the market opens on Monday, such Insider may not trade until Wednesday (one full Trading Day after the Company s disclosure), so long as such Insider does not have any additional Material Nonpublic Information after such disclosure (and subject to preclearance requirements described below, if applicable). 
 The fact that rumors, speculation, or statements attributed to unidentified sources are public is insufficient to be considered widely disseminated even when the information is accurate. 

(b) Trading Transactions 
 For purposes of this Policy, references to trading and transactions in Company securities (including the Company s common stock, options to purchase common stock, or any other type of securities that the Company may issue, such as preferred stock, convertible debentures and warrants, etc., as well as derivative securities that are not issued by the Company) include, among other things 
 purchases and sales of Company securities in public markets or private transactions 
 sales of Company securities obtained through the exercise of employee stock options granted by the Company, including broker assisted cashless exercise (i.e., the broker selling some or all of the shares underlying the option on the open market) 
 making gifts of Company securities (including charitable donations) or 
 using Company securities to secure a loan. 
 Conversely, references to trading and transactions do not include 
 the exercise of Company stock options if no shares are to be sold or if there is a net exercise (i.e., the use of the underlying shares to pay the exercise price and or tax withholding obligations), except the exercise is still subject to pre-clearance procedures, if applicable, described below 
 the vesting of Company stock options, restricted stock or restricted stock units 
 the withholding of shares to satisfy a tax withholding obligation upon the vesting of restricted stock or restricted stock units 
 transferring shares to an entity that does not involve a change in the beneficial ownership of the shares (for example, transferring shares from one brokerage account to another brokerage account controlled by the Insider) 
 sales of the Company s securities as a selling stockholder in a registered public offering, including a synthetic secondary offering, in accordance with applicable securities laws or 
 any other purchase of Company securities from the Company or sales of Company securities to the Company in accordance with applicable securities and state laws. 
 Therefore, Company Personnel may freely have the Company withhold shares to satisfy tax obligations without violating this Policy. In addition, transactions pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan (as defined below) are subject to certain exceptions and requirements as set forth below. 
 i. Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 To the extent Company Personnel participate in the Jabil Inc. 2011 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended (the ESPP ), this Policy will not apply to purchases of Company stock in the ESPP resulting from the periodic contribution of money by Company Personnel to the ESPP pursuant to their payroll deduction elections made while the Window Period is open and such Company Personnel are not aware of Material Nonpublic Information. However, this Policy will apply to any (a) election to participate in the ESPP for an enrollment period (b) increase or decrease in the amount of periodic contributions to the ESPP and (c) sales of Company stock pursuant to the ESPP. 
 ii. Mutual Funds 
 Transactions in mutual funds that are invested in Company securities are not transactions subject to this Policy as long as (i) the Insider does not control the investment decisions on individual stocks within the fund or portfolio and (ii) Company securities do not represent a substantial portion of the assets of the fund or portfolio. 
 3. Policies and Procedures 
 (a) Trading Policy 
 The following restrictions apply to all Insiders 

i. An Insider may not trade in the stock or other securities of any company when the Insider is aware of Material Nonpublic Information about that company. This Policy against insider trading applies to trading in Company securities, as well as to trading in the securities of other companies, such as the Company s customers, distributors, vendors, or suppliers, or firms with which the Company may be negotiating a major transaction, when Material Nonpublic Information about such other company is obtained as a result of such Insider s employment or relationship with the Company. As such, if an Insider becomes aware of Material Nonpublic Information about a customer of the Company as a result of such Insider s employment or relationship with the Company, such Insider may not trade in that company s securities until such information ceases to be material or becomes public. 
 ii. An Insider may not convey (whether through traditional means, social media or otherwise) Material Nonpublic Information about the Company or another company to others, or suggest that anyone purchase, sell, gift, or otherwise trade any company s securities while the Insider is aware of Material Nonpublic Information about that company. This practice, known as tipping, also violates the securities laws and can result in the same civil and criminal penalties that apply if the Insider engages in insider trading directly, even if the Insider does not receive any money or derive any benefit from trades made by persons to whom the Insider passed Material Nonpublic Information. This policy against tipping applies to information about the Company and its securities, as well as to information about other companies when an Insider obtains Material Nonpublic Information about such other company as a result of the Insider s employment or relationship with the Company. Persons with whom an Insider has a history, pattern or practice of sharing confidences such as family members, close friends and financial and personal counselors may be presumed to act on the basis of information known to such Insider therefore, special care should be taken so that Material Nonpublic Information is not disclosed to such persons. This Policy does not restrict legitimate business communications to Company Personnel who require the information in order to perform their business duties. Material Nonpublic Information, however, should not be disclosed to persons outside the Company unless an Insider is specifically authorized to disclose such information and such disclosure is made in accordance with the Company s policies regarding the protection or authorized external disclosure of information regarding the Company (including, in some cases and if appropriate, a written confidentiality agreement). For additional information, please see the Company s Regulation Fair Disclosure Policy. 
 From time to time, the Company may engage in transactions in its own securities. It is the Company s policy to comply with all applicable securities and state laws (including appropriate approvals by the Board of Directors or appropriate committee, if required) when engaging in transactions in Company securities. 
 (b) Certain Restricted Transactions 
 The Company has determined that there is a heightened legal risk and or the appearance of improper or inappropriate conduct if Insiders engage in certain types of transactions. It therefore is the Company s policy to apply additional restrictions to the following transactions 
 i. Short-Term Trading 
 Short-term trading of Company securities may unduly focus Company Personnel on the Company s short-term stock market performance instead of the Company s long-term business objectives, and frequent trading in Company securities can create an appearance of wrongdoing even if the decision to trade was based solely on public information such as stock price ranges and other market events. In addition, daily or frequent trading in any company s securities, which can be time-consuming and distracting, is strongly discouraged. For all of these reasons, Insiders are strongly discouraged from trading in Company securities for short-term trading profits. 
 ii. Speculative Transactions 
 It is against Company policy for an Insider to engage in speculative transactions in Company securities. As such, it is against Company policy for an Insider to trade in puts or calls in Company securities, or sell Company securities short. Short sales of the Company s securities evidence an expectation on the part of the seller that the securities will decline in value, and, therefore, signal to the market that the seller has no confidence in the Company or its short term prospects. In addition, short sales may reduce the seller s incentive to improve the Company s performance. 

iii. Hedging Transactions 
 Section 16 Persons and Vice Presidents and higher are subject to Jabil s Share Ownership Guidelines which prohibit them from entering into short sales, put or call options, or other derivatives based on the Company s securities or otherwise using financial instruments to hedge the economic risk of owning the Company s securities. 
 iv. Pledging and Trading on Margin 
 Securities held in a margin account as collateral for a margin loan may be sold by the broker without the customer s consent if the customer fails to meet a margin call. Similarly, securities pledged (or hypothecated) as collateral for a loan may be sold in foreclosure if the borrower defaults on the loan. 
 Because of this danger, Insiders are required to notify the Corporate Secretary of their intent to pledge Company securities. 
 In addition, directors and officers who have their compensation disclosed in the Company s annual proxy statement should be aware that the Company is required to disclose in its annual proxy statement the number of Company securities that directors and such officers and their Family Members and Controlled Entities have pledged as collateral. 
 (c) Unauthorized Disclosure 
 All Company Personnel must maintain the confidentiality of Company information for competitive, security and other business reasons, as well as to comply with securities laws. All information Company Personnel learn about the Company or its business plans is potentially nonpublic information until the Company publicly discloses it. Company Personnel should treat this information as confidential and proprietary to the Company. Company Personnel may not disclose it to others, such as Family Members, other relatives, or business or social acquaintances. 
 Also, legal rules govern the timing and nature of our disclosure of material information to outsiders or the public. Violation of these rules could result in substantial liability for Company Personnel, the Company and its management. For this reason, the Company permits only specifically designated representatives of the Company to discuss the Company with the news media, securities analysts and investors and only in accordance with the Company s Regulation Fair Disclosure Policy. Insiders that receive inquiries of this nature should refer them to the Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. 
 (d) When and How to Trade Company Securities 
 Directors, officers, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (together with directors, Section 16 Persons ), and certain other employees who are so designated (and notified) from time to time by Office of the Corporate Secretary as well as the respective Family Members and Controlled Entities of such persons (all such persons and entities, Restricted Persons are for purposes of this Policy required to comply with the restrictions covered below. Insiders that are not Restricted Persons should consider following the procedures listed below to assist them in complying with this Policy. 
 i. Window Periods 
 Restricted Persons may only trade in Company securities from the date that is one full Trading Day after the Company s earnings release, to the end of business on the date that is the last day of the second month in the applicable fiscal quarter (such period, the Window Period ). If, however, the Window Period is scheduled to close on a non Trading Day, the Window Period will close on the completion of the next full Trading Day. Generally, all pending purchase and sale orders regarding Company securities that could be, but have not been, executed while the Window Period is open must be cancelled before it closes. 
 However, even if the Window Period is open, Restricted Persons may not trade in Company securities if they are aware of Material Nonpublic Information about the Company. In addition, Restricted Persons are strongly encouraged to preclear all transactions in Company securities with the Office of the Corporate Secretary as discussed in Section 3(d)(ii) below, even if they initiate them when the Window Period is open. 
 From time to time the Company may close the Window Period due to developments involving Material Nonpublic Information. In such events, the Company may notify particular individuals that they should not engage in any transactions 

involving the purchase or sale of Company securities, and that they should not disclose to others the fact that the Window Period has been closed. 
 The restrictions summarized above do not apply to a prearranged Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan, as defined and discussed below, but any such Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan is subject to the preclearance and other restrictions. Questions about Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans should be addressed to the Office of the Corporate Secretary. 
 ii. Preclearance 
 The Company strongly suggests its Restricted Persons (or in the case of Restricted Persons who are not Company directors or employees, the director or employee related to the Restricted Person) to contact the Office of the Corporate Secretary in advance of the Restricted Person effecting any purchase, sale, gift, or other trade of Company securities, or a stock plan transaction such as an option exercise, a loan, a contribution to a trust, a transaction subject to the restrictions under Section 3(b) , or any other transfer, and obtain prior clearance of the transaction from the Office of the Corporate Secretary. 
 If a transaction is approved under the preclearance policy, the transaction must be executed within five Trading Days after the approval is obtained, but regardless may not be executed if the Restricted Person acquires Material Nonpublic Information concerning the Company during that time. If a transaction is not completed within the period described above, the transaction must be approved again before it may be executed. 
 iii. Rule 10b5 1 Trading Plans 
 Rule 10b5 1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act provides for an affirmative defense against insider trading liability if trades occur pursuant to a prearranged trading plan that meets specified conditions. In order to be eligible to rely on this defense, a person must enter into a Rule 10b5-1 plan for transactions in Company securities that meets certain conditions specified in Rule 10b5-1 (a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan ). If the plan meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1, transactions in Company securities may occur even when the person who has entered into the plan is aware of Material Nonpublic Information. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, transactions pursuant to Rule 10b5 1 Trading Plans that are effected in accordance with this Policy may occur notwithstanding the other prohibitions included herein. 
 (e) Certification 
 All Section 16 Persons subject to this Policy will be required to certify their understanding of and intent to comply with this Policy periodically. 
 (f) Noncompliance 
 Anyone who fails to comply with this Policy or who refuses to certify that they have complied with it will be subject to appropriate disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment, whether or not the failure to comply results in a violation of law. 
 (g) Post Termination Transactions 
 This Policy will continue to apply to an Insider s transactions in Company securities after the Insider s employment, service, or relationship with the Company has terminated until the latest of such time as the Insider is no longer aware of Material Nonpublic Information or such time as such information has been publicly disclosed or is no longer material. In all other respects, the procedures set forth in this Policy will cease to apply to an Insider s transactions following the termination of such Insider s employment, service, or relationship, unless the Insider is subject to Window Periods (described above) and such termination occurs when the Window Period is closed, in which case this Policy will cease to apply to the Insider upon the opening of the next Window Period after termination. 
 4. Additional Securities Law Matters 
 (a) Section 16 
 Section 16 Persons will also be required to comply with the reporting obligations and limitations on short swing transactions set forth in Section 16 of the Exchange Act. The practical effect of these provisions is that (i) Section 16 Persons 

will be required to report transactions in Company securities (usually within two business days of the date of the transaction) and (ii) Section 16 Persons who purchase and sell Company securities within a six month period will be required to disgorge all profits to the Company whether or not they had knowledge of any Material Nonpublic Information. The Company has provided separate materials to Section 16 Persons regarding compliance with Section 16 and its related rules. 
 (b) Rule 144 
 Section 16 Persons are considered to be affiliates of the Company for Rule 144 purposes. Consequently, shares of Company common stock held by Section 16 Persons may be considered to be restricted securities or control securities, the sale of which are subject to compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (or any other applicable exemption under the federal securities laws). Note that Rule 144 places limits on the number of shares a Section 16 Person may be able to sell and provides that certain procedures must be followed before a Section 16 Person can sell shares of Company common stock. Contact your broker or the Office of the Corporate Secretary for more information on Rule 144. 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 jbl-20240831ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 Jabil Inc. Subsidiaries 
 
 Ownership is 100 except where designated. 
 
 Subsidiary Country State of Incorporation Organization AOC Technologies, Inc. United States (California) Badger Technologies, LLC United States (Delaware) Celetronix USA, Inc. United States (Delaware) Clothing Plus Zhejiang Ltd. China eco.logic brands llc United States (Delaware) F-I Holding Company Cayman Islands Green Point (Suzhou) Technology Co., Ltd. China Green Point (Tianjin) Precision Electronic Co., Ltd. China Green Point Precision (M) Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Green Point Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. China Green Prosperity Co., Ltd. Virgin Islands, British Greenam Electricity (Proprietary) Limited (Jabil indirectly owns 79 of this entity) 
 Namibia Jabil (Mauritius) Holdings Ltd. Mauritius Jabil Advanced Mechanical Solutions de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Jabil Advanced Mechanical Solutions, Inc. United States (Delaware) Jabil AMS, LLC United States (Delaware) Jabil Canada Corporation Canada Jabil Circuit (Beijing) Ltd. China Jabil Circuit (Guangzhou) Ltd. China Jabil Circuit (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China Jabil Circuit (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Jabil Circuit (Wuxi) Co. Ltd. China Jabil Circuit Austria GmbH Austria Jabil Circuit Belgium N.V. Belgium Jabil Circuit Cayman L.P. Cayman Islands Jabil Circuit China Limited Hong Kong Jabil Circuit de Chihuahua S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Jabil Circuit de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Jabil Circuit Financial II, Inc. United States (Delaware) Jabil Circuit Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Jabil Circuit Hungary Contract Manufacturing Services Ltd. Hungary Jabil Circuit India Private Limited India Jabil Circuit Investment (China) Co., Ltd China Jabil Circuit Italia S.r.l. Italy Jabil Circuit Limited United Kingdom Jabil Circuit Luxembourg II S. r.l. Luxembourg Jabil Circuit Luxembourg S. .r.l. Luxembourg Jabil Circuit Netherlands B.V. Netherlands Jabil Circuit of Michigan, Inc. United States (Michigan) Jabil Circuit SAS France Jabil Circuit Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia 

Jabil Circuit Technology LLC Cayman Islands Jabil Circuit Ukraine Limited Ukraine Jabil Consulting Limited Liability Company Ukraine Jabil Croatia d.o.o. Croatia Jabil Defense and Aerospace Services, LLC United States (Delaware) Jabil Denmark Aps Denmark Jabil do Brasil Ind stria Eletroeletr nica Ltda. Brazil Jabil DR, S.R.L. Dominican Republic Jabil Dutch Mexico B.V. Netherlands Jabil Electronics (Weihai) Co., Ltd. China Jabil EMS Switzerland GmbH Switzerland Jabil Energy (Namibia) (Proprietary) Limited Namibia Jabil Green Point Technology (Huizhou) Co., Ltd. China Jabil Healthcare DR, S.R.L. Dominican Republic Jabil Hungary LP Services Limited Liability Company Hungary Jabil India Manufacturing Private Limited India Jabil Industrial do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Jabil International Holding II, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Jabil International Holding S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Jabil International Treasury Pte. Ltd Singapore Jabil Investment Pte. Ltd. Singapore Jabil Israel Ltd. Israel Jabil Italia Newco S.r.l. Italy Jabil Japan, Inc. Japan Jabil Mexico Holding, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Jabil Mexico Investment, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Jabil Monterrey S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Jabil Nypro Holding LLC United States (Delaware) Jabil Nypro I, LLC United States (Delaware) Jabil Nypro II, LLC United States (Delaware) Jabil Nypro International B.V. Netherlands Jabil Optics Germany GmbH Germany Jabil Poland Sp. z o.o. Poland Jabil Precision Industry (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. China Jabil Procurement and Supply Chain Services Pte. Ltd. Singapore Jabil Procurement Services, Inc. United States (Delaware) Jabil Science & Telecommunication Trading (Wuxi) Co. Ltd. China Jabil Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Jabil Services Korea Limited Korea, Republic of Jabil Silver Creek, Inc. United States (California) Jabil Supply Chain Management (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. China Jabil Switzerland Manufacturing GmbH Switzerland Jabil Technology (Wuhan) Ltd. (f k a AOC Technologies (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.) China Jabil Technology (Wuxi) Co., Ltd. China Jabil Technology and Trading (Wuxi) Co., Ltd. China Jabil Torres S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Jabil Tuttlingen Manufacturing GmbH Germany 

Jabil Umkirch Manufacturing GmbH Germany Jabil Vietnam Company Limited Vietnam JN Global Holding C.V. Netherlands Kasalis Inc. United States (Delaware) Kuatro Ukraine LLC Ukraine Manna Renewable Energy Investments Two (Pty) Ltd Namibia N P Medical Inc. United States (Massachusetts) NPA de Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Nypro Atlanta LLC United States (Texas) Nypro China Holdings Limited Hong Kong Nypro de la Frontera, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Nypro Deutschland GmbH Germany Nypro DR, LLC United States (Delaware) Nypro Guadalajara S.A. de C.V. Mexico Nypro Healthcare Baja Inc. United States (Nevada) Nypro Healthcare GmbH Germany Nypro Healthcare LLC United States (Delaware) Nypro Inc. United States (Massachusetts) Nypro Limited Ireland Nypro Plastics & Metal Products (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. China Nypro Plastics & Molding Products (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. China Nypro Puerto Rico Inc. United States (Massachusetts) Nypro Spain Holding, S.L.U. Spain NyproMold Chicago Inc. United States (Illinois) NyproMold Inc. United States (Massachusetts) NyproMold Investment Corp. United States (Massachusetts) Plasticast Hungary Korlatolt Felelossegu Tarsasag Hungary Plasticos Castella S.A.U. Spain ProcureAbility Global, LLC United States (Florida) ProcureAbility, Inc. United States (Florida) PT Jabil Circuit Indonesia Indonesia Radius Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Retronix Global Inc. United States (Texas) Retronix Ltd. United Kingdom Roosevelt Insurance Company, Ltd. Cayman Islands S.M.R. Metal Ltd. Israel Shemer Motion (2009) Ltd. Israel Taiwan Green Point Enterprises Co., Ltd. Taiwan (Province of China) Taiwan Green Point Enterprises Co., Ltd. Virgin Islands, British Westing Green (Tianjin) Plastic Co., Ltd. China Wolfe Engineering (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Yen Investments 140 (Proprietary) Limited Namibia YouTransactor SAS France 
 
 Jabil Inc. subsidiaries list as of August 31, 2024. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 jbl-20240831ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-273111) of Jabil Inc. and subsidiaries, and 
 (2) Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-252301, 333-252300, 333-239917, 333-221022, 333-187772, 333-172458, 333-172457, 333-172443, 333-165921, 333-132721, 333-112264, 333-98299, 333-106123, 333-146577, 333-149277 and 333-158291) of Jabil Inc. and subsidiaries 
 of our reports dated October 28, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Jabil Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Jabil Inc. and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended August 31, 2024. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Tampa, Florida 
 October 28, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 jbl-20240831ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Michael Dastoor, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Jabil Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15 (e) and 15d 15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 28, 2024 s M ICHAEL D ASTOOR 
 Michael Dastoor Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 jbl-20240831ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Gregory B. Hebard, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Jabil Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15 (e) and 15d 15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 28, 2024 s G REGORY B. H EBARD 
 Gregory B. Hebard Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 jbl-20240831ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Jabil Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-K ), I, Michael Dastoor, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 28, 2024 s M ICHAEL D ASTOOR 
 Michael Dastoor Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 jbl-20240831ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Jabil Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-K ), I, Gregory B. Hebard, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date October 28, 2024 s G REGORY B . H EBARD 
 Gregory B. Hebard Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 9
 jbl-20240831ex971.htm
 EX-97.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 97.1 
 JABIL INC. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION RECOUPMENT (CLAWBACK) POLICY 
 The Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors of Jabil Inc. (the Company has adopted this policy with respect to the recovery of incentive-based compensation paid to the Company's executive officers on the basis of financial results that are later restated. The Committee reserves the right to amend this policy statement from time to time. 
 Recoupment of Incentive-Based Compensation 
 It is the policy of Jabil Inc. (the Company that, in the event the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement of the Company s financial statements due to material non-compliance with any financial reporting requirement under the federal securities laws (including any such correction that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period), the Company will recover on a reasonably prompt basis the amount of any Incentive-Based Compensation Received by a Covered Executive during the Recovery Period that exceeds the amount that otherwise would have been Received had it been determined based on the restated financial statements. 
 Policy Administration and Definitions 
 This Policy is administered by the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Company s Board of Directors and is intended to comply with, and as applicable to be administered and interpreted consistent with, and subject to the exceptions set forth in, Listing Standard 303A.14 adopted by the New York Stock Exchange to implement Rule 10D-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (collectively, Rule 10D-1 ). 
 For purposes of this Policy 
 Incentive-Based Compensation means any compensation granted, earned, or vested based in whole or in part on the Company s attainment of a financial reporting measure that was Received by a person (i) on or after October 2, 2023 and after the person began service as a Covered Executive, and (ii) who served as a Covered Executive at any time during the performance period for the Incentive-Based Compensation. A financial reporting measure is (i) any measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements and any measure derived wholly or in part from such a measure, and (ii) any measure based in whole or in part on the Company s stock price or total shareholder return. 
 Incentive-Based Compensation is deemed to be Received in the fiscal period during which the relevant financial reporting measure is attained, regardless of when the compensation is actually paid or awarded. 
 Covered Executive means any executive officer of the Company as defined under Rule 10D-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Recovery Period means the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date that the Company is required to prepare the accounting restatement described in this Policy, all as determined pursuant to Rule 10D-1, and, if the Company changes its fiscal year, any transition period of less than nine months that is within or immediately following such three fiscal years. 
 If the Committee determines the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation Received by a Covered Executive during a Recovery Period exceeds the amount that would have been Received if determined or calculated based on the Company s restated financial results, such excess amount of Incentive-Based Compensation shall be subject to recoupment by the Company pursuant to this Policy. For Incentive-Based Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of erroneously awarded compensation is not subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in an accounting restatement, the Committee will determine the amount based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the accounting restatement on the relevant stock price or total shareholder return. In all cases, the calculation of the excess amount of Incentive-Based Compensation to be recovered will be determined without regard to any taxes paid with respect to such compensation. The Company will maintain documentation of all determinations and actions taken in complying with this Policy. Any determinations made by the Committee under this Policy shall be final and binding on all affected individuals. 

Before the Committee determines to seek recovery pursuant to this policy, it shall provide to the applicable executive officer written notice and the opportunity to be heard, at any meeting of the Committee. 
 The Company may effect any recovery pursuant to this Policy by requiring payment of such amount(s) to the Company, by set-off, by reducing future compensation, or by such other means or combination of means as the Committee determines to be appropriate. The Company need not recover the excess amount of Incentive-Based Compensation if and to the extent that the Committee determines that such recovery is impracticable, subject to and in accordance with any applicable exceptions under the New York Stock Exchange listing rules, and not required under Rule 10D-1, including if the Committee determines that the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered after making a reasonable attempt to recover such amounts. The Company is authorized to take appropriate steps to implement this Policy with respect to Incentive-Based Compensation arrangements with Covered Executives. 
 Any right of recoupment or recovery pursuant to this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any other policy, any employment agreement or plan or award terms, and any other legal remedies available to the Company provided that the Company shall not recoup amounts pursuant to such other policy, terms or remedies to the extent it is recovered pursuant to this Policy. The Company shall not indemnify any Covered Executive against the loss of any Incentive-Based Compensation pursuant to this Policy. 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 jbl-20240831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 jbl-20240831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 jbl-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 jbl-20240831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 jbl-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

