<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241120_10-K_edgar_data_829224_0000829224-24-000057.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18088327</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>459217</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4323089</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6119345</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3863408</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2977144</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000829224-24-000057.hdr.sgml : 20241120
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241120160806
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000829224-24-000057
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		124
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240929
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241120
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241120

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STARBUCKS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000829224
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING & DRINKING PLACES [5810]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				911325671
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0927

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20322
		FILM NUMBER:		241480390

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 34067
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98124-1067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2064471575

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2401 UTAH AVENUE SOUTH
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98134

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000829224-24-000057.txt : 20241120

10-K
 1
 sbux-20240929.htm
 10-K

sbux-20240929 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (State of Incorporation) (IRS Employer ID) 
 , , 
 ) 
 (Address of principal executive office, zip code, telephone number) 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. x Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No x 
 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based upon the closing sale price of the registrant s common stock on March 31, 2024 as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market was billion. As of November 13, 2024, there were million shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the registrant s Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on March 12, 2025, have been incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated. Except as expressly incorporated by reference, the registrant s Proxy Statement shall not be deemed to be part of this report. 

Table of Contents 

STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended September 29, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I Item 1 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 Item 1C 
 C ybersecurity 
 28 
 Item 2 Properties 
 30 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 PART II Item 5 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters , and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6 Reserved 
 33 
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 
 Index for Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 55 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 89 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 91 
 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 
 91 
 Item 9B Other Information 
 93 
 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 93 
 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers , and Corporate Governance 
 94 
 Item 11 Executive Compensation 
 94 
 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 94 
 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 94 
 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 94 
 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 95 
 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 102 
 SIGNATURES 
 103 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding future events and the future results of Starbucks Corporation (together with its subsidiaries) that are based on our current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about our business, our results of operations, the industry in which we operate, our economic and market outlook, and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They often include words such as believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, intends, plans, seeks, or words of similar meaning, or future or conditional verbs, such as will, should, could, may, aims, intends, or projects, and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties, and other factors (many beyond our control) that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical experience or from our current expectations or projections. Our forward-looking statements, and the risks and uncertainties related thereto, include, but are not limited to, those described under the Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections and in other reports we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), as well as, among others: 
 
 our ability to preserve, grow, and leverage our brands, including the risk of negative responses by consumers (such as boycotts or negative publicity campaigns), governmental actors (such as retaliatory legislative treatment), or other third parties who object to certain actions taken or not taken by the Company, whose responses could adversely affect our brand value; 
 the impact of our marketing strategies, promotional and advertising plans, pricing strategies, platforms, reformulations, innovations, or customer experience initiatives or investments; 
 the costs and risks associated with, and the successful execution and effects of, our existing and any future business opportunities, expansions, initiatives, strategies, investments, and plans, including our Back to Starbucks plan; 
 changes in consumer preferences, demand, consumption, or spending behavior, including due to shifts in demographic or health and wellness trends, reduction in discretionary spending and price increases, and our ability to anticipate or react to these changes; 
 the ability of our business partners, suppliers, and third-party providers to fulfill their responsibilities and commitments; 
 the potential negative effects of reported incidents involving food- or beverage-borne illnesses, tampering, adulteration, contamination, or mislabeling; 
 our ability to open new stores and efficiently maintain the attractiveness of our existing stores; 
 our dependence on the financial performance of our North America operating segment and our increasing dependence on certain international markets; 
 our anticipated operating expenses, including our anticipated total capital expenditures; 
 inherent risks of operating a global business, including changing conditions in our markets, local factors affecting store openings, protectionist trade or foreign investment policies, economic or trade sanctions, compliance with local laws and other regulations, and local labor policies and conditions, including labor strikes and work stoppages; 
 higher costs, lower quality, or unavailability of coffee, dairy, cocoa, energy, water, raw materials, or product ingredients; 
 the potential impact on our supply chain of adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, or significant increases in logistics costs; 
 the ability of our supply chain to meet current or future business needs and our ability to scale and improve our forecasting, planning, production, and logistics management; 
 a worsening in the terms and conditions upon which we engage with our manufacturers and source suppliers, whether resulting from broader local or global conditions or dynamics specific to our relationships with such parties; 
 the impact of unfavorable global or regional economic conditions and related economic slowdowns or recessions, low consumer confidence, high unemployment, weak credit or capital markets, budget deficits, burdensome government debt, austerity measures, higher interest rates, higher taxes, international trade disputes, government restrictions, geopolitical instability, higher inflation, or deflation; 
 failure to meet our announced guidance or market expectations and the impact thereof; 
 failure to attract or retain key executive or partner talent or successfully transition executives; 
 the impacts of partner investments and changes in the availability and cost of labor, including any union organizing efforts and our responses to such efforts; 
 the impact of foreign currency translation, particularly a stronger U.S. dollar; 
 the impact of, and our ability to respond to, substantial competition from new entrants, consolidations by competitors, and other competitive activities, such as pricing actions (including price reductions, promotions, discounting, couponing, or free goods), marketing, category expansion, product introductions, or entry or expansion in our geographic markets; 
 potential impacts of climate change; 
 evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations; 
 the potential impact of activist shareholder actions or tactics; 
 1 

Table of Contents 

failure to comply with applicable laws and changing legal and regulatory requirements; 
 the impact or likelihood of significant legal disputes and proceedings or government investigations; 
 potential negative effects of, and our ability to respond to, a material failure, inadequacy, or interruption of our information technology systems or those of our third-party business partners or service providers, or failure to comply with data protection laws; and 
 our ability to adequately protect our intellectual property or adequately ensure that we are not infringing the intellectual property of others. 
 
 In addition, many of the foregoing risks and uncertainties are, or could be, exacerbated by any worsening of the global business and economic environment. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur. You should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We are under no obligation to update or alter any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

2 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 General 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K 10-K or Report for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2024 fiscal 2024 ), Starbucks Corporation (together with its subsidiaries) is referred to as Starbucks, the Company, we, us, or our. 
 Starbucks is the premier roaster, marketer, and retailer of specialty coffee in the world, operating in 87 markets. Formed in 1985, Starbucks Corporation s common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq under the symbol SBUX. We purchase and roast high-quality coffees that we sell, along with handcrafted coffee, tea, and other beverages and a variety of high-quality food items through company-operated stores. We also sell a variety of coffee and tea products and license our trademarks through other channels, such as licensed stores as well as grocery and foodservice through our Global Coffee Alliance with Nestl S.A. Nestl ). In addition to our flagship Starbucks Coffee brand, we sell goods and services under the following brands: Teavana , Ethos , and Starbucks Reserve . 
 Our primary objective is to maintain Starbucks standing as one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world. We believe the continuous investments in our brand and operations will deliver long-term targeted revenue and income growth. This includes expansion of our global store base, adding stores in both existing, developed markets such as the U.S. and in higher growth markets, as well as optimizing the mix of company-operated and licensed stores around the world. In addition, by leveraging experiences gained through our stores and elsewhere, we continue to drive beverage, equipment, process, and technology innovation, including in our industry-leading digital platform. We strive to regularly offer consumers new, innovative coffee and other products in a variety of forms, across new categories, diverse channels, and alternative store formats. 
 Starbucks has always been a different kind of company one deep with purpose, where we work together to create a positive impact in the world. With coffee at our core, we pursue ambitious goals for our partners (employees), our communities, and our planet, which we believe also contributes to the long-term sustainability of creating a thriving business powered by thriving people for a thriving planet and communities. Our work to uplift one another extends well beyond our partners to the communities where we do business around the world. We are committed to responsible and ethical sourcing led by Coffee and Farmer Equity Practices C.A.F.E. Practices ), the Company s third-party verification program and the cornerstone of our approach to ethical sourcing of coffee with over 98 of our coffee having been historically verified through C.A.F.E. Practices as ethically sourced. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 We invest in the well-being the mental, physical, and financial health of every partner through our practices, policies, and benefits. This work is grounded in the belief that we are at our best when we create inclusive, supportive, and welcoming environments, where we uplift one another with dignity, respect, and kindness. And we are hard at work uplifting our communities and building environments in our stores that are welcoming and safe. We believe the strength of our workforce is one of the significant contributors to our success as a global brand that leads with purpose. Therefore, one of our core strategies is to invest in and support our partners to differentiate our brand, products, and services in the competitive specialty coffee market, including the following areas of focus: 
 Oversight and Management 
 We recognize the diversity of customers, partners, and communities and believe in creating an inclusive and equitable environment that represents a broad spectrum of backgrounds and cultures. Working under these principles, our Partner Resources Organization is tasked with managing employment-related matters, including recruiting and hiring, onboarding and training, compensation planning, performance management, and professional development. Our Board of Directors (the Board and Board committees provide oversight on certain human capital matters, including our Inclusion and Diversity initiatives. As noted in its charter, our Compensation and Management Development Committee is responsible for periodically reviewing Starbucks partner resource programs and initiatives, including healthcare and other benefits, as well as our management development and succession planning practices and strategies. Our Audit and Compliance Committee works closely with the Risk Management Committee, led by Starbucks chief financial officer cfo and chief legal officer, to monitor and mitigate current and emerging labor and human capital management risks. Our Environmental, Partner, and Community Impact Committee annually reviews and assesses the effectiveness of the Company s environmental and social 
 3 

Table of Contents 

strategies, policies, practices, goals, programs, disclosure, and risks, including review of the Company s annual global climate and social impact report. 
 These reports and recommendations to the Board and its committees are part of the broader framework that guides how Starbucks should attract, retain, and develop a skilled workforce that aligns with our values and strategies. 
 We regularly conduct anonymous surveys to seek feedback from our partners on a variety of topics, including confidence in company leadership, competitiveness of our compensation and benefits package, career growth opportunities, and recommendations on how we can remain an employer of choice. The results are shared with our partners and reviewed by senior leadership, who analyze areas of progress or deterioration and prioritize actions and activities in response to this feedback to drive meaningful improvements in partner engagement. Our management and cross-functional teams also work closely to evaluate human capital management issues such as partner retention, workplace safety, harassment, and bullying, as well as to implement measures to mitigate these issues. 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging 
 As we create the future of Starbucks, we are continuing to work to improve the partner experience so our partners can thrive at work, individually, and together. Core to this is taking steps to ensure that Starbucks is an inclusive, diverse, equitable, and accessible company a place where all are welcome and where our partners know they belong. 
 Under the leadership of our senior vice president of Talent and Inclusion and our executive leadership team, we remain committed to accountability at every level of the Company. We prioritize transparency with our partners, Inclusion and Diversity Executive Council, Partner Networks, Inclusion and Diversity Business Council, community leaders, customers, and stakeholders. 
 At Starbucks, we are committed to creating environments where everyone is welcome and belongs. In 2024, we reaffirmed this commitment by cementing Belonging as one of our company values. 
 These values have long been part of our culture, and we are working to build a more inclusive, equitable, accessible, and diverse company, to make substantial progress in the representation of our partners and to expand opportunities for our partners. To further this: 
 we worked to reach a broader pool of candidates, prioritizing inclusivity in our recruitment, in partner engagement, and by continuing to foster inclusive leadership; 
 we established and expanded our mentorship program to make valuable guidance and networking opportunities available to all partners; and 
 we remained focused on addressing barriers impeding equal pay for equal work. 
 
 At the end of fiscal 2024, our U.S. partner base is made up 70.9 female and 28.4 male. Additionally, in the U.S. diverse partners represent more than 51.9 of our retail team and more than 37.9 of our corporate roles. 
 We are expanding workforce diversity to bring new perspectives and experiences that improve our business and workplace. To do this, we reach a broader pool of candidates and talent by prioritizing inclusivity in our recruitment practices, in partner engagement, and by continuing to foster inclusive leadership. 
 Total Rewards 
 We have demonstrated a history of investing in our workforce by offering competitive salaries and wages by continuously assessing the current business environment and labor market. We have consistently made enhancements in wages in order to attract talent to support our growth strategy and to elevate the customer experience. To foster a stronger sense of ownership and align the interests of partners with shareholders, restricted stock units are provided to eligible non-executive partners under our broad-based stock incentive programs. Furthermore, we offer comprehensive, locally relevant and innovative benefits to all eligible partners. The following list summarizes key benefits provided in the U.S., which is our largest and most mature market: 
 Comprehensive health insurance coverage is offered to partners working an average of 20 hours or more each week. 
 100 upfront tuition coverage through the Starbucks College Achievement Plan for partners to earn a first-time bachelor s degree online at Arizona State University is offered to partners working an average of 20 hours or more each week. 
 Our Future Roast 401(k) savings plan helps partners save for their financial goal through convenient payroll deductions. Partners can contribute pre-tax or Roth after-tax dollars, and Starbucks matches 5 of eligible contributions with immediate vesting in those matching contributions. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

100 paid parental leave is available to new parents that welcome a child through birth, adoption, or foster placement and work an average of 20 hours or more each week. 
 A Partner and Family Sick Time program is provided and allows partners to accrue paid sick time based on hours worked and use that time for themselves or family members in need of care. 
 We view mental health as a fundamental part of our humanity and provide a comprehensive suite of related programs and benefits. These include a free subscription to Headspace, an online application that enables guided meditation, and 20 free mental health therapy or coaching sessions annually with Lyra. 
 Outside of the U.S., we have provided other innovative benefits to help address market-specific needs, such as providing interest-free loans to our U.K. partners to help cover rental deposits, mental health services in Canada, and, in China, an extra 14th Month Pay initiative, giving retail partners an additional month s salary as a bonus on top of the 13th month pay that is customary in China, as well as a monthly housing subsidy for full-time Starbucks baristas and shift supervisors, and comprehensive health insurance coverage for parents of partners. 
 Role-based Support 
 To help our partners succeed in their roles, we emphasize continuous training and development opportunities. These include, but are not limited to, safety and security protocols, updates on new products and service offerings, and deployment of technologies. Training provided through our Pour Over sessions, which are a series of inspiring talks with thought leaders to help partners understand how to bring the Starbucks Experience to life, include a wide variety of topics such as achievable goal setting, giving and receiving constructive feedback, and effective engagement with customers and communities. To help further promote an inclusive culture and to better serve our customers, we encourage U.S.-based partners to enroll in the To Be Welcoming courses we created in partnership with Arizona State University to address different forms of bias and discrimination. 
 Pay Equity 
 To be an employer of choice and maintain the strength of our workforce, we consistently assess the current business environment and labor market to refine our compensation and benefits programs and other resources available to our partners. 
 Starbucks is committed to pay equity. We ve achieved and maintained racial and gender pay equity for partners in the U.S. who are performing similar work, and we re working toward achieving gender pay equity for Starbucks partners who are performing similar work in all of our company-operated markets globally. Further, we have formulated pay-equity principles, which provide equal footing, transparency, and accountability as best practices that help address known, systemic barriers to global pay equity. 
 As of September 29, 2024, Starbucks employed approximately 361,000 people worldwide. In the U.S., Starbucks employed approximately 211,000 people, with approximately 201,000 in company-operated stores and the remainder in corporate support, store development, roasting, manufacturing, warehousing, and distribution operations. Approximately 150,000 employees were employed outside of the U.S., with approximately 144,000 in company-operated stores and the remainder in regional support operations. Approximately 5 of Starbucks partners in U.S. company-operated stores are represented by unions. We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective, evidenced by low turnover, a strong culture, and active employee participation. 
 
 Information about our Executive Officers Name Age Position Brian Niccol 
 50 chairman and chief executive officer 
 Rachel Ruggeri 
 55 executive vice president, chief financial officer 
 Brady Brewer 
 51 chief executive officer, Starbucks International 
 Sara Kelly 
 45 executive vice president, chief partner officer 
 Brad Lerman 
 68 executive vice president, chief legal officer 
 
 Brian Niccol joined Starbucks as its chairman and chief executive officer in September 2024. Mr. Niccol spent more than 25 years in leadership, marketing, and operations roles for some of the world s most respected brands. Mr. Niccol joined Starbucks after leading Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. through a period of growth and transformation, having served as a director and as its chief executive officer from 2018 to 2024 and as its chairman, from 2020 to 2024. Before joining Chipotle, he served as chief executive officer of Taco Bell, a division of Yum! Brands, Inc., from 2015 to 2018, after having served as its President (2013 to 2014) and chief marketing and innovation officer (2011 to 2012). Mr. Niccol also served in leadership roles at Pizza Hut, another division of Yum! Brands from 2005 to 2011. Mr. Niccol currently serves on the Board of Directors of Walmart Inc., a NYSE-listed omni-channel retailer. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Rachel Ruggeri joined Starbucks in 2001 as a member of the accounting team and was named executive vice president and chief financial officer in 2021. In August 2024, she served as interim chief executive officer during Starbucks recent chief executive officer transition. In her role as chief financial officer, Ms. Ruggeri is responsible for the global finance function for Starbucks, which includes developing and executing the financial strategies that enable the long-term growth of the Company. Prior to her promotion in 2021, she served as senior vice president of Americas with responsibility for the retail portfolio across the segment, including company-operated and licensed stores from 2020 to 2021. From 2016 to 2020, she held various leadership roles in finance both internal and external to Starbucks, including Chief Financial Officer of Continental Mills from 2018 to 2020 and prior to that she was senior vice president of Finance at Starbucks in support of the Americas and Global Retail from 2016 to 2018. She also served as vice president of Finance from 2010 to 2016 supporting Corporate Financial Planning Analysis and the U.S. Retail business. Ms. Ruggeri currently serves on the Board of Directors of Stryker Corporation, a NYSE-listed medical technologies company. 
 Brady Brewer joined Starbucks in 2001 and has served as chief executive officer, Starbucks International since April 2024, where he is responsible for the teams across Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East, Africa, Japan, Latin America, and the Caribbean, as well as Global Channel Development and the Company s international licensed partners. From February 2020 through March 2024, he served as Starbucks executive vice president and chief marketing officer, leading the Starbucks brand, marketing, food and beverage portfolio, digital customer experience innovation, R D/Engineering, creative and brand management, consumer insights, data analytics, and sustainability. His prior roles at Starbucks include senior vice president of Digital Customer Experience for Starbucks (2019 through February 2020), where he focused on delivering new innovations that made the Starbucks Experience continually more effortless and delightful for customers; chief operating officer for Starbucks Japan (2016 to 2019), where he led store operations as well as brand and marketing strategy; and senior vice president, Marketing and Product for the Company s China and Asia Pacific region (2014 to 2016). 
 Sara Kelly joined Starbucks in 2001 and has served as executive vice president and chief partner officer since 2022, where she is responsible for helping partners realize their career potential and building global partner capability to enable growth and deliver on the Company s strategic plan. Prior to her current role, Ms. Kelly was senior vice president, Talent Partner Experience from 2021 to 2022, where she was responsible for advancing Starbucks talent and organizational leadership agenda and was focused on amplifying the strategic work being led by the talent acquisition, talent management, partner experience, learning and development, and organization and leadership effectiveness teams. From 2014 to 2021, Ms. Kelly served as vice president, Partner Resources, supporting partners in our global markets. 
 Brad Lerman joined Starbucks in April 2023 as executive vice president and general counsel and has served as executive vice president and chief legal officer since April 2024. In this role, he leads the Company s Legal and Corporate Affairs organization. Prior to Starbucks, Mr. Lerman served as senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary of Medtronic plc from 2014 to 2022; and executive vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary for the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) from 2012 to 2014. Mr. Lerman has also served as chief litigation counsel for Pfizer and has worked in private practice as a partner at Winston Strawn LLP in Chicago. He also served as an Assistant United States Attorney in the Northern District of Illinois. Mr. Lerman currently serves on the Board of Directors of McKesson Corporation, a NYSE-listed health care, pharmaceutical, and medical supply company. 

Segment Financial Information 
 Segment information is prepared on the same basis that our ceo, who is our Chief Operating Decision Maker, manages the segments, evaluates financial results, and makes key operating decisions. 
 We have three reportable operating segments: 1) North America, which is inclusive of the U.S. and Canada; 2) International, which is inclusive of China, Japan, Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America, and the Caribbean; and 3) Channel Development. Unallocated corporate expenses are reported within Corporate and Other. Revenues from our reportable operating segments as a percentage of total net revenues for fiscal 2024 were as follows: North America (75 ), International (20 ), and Channel Development (5 ). 
 Our North America and International segments include both company-operated and licensed stores. Our North America segment is our most mature business and has achieved significant scale. Certain markets within our International operations are in various stages of development and may require more extensive support, relative to their current levels of revenue and operating income, than our North America operations. 
 Our Channel Development segment includes roasted whole bean and ground coffees, Starbucks-branded single-serve products, a variety of ready-to-drink beverages, such as Frappuccino and Starbucks Doubleshot , foodservice products, and other branded products sold worldwide outside of our company-operated and licensed stores. A large portion of our Channel Development business operates under a licensed model of the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestl , while our global ready-to-drink businesses operate under collaborative relationships with PepsiCo, Inc., Tingyi-Ashi Beverages Holding Co., Ltd., Arla Foods amba, Nestl , and others. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Revenue Components 
 We generate the majority of our revenues through company-operated stores and licensed stores. 
 Company-operated and Licensed Store Summary as of September 29, 2024: North America As a of Total North America Stores International As a of Total International Stores Total As a of Total Stores Company-operated stores 11,161 61 9,857 45 21,018 52 Licensed stores 7,263 39 11,918 55 19,181 48 Total 18,424 100 21,775 100 40,199 100 
 The mix of company-operated versus licensed stores in a given market generally varies based on several factors, including our ability to access desirable local retail space, the complexity, profitability, and expected ultimate size of the market for Starbucks, and our ability to leverage the support infrastructure within a geographic region. 
 
 Company-operated Stores 
 Revenue from company-operated stores accounted for 82 of total net revenues during fiscal 2024. Our retail objective is to be the leading retailer and brand of coffee and tea in each of our target markets by selling the finest quality coffee, tea, and related products, as well as complementary food offerings, and by providing each customer with a unique Starbucks Experience . The Starbucks Experience is built upon superior customer service, convenience, and a seamless digital experience as well as safe, clean, and well-maintained stores that reflect the personalities of the communities in which they operate, thereby building a high degree of customer loyalty. 
 Our strategy for expanding our global retail business is to increase our category share in a disciplined manner, by selectively opening additional stores in new and existing markets, as well as increasing sales in existing stores, to support our long-term strategic objective to maintain Starbucks standing as one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world. Store growth in specific existing markets will vary due to many factors, including expected financial returns, the maturity of the market, economic conditions, consumer behavior, and the local business environment. 
 Company-operated store data for the fiscal year-ended September 29, 2024: Stores Open 
 as of 
 Stores Open 
 as of 
 Oct 1, 2023 Opened Closed Transfers Net Sep 29, 2024 North America: U.S. 9,645 611 (96) (2) 513 10,158 Canada 977 37 (17) 20 997 Siren Retail 6 6 Total North America 10,628 648 (113) (2) 533 11,161 International: China 6,804 855 (65) 790 7,594 Japan 1,733 90 (14) 76 1,809 U.K. 355 32 (9) 23 378 All Other 67 4 4 71 Siren Retail 5 5 Total International 8,964 981 (88) 893 9,857 Total company-operated 19,592 1,629 (201) (2) 1,426 21,018 
 Starbucks company-operated stores are typically located in high-traffic, high-visibility locations. Our ability to vary the size and format of our stores allows us to locate them in or near a variety of settings, including downtown and suburban retail centers, office buildings, university campuses, and rural and off-highway locations. We are continuing the expansion of our stores, particularly drive-thru formats that provide a higher degree of access and convenience, as well as other store formats that cater to a variety of customer needs. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Retail sales mix by product type for company-operated stores: Fiscal Year Ended Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 Oct 2, 2022 Beverages 74 74 74 Food 23 22 22 Other (1) 
 3 4 4 Total 100 100 100 
 (1) Other primarily consists of serveware, packaged and single-serve coffees and teas, and ready-to-drink beverages, among other items. 
 Stored Value Cards and Loyalty Program 
 Our branded stored value card program (the Starbucks Card is designed to provide customers with a convenient payment method, support gifting, and increase the frequency of store visits by cardholders, in part through the related Starbucks Rewards loyalty program where available, as discussed below. Starbucks Cards are issued to customers when they initially load them with an account balance. They can be obtained in our company-operated and most licensed stores in North America, China, Japan, and many of our other markets in our International segment. Starbucks Cards can also be obtained online, via the Starbucks Mobile App, and through other U.S. and international retailers. Customers may access their card balances by utilizing their Starbucks Card or the Starbucks Mobile App in participating stores. In nearly all markets, including the U.S. and Canada, customers who register their Starbucks Cards are automatically enrolled in the Starbucks Rewards program. Registered members can receive various benefits depending on factors such as the number of reward points Stars earned. In addition to using their Starbucks Cards, Starbucks Rewards members can earn Stars by paying with cash, credit or debit cards, or selected mobile wallets at all company-operated stores and a majority of licensed stores in North America. Using the Mobile Order and Pay functionality of the Starbucks Mobile App, customers can also place orders in advance for pick-up at certain participating locations in several markets. Refer to Note 1 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates, included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K, for further discussion of our Starbucks Cards and loyalty program. 
 
 Licensed Stores 
 Revenues from our licensed stores accounted for 12 of total net revenues in fiscal 2024. Licensed stores generally have a lower gross margin and a higher operating margin than company-operated stores. Under the licensed model, Starbucks receives a margin on branded products and supplies sold to the licensed store operator along with a royalty on retail sales. Licensees are responsible for operating costs and capital investments, which more than offset the lower revenues we receive under the licensed store model. 
 In our licensed store operations, we seek to leverage the expertise of our local partners and share our operating and store development experience. Licensees provide improved, and at times the only, access to desirable retail space. Most licensees are prominent retailers with in-depth market knowledge and access. As part of these arrangements, we sell coffee, tea, food, and related products to licensees for resale to customers and receive royalties and license fees from the licensees. We also sell certain equipment, such as coffee brewers and espresso machines, to our licensees for use in their operations. Licensee employees working in licensed retail locations are required to follow our detailed store operating procedures and attend training classes similar to those given to employees in company-operated stores. In a limited number of international markets, we also use traditional franchising and include these stores in the results of operations from our other licensed stores. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Licensed store data for the fiscal year-ended September 29, 2024: Stores Open 
 as of 
 Stores Open 
 as of 
 Oct 1, 2023 Opened Closed Transfers Net Sep 29, 2024 North America: U.S. 6,701 232 (158) 2 76 6,777 Canada 481 26 (21) 5 486 Total North America 7,182 258 (179) 2 81 7,263 International: Korea 1,870 144 (34) 110 1,980 Latin America 1,649 139 (83) 56 1,705 U.K. 911 87 (22) 65 976 Turkey 676 46 46 722 Taiwan 563 24 (16) 8 571 Indonesia 581 30 (8) 22 603 Thailand 474 40 (1) 39 513 Philippines 447 33 (1) 32 479 All Other 4,093 426 (150) 276 4,369 Total International 11,264 969 (315) 654 11,918 Total licensed 18,446 1,227 (494) 2 735 19,181 
 
 Other Revenues 
 Other revenues primarily are recorded in our Channel Development segment and include sales of packaged coffee, tea, and ready-to-drink beverages to customers outside of our company-operated and licensed stores, as well as royalties received from Nestl under the Global Coffee Alliance and other collaborative partnerships. 
 
 Product Supply 
 Starbucks is committed to selling the finest whole bean coffees and coffee beverages. To help ensure compliance with our rigorous coffee standards, we generally control substantially all coffee purchasing, roasting, and packaging, and the global distribution of coffee used in our operations. Nestl controls distribution of Starbucks packaged coffee products outside of Starbucks stores through the Global Coffee Alliance, and in some cases, also roasts and packages these products. We purchase green coffee beans from multiple coffee-producing regions around the world and custom roast them to our exacting standards for our many blends and single-origin coffees. 
 The price of coffee is subject to significant volatility. Although most coffee trades in the commodity market, high-altitude arabica coffee of the quality sought by Starbucks tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a premium above the C coffee commodity price. Both the premium and the commodity price depend upon the supply and demand at the time of purchase. Supply and price can be affected by multiple factors in the producing countries, including weather, water supply quality and availability throughout the coffee production chain, natural disasters, crop disease and pests, general increases in farm inputs and costs of production, inventory levels, and political and economic conditions. Climate change may further exacerbate many of these factors. Price is also impacted by trading activities in the arabica coffee futures market, including hedge funds and commodity index funds. In addition, green coffee prices have been affected in the past, and may be affected in the future, by the actions of certain organizations and associations that have historically attempted to influence prices of green coffee through agreements establishing export quotas or by restricting coffee supplies. 
 We buy coffee using fixed-price and price-to-be-fixed purchase commitments, depending on market conditions, to secure an adequate supply of quality green coffee. We also utilize forward contracts, futures contracts, and collars to hedge C price exposure under our price-to-be-fixed green coffee contracts and our long-term forecasted coffee demand where underlying fixed-price and price-to-be-fixed contracts are not yet available. Total purchase commitments, together with existing inventory, are expected to provide an adequate supply of green coffee through fiscal 2025. 
 We depend upon our relationships with coffee producers, outside trading companies, and exporters for our supply of green coffee. We believe, based on the established relationship and historical performance of our suppliers, that the risk of non-delivery on such purchase commitments is remote. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

To help ensure the future supply of high-quality green coffee and to reinforce our leadership role in the coffee industry, Starbucks operates ten farmer support centers, including our China Farmer Support Center located in the Yunnan Province of this high-growth market. Farmer support centers are staffed with agronomists and sustainability experts who work with coffee farming communities to promote best practices in coffee production designed to improve both coffee quality and yields as well as agronomy support to address climate change and other impacts. 
 In addition to coffee, we also purchase significant amounts of dairy, particularly fluid milk, and to a lesser degree, plant-based dairy-free alternative products, such as oat milk and almond milk, to support the needs of our company-operated stores. We believe, based on the established relationship and historical performance of our dairy and plant-based dairy-free suppliers, that the risk of non-delivery of sufficient fluid milk and plant-based dairy-free alternatives to support our stores generally is remote. 
 Products other than whole bean coffees and coffee beverages sold in Starbucks stores include tea and a number of ready-to-drink beverages that are purchased from several specialty suppliers, usually under long-term supply contracts. Food products, such as pastries, breakfast sandwiches, and lunch items, are purchased from national, regional, and local sources. We also purchase a broad range of paper and plastic products, such as cups and cutlery, from several companies to support the needs of our retail stores as well as our manufacturing and distribution operations. We are also expanding our use of reusable packaging to reduce landfill waste. We believe, based on the established relationship and historical performance of our suppliers and manufacturers, that the risk of non-delivery of sufficient amounts of these items generally is remote. 
 
 Competition 
 Our primary competitors for coffee beverage sales are specialty coffee retailers and shops. We believe that our customers choose among specialty coffee retailers and shops primarily on the basis of product quality, brand reputation, service, and convenience, as well as price. We continue to experience direct competition from large competitors in the quick-service restaurant sector and the ready-to-drink coffee beverage market, in addition to both well-established and start-up companies in many international markets. We also compete with restaurants and other specialty retailers for prime retail locations and qualified personnel to operate both new and existing stores. 
 Our coffee and tea products sold through our Channel Development segment compete directly against specialty coffees and teas sold through grocery stores, warehouse clubs, specialty retailers, convenience stores, and foodservice accounts and also compete indirectly against all other coffees and teas on the market. 
 
 Trademarks, Copyrights, Patents, and Domain Names 
 Starbucks owns and has applied to register numerous trademarks and service marks in the U.S. and in other countries throughout the world. Some of our trademarks, including Starbucks, the Starbucks logo, Starbucks Reserve, and Frappuccino, are of material importance. The duration of trademark registrations varies from country to country. However, trademarks are generally valid and may be renewed indefinitely as long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained. 
 We own numerous copyrights for items such as product packaging, promotional materials, in-store graphics, and training materials. We also hold patents on certain products, systems, and designs, which have an average remaining duration of approximately thirteen years. In addition, Starbucks has registered and maintains numerous Internet domain names, including Starbucks.com, Starbucks.net, and Starbucksreserve.com. 
 
 Seasonality and Quarterly Results 
 Our business is subject to moderate seasonal fluctuations, of which our second fiscal quarter typically experiences lower revenues and operating income. Additionally, as Starbucks Cards are issued to, and loaded by, customers during the holiday season, we tend to have higher cash flows from operations during the first quarter of the fiscal year. However, since revenues from Starbucks Cards are recognized upon redemption and not when cash is loaded onto the Starbucks Cards, the impact of seasonal fluctuations on the consolidated statements of earnings is much less pronounced. As a result of moderate seasonal fluctuations, results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 As a company with global operations, we are subject to the laws and regulations of the United States and the multiple foreign jurisdictions in which we operate as well as the rules, reporting obligations, and interpretations of all such requirements and obligations by various governing bodies, which may differ among jurisdictions. In addition, changes to such laws, regulations, rules, reporting obligations, and related compliance obligations could result in significant costs but are not expected to have a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations, and competitive position as compared to prior periods. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Available Information 
 Starbucks Annual Report on Form 10-K reports, along with all other reports and amendments filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), are publicly available free of charge on the Investor Relations section of our website at investor.starbucks.com as soon as reasonably practicable after these materials are filed with or furnished to the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Our corporate governance policies, code of ethics, and Board committee charters and policies are also posted on the Investor Relations section of our website. We also use the Investor Relations section of our website and our social media channels as tools to disclose important information about the Company and comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation Fair Disclosure. We encourage investors and others to review the information we make public on the Investor Relations section of our website and our social media channels, as such information could be deemed material information. The information on our website (or any webpages referenced in this Report) or our social media channels is not part of this or any other report Starbucks files with, or furnishes to, the SEC, and all website addresses in this report are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations section, the Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk section, and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks described below are not the only risks facing the Company. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 Summary of Risks Associated with Our Business 
 Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in the Company. These risks are described in more detail in this Item 1A. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Risks Related to Brand Relevance and Brand Execution 
 Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands, and failure to preserve their value could have a negative impact on our financial results. 
 We may not be successful in our marketing strategies, promotional and advertising plans, and pricing strategies. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We may not be successful in implementing important strategic initiatives or effectively managing growth, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 
 Our investments to transform and enhance the customer experience, including through technology, may not generate the expected results. 
 Evolving consumer preferences and tastes, as well as adverse public or medical opinions about the health effects of consuming our products, may adversely affect our business. 
 If our business partners and third-party providers do not satisfactorily fulfill their responsibilities and commitments, it could damage our brand, and our financial results could suffer. 
 Reported incidents involving food- or beverage-borne illnesses, tampering, adulteration, contamination, or mislabeling, whether or not accurate, could harm our business. 
 If we are unable to meet our projections for new store openings or efficiently maintain the attractiveness of our existing stores, our operating results could suffer. 
 Risks Related to Operating a Global Business 
 We are highly dependent on the financial performance of our North America operating segment. 
 We are increasingly dependent on the success of certain international markets in order to achieve our growth targets. 
 We face risks as a global business that could adversely affect our financial performance. 
 Our reliance on key business partners may adversely affect our business and operations. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Supply Chain 
 Increases in the cost of high-quality arabica coffee beans or other commodities or decreases in the availability of high-quality arabica coffee beans or other commodities could have an adverse impact on our business operations and financial results. 
 Our supply chain may be unable to fully support current and future business needs. 
 Interruption of our supply chain and our reliance on suppliers could affect our ability to produce or deliver our products and could negatively impact our business and profitability. 
 Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions 
 Our financial condition and results of operations are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, a number of macroeconomic and other factors, many of which are largely outside our control. 
 Economic conditions in the U.S. and international markets have adversely affected, and could continue to adversely affect, our business and financial results. 
 Failure to meet our announced guidance or market expectations for our financial performance will likely adversely affect the market price and increase the volatility of our stock, and fluctuations in the stock market as a whole may also impact the market price and volatility of our stock. 
 Risks Related to Human Capital 
 The loss of key personnel, difficulties with recruiting and retaining qualified personnel, or ineffectively managing changes in our workforce could adversely impact our business and financial results. 
 Changes in the availability and cost of labor could adversely affect our business. 
 Risks Related to Competition 
 We face intense competition in each of our channels and markets, which could lead to reduced profitability. 
 Risks Related to Environmental, Social, and Governance Matters 
 Climate change may have an adverse impact on our business. 
 Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to environmental, social, and governance matters, that could expose us to numerous risks. 
 Certain activist shareholder actions have caused, and could continue to cause, us to incur expense, hinder execution of our business strategy, and adversely impact our stock price. 
 Risks Related to Regulation and Litigation 
 Failure to comply with applicable laws and changing legal and regulatory requirements could harm our business and financial results. 
 We have been, and could continue to be, party to litigation or other legal proceedings that could adversely affect our business, results, operations, and reputation. 
 Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Data Privacy 
 Failure to maintain satisfactory compliance with certain privacy and data protection laws and regulations may result in substantial negative financial consequences, reputational harm, and civil or criminal penalties. 
 The unauthorized access, use, theft, or destruction of customer or employee data (personal, financial, or other), or of Starbucks proprietary or confidential information that is stored in our information systems or by third parties on our behalf, could impact our reputation and brand and expose us to potential liability and loss of revenues. 
 We rely heavily on information technology in our operations and growth initiatives, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption, or security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate and grow our business and could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property or ensure that we are not infringing on the intellectual property of others could harm the value of our brand and our business. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Brand Relevance and Brand Execution 
 Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands, and failure to preserve their value could have a negative impact on our financial results. 
 We believe we have built an excellent reputation globally for the quality of our products, for delivery of a consistently positive consumer experience, and for our global environmental and social impact programs. The Starbucks brand is recognized throughout most of the world, and we have received high ratings in global brand value studies. To be successful in the future, particularly outside of the U.S. where the Starbucks brand and our other brands are less well-known, we believe we must preserve, grow, and leverage the value of our brands across all sales channels. Brand value is based in part on consumer perceptions on a variety of subjective qualities. 
 Erosion of trust in our brand value can be caused by isolated or recurring incidents originating both from us or our business partners, or from external events. Such incidents can potentially trigger boycotts of our stores or result in civil or criminal liability, which can have a negative impact on our financial results. Incidents that can erode trust in our brand value include actual or perceived breaches of privacy or violations of domestic or international privacy laws, contaminated food, product recalls, store employees or other food handlers infected with communicable diseases, safety-related incidents, or other potential incidents discussed in this risk factors section. The impact of such incidents may be exacerbated if they receive considerable publicity, including rapidly through social or digital media (including for malicious reasons), or if they result in litigation. Negative postings or comments on social media or networking websites about Starbucks, even if inaccurate or malicious, have in the past, and could in the future, generate negative publicity about Starbucks across media channels that could damage the value of our brand. It may be difficult to address such negative publicity, including as a result of fictitious media content (such as content produced by generative artificial intelligence or bad actors) across media channels. Additionally, consumer demand for our products and our brand value could diminish significantly if we, our employees, licensees, or other business partners fail to preserve the quality of our products, act or are perceived to act in an unethical, illegal, racially-biased, unequal, inequitable, or socially irresponsible manner, including with respect to the sourcing, content, or sale of our products, service and treatment of customers at Starbucks stores, treatment of employees, including our responses to unionization efforts, or the use of customer data for general or direct marketing or other purposes. Allegations, even if untrue, that we are not respecting internationally recognized human rights, are failing to comply with applicable workplace and labor laws, or are aligned with positions on social or geopolitical issues could also negatively impact our brand value. Additionally, if we fail to comply with laws and regulations, take controversial positions or actions, fail to deliver a consistently positive consumer experience in each of our markets, including by failing to invest in the right balance of wages and benefits to attract and retain employees who represent the brand well, or fail to foster an inclusive and diverse environment, our brand value may be diminished. In addition, we cannot ensure that our store partners, licensees, or other business partners will not take actions that adversely affect the value and relevance of our brand. 
 Furthermore, if we are not effective in making sufficient progress toward our environmental and social program goals, consumer trust in our brand may suffer, and this perception could result in negative publicity or litigation. The ongoing relevance of our brand may depend on making sufficient progress toward our environmental and social program goals, each of which requires company-wide coordination and alignment. Increased public focus, including by governmental and nongovernmental organizations, on environmental sustainability matters, including climate change, diminishing energy and water resources, packaging and waste, deforestation, biodiversity loss, greenhouse gas emissions, and land use, may result in increased pressure to set goals and take actions to meet them, which could expose us to market, operational, and execution costs or risks. Statements regarding our environmental and social program goals reflect our current plans and aspirations; our environmental and social program-related policies, practices, and goals are voluntary, challenging, and subject to change at our discretion. Some third parties may object to the scope or nature of our environmental and social program initiatives or goals, or any revisions to these initiatives or goals, which could give rise to negative responses by governmental actors (such as retaliatory legislative treatment), consumers (such as boycotts or negative publicity campaigns), or other third parties that could adversely affect our brand value. 
 We may not be successful in our marketing strategies, promotional and advertising plans, and pricing strategies. 
 Our continued success depends in part on our ability to adjust our marketing strategies, promotional and advertising plans, and pricing strategies to respond quickly and effectively to shifting economic and competitive conditions as well as evolving customer preferences. We operate in a complex and costly marketing, promotional, and advertising environment. Competition to attract and retain high-quality marketing partners and endorsers has increased. Our decisions to collaborate or to cease collaborating with certain endorsers or marketing partners in light of actions taken or statements made by them could seriously harm our brand image with consumers and, as a result, could have an adverse effect on our sales and financial condition. Our marketing, promotional, and advertising programs may not be successful in reaching consumers in the way we intend. Our success depends in part on whether the allocation of our advertising, promotional, and marketing resources across different channels, including digital, allows us to effectively and efficiently reach consumers in ways that are meaningful to them. Additionally, many factors, including operating costs, constraints, or changes, and our current and future competitors pricing 
 13 

Table of Contents 

and marketing strategies, could significantly affect our pricing strategies (including price reductions, promotions, discounts, coupons, or free goods), which may prevent us from competing effectively in certain geographies. For example, historically, in order to partially offset inflation and other increases in the costs of core operating resources, we have gradually increased menu prices. There can be no assurance that future cost increases, including as a result of inflation, can be offset by increased menu prices or that our current or future menu prices will be fully absorbed by our customers without any resulting change to their demand for our products. If the advertising, promotional, and marketing programs or our pricing strategies are not successful or are not as successful as those of our competitors, our sales and market share could decrease. 
 Finally, consumers are focusing more on sustainability and the environmental impacts of Starbucks operations, as well as the alignment of Starbucks actions with its stated mission, values, and promises. An inability to meet consumer expectations with respect to these issues could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We may not be successful in implementing important strategic initiatives or effectively managing growth, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 
 We may not be able to implement important strategic initiatives in accordance with our expectations or that generate expected returns, which may result in an adverse impact on our business and financial results. These strategic initiatives, which include our Back to Starbucks plan, are designed to create growth, improve our results of operations, and drive long-term shareholder value, and include: 
 being an employer of choice and investing in partners to deliver a superior customer experience; 
 building our leadership position around coffee; 
 driving convenience, brand engagement, and digital relationships through our mobile, loyalty, delivery, and digital capabilities both domestically and internationally; 
 simplifying store administrative tasks to allow store partners to better engage with customers; 
 increasing the scale of the Starbucks store footprint with disciplined global expansion and continuing to introduce flexible and unique store formats in certain markets; 
 adjusting rapidly to changing customer preferences and behaviors as a result of changing economic conditions and increased global interest rates and inflation; 
 moving to a more licensed store model in certain markets and a more company-operated model in other markets; 
 creating new occasions in stores across all dayparts with new product offerings, including our growing lunch food and beverage product lineup; 
 continuing the global growth of our Channel Development business through our supply, distribution, and licensing agreements with Nestl and other Channel Development business partners; 
 delivering continued growth in our cold beverage business; 
 working to address the potential effects of climate change and the sustainability of our business; and 
 reducing our operating costs, particularly general and administrative expenses. 
 In addition to other factors listed in this risk factors section, factors that may adversely affect the successful implementation of these initiatives, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results, include the following: 
 delays or cancellations of store openings for reasons beyond our control, such as potential shortages of materials and labor, delays in permits, or a lack of desirable real estate locations available for lease at reasonable rates, any of which could keep us from meeting annual store opening targets in the U.S. and internationally; 
 not successfully scaling our supply chain infrastructure as we continue to expand; 
 not successfully adapting to customer or market factors affecting our supply chain as we work to address sustainability goals and mitigate the impacts of climate change; 
 14 

Table of Contents 

inability to timely innovate with new product offerings, or the potential that such offerings may not be well-received by consumers; 
 delays or cancellations of remodels based on changes in macroeconomic conditions, changes in expected project benefits, or other factors; 
 construction cost increases associated with new store openings and remodeling of existing stores; 
 the challenges of company-wide coordination and alignment; 
 inability to identify or act on opportunities to deliver anticipated cost savings; 
 imposition of additional taxes by jurisdictions, such as on certain types of beverages or based on number of employees; 
 governmental regulations or other health guidelines concerning operations of stores, including due to public health emergencies; 
 deterioration in our credit ratings, which could limit the availability of additional financing and increase the cost of obtaining financing to fund our initiatives; and 
 geopolitical instability and international conflicts. 
 Effectively managing growth can be challenging, particularly as we continue to expand in international markets where we must balance the need for flexibility and a degree of autonomy for local management against the need for consistency with our goals, policies, and standards. If we are not successful in implementing our strategic initiatives, or, in the event we undertake large acquisitions, integrations, and divestitures, we may be required to evaluate whether certain assets, including goodwill and other intangibles, have become impaired. In the event we record an impairment charge, it could have a material impact on our financial results. 
 Our investments to transform and enhance the customer experience, including through technology, may not generate the expected results. 
 Our long-term business objectives depend on the successful execution of our strategies. We continue to build upon our investments in development, technology, digital engagement, and delivery in order to transform and enhance the customer experience. As part of these investments, we continue to focus on improving our service model and strengthening relationships with customers, in part through digital channels and loyalty initiatives, mobile order and payment systems, and enhancement of our technologies. We also continue to expand and refine our mobile ordering process. If these customer experience initiatives are not successfully executed or do not generate expected results, or if we do not fully realize the intended benefits of these significant investments, our financial results may suffer. It is also possible that the greater allocation of time and resources to these customer experience initiatives versus other organizational priorities could negatively impact other areas of our business, or that we will fail to achieve optimal allocation of resources, which could materially harm our business and results of operations. 
 Evolving consumer preferences and tastes, as well as adverse public or medical opinions about the health effects of consuming our products, may adversely affect our business. 
 Our continued success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers. Our financial results could be adversely affected by a shift in consumer spending away from outside-the-home food and beverages (such as a reduction in discretionary spending); lack of customer acceptance of new products (including due to price increases necessary to cover the costs of new products or higher input costs), brands (such as the global expansion of the Starbucks brand), and platforms (such as features of our mobile technology, changes in our loyalty rewards programs, and our delivery services initiatives); or customers reducing their demand for our current offerings as new products are introduced. In addition, some of our products contain caffeine, dairy products, sugar, and other compounds and allergens, the health effects of which are the subject of public and regulatory scrutiny, including the suggestion of linkages to a variety of adverse health effects. Particularly in the U.S., there is increasing consumer awareness of health risks, including obesity, as well as increased consumer litigation based on alleged adverse health impacts of consumption of various food and beverage products. An unfavorable report on the health effects of caffeine or other compounds present in our products, whether or not accurate, imposition of additional taxes on certain types of food and beverage components, or negative publicity or litigation arising from certain health risks could significantly reduce the demand for our beverages and food products and materially harm our business and results of operations. Changes in diet (whether due to changes in consumer behavior and eating habits, use of weight-loss drugs, or other factors) could also influence the demand for our offerings and materially harm our business and results of operations. Our financial results have been, and could continue to 
 15 

Table of Contents 

be, adversely affected by changes in macroeconomic conditions, including those discussed in more detail elsewhere in this risk factors section. Such changes have impacted, and could continue to impact, customer routines, employer work-from-home policies, and consumer behavior, including consumers ability or willingness to spend discretionary income on our products. 
 If our business partners and third-party providers do not satisfactorily fulfill their responsibilities and commitments, it could damage our brand, and our financial results could suffer. 
 Our global business strategy, including our plans for new stores, branded products, and other initiatives, relies significantly on a variety of business partners, including licensees, joint venture partners, third-party manufacturers, distributors, and retailers, particularly for our entire global Channel Development business. Licensees, retailers, and foodservice operators are often authorized to use our logos and provide branded food, beverage, and other products directly to customers. We believe our customers expect the same quality of service regardless of whether they visit a licensed or company-operated store, so we provide training and support to, and monitor the operations of, certain of these licensees and other business partners. However, the product quality and service they deliver may still be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control, including financial constraints or solvency issues, adherence to sanitation protocols and guidance, labor shortages, and other factors. We do not have direct control over our business partners and may not have visibility into their practices. 
 We also source our food, beverage, and other products from a wide variety of domestic and international business partners, and in certain cases, such products are produced or sourced by our licensees directly. We do not monitor the quality of non-Starbucks products served by foodservice operators who are authorized to use our logos and provide branded products as part of their foodservice businesses. Failures by our licensees or business providers to comply with the laws or regulations of their markets, or to otherwise meet the standards consumers associate with our brand, may negatively impact our business. Additionally, inconsistent use of our brand and other intellectual property assets, as well as the failure to protect our intellectual property, could erode consumer trust and diminish our brand value, which could result in a material negative impact on our financial results. 
 Reported incidents involving food- or beverage-borne illnesses, tampering, adulteration, contamination, or mislabeling, whether or not accurate, could harm our business. 
 Instances or reports, whether true or not, of unclean water supply or food-safety issues, such as food- or beverage-borne illnesses, tampering, adulteration, contamination, and/or mislabeling, either during growing, manufacturing, packaging, transporting, storing, or preparation, have in the past severely injured the reputations of companies in the food and beverage processing, grocery, and quick-service restaurant sectors. Any report linking us to such instances, even when false, unfounded, or inaccurate, could materially harm our sales and could lead to product liability claims, litigation (including class actions), temporary store closures, or other adverse consequences. Validated food-safety issues can also result in regulatory action and may lead to a recall of impacted products. Clean water is critical to the preparation of coffee, tea, and other beverages, as well as ice for our cold beverages, and our ability to ensure adequate supplies of clean water and ice to our stores can be limited, particularly in some international locations. We continue to incorporate more products in our food and beverage lineup that require time and temperature control, including freezing or refrigeration, which increases the risk of food-safety related incidents if correct temperatures are not maintained during manufacturing, storage, distribution to stores, and at stores, due to mechanical malfunction or human error. 
 We also face risk by relying on third-party food suppliers to manufacture finished products, and to provide and transport ingredients and finished products to our stores. The product quality and service they deliver may be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control. Potential food safety incidents, whether at our stores, with our products, or involving our business partners, could lead to wide public exposure, regulatory action, and potential litigation, which could materially harm our business. 
 A widespread Starbucks product recall could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time, and could also subject us to product liability claims and negative publicity, all of which could materially harm our business. A decrease in customer traffic because of food-safety concerns or negative publicity, product recalls, viral-contaminated food or beverage claims, or other food or beverage-safety claims or litigation, or as a result of a temporary closure of any of our stores, could materially harm our business and results of operations. Additionally, instances of food or beverage-safety issues, even those solely involving the restaurants or stores of competitors or of suppliers or distributors (regardless of whether we use or have used those suppliers or distributors), could adversely affect our sales on a regional or global basis by resulting in negative publicity about us, even if no Starbucks suppliers or products are impacted, or the foodservice industry in general. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

If we are unable to meet our projections for new store openings or efficiently maintain the attractiveness of our existing stores, our operating results could suffer. 
 Our growth depends in part on our ability to open new stores and operate them profitably on the forecasted timeline. In recent years, the costs of opening new stores increased due in part to construction labor inflation and increased costs of materials and equipment. In addition, we incur substantial startup expenses each time we open a new store, and it takes time to ramp up the sales and profitability of a new store, during which ramp-up period costs may be higher as we train new partners and build up a customer base. If we are unable to build the customer base that we expect or fail to overcome the higher startup expenses associated with new stores, our new stores may not be as profitable as our existing stores. Our ability to open and profitably operate new stores is also subject to various risks, such as the identification and availability of desirable locations; the negotiation of acceptable lease terms; the need to obtain all required governmental permits (including zoning approvals) and comply with other regulatory requirements, including health and safety; the availability of capable contractors and subcontractors; increases in the cost and decreases in the availability of labor and building material; changes in weather, natural disasters, pandemics, or other acts of God that could delay construction and adversely affect guest traffic; our ability to hire and train qualified management and store partners; and general economic and business conditions. At each potential location, we compete with other foodservice and retail businesses for desirable development sites, construction contractors, management personnel, partners, and other resources. It is also possible that our new stores may negatively impact the profitability of existing stores nearby. If we are unable to successfully manage these risks, we could face increased costs and lower-than-anticipated sales and earnings in future periods, which could have a material negative effect on our operating results. 
 In addition, we continue to improve our existing stores through remodels, upgrades, and regular upkeep. If the costs associated with remodels, upgrades, or regular upkeep are higher than anticipated, stores are closed for remodeling for longer periods than planned, or remodeled stores do not perform as expected, we may not realize our projected return on investment, which could have a material negative effect on our operating results. 
 Risks Related to Operating a Global Business 
 We are highly dependent on the financial performance of our North America operating segment. 
 Our financial performance is highly dependent on our North America operating segment, which comprised approximately 75 of consolidated total net revenues in fiscal year 2024. If the North America operating segment revenue trends slow or decline, especially in our U.S. market, our other segments may be unable to make up any significant shortfall, and our business and financial results could be adversely affected. Since the North America segment is relatively mature and produces the large majority of our operating cash flows, such a slowdown or decline could result in reduced cash flows for funding the expansion of our international businesses and other initiatives and for returning cash to our shareholders. 
 We are increasingly dependent on the success of certain international markets in order to achieve our growth targets. 
 Our future growth increasingly depends on the growth and sustained profitability of certain international markets. Some or all of our international market business units MBUs ), which we generally define by the markets in which they operate, may not be successful in their operations or in achieving expected growth, which ultimately requires achieving consistent, stable net revenues and earnings. The performance of these international operations may be adversely affected by economic downturns in one or more of the markets in which our large MBUs operate. A decline in performance of one or more of our significant international MBUs could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results. 
 The International segment is an important profit center driving our global returns, along with our North America segment. In particular, our China MBU, as our second-largest market overall and 100 company-operated, contributes meaningfully to both consolidated and International net revenues and operating income. Due to the significance of our China MBU for our profit and growth, we are exposed to risks in China, including the risks mentioned elsewhere and the following: 
 a highly competitive retail environment and the entry of new competitors to the specialty coffee market in China; 
 changes in economic conditions in China and potential negative effects to the growth of its middle class, wages, labor, inflation, discretionary spending, and real estate and supply chain costs; 
 the effects of U.S.-China relations, including escalating U.S.-China tension and increased anti-Americanism, potential tariff increases, retaliations, restrictive regulations, or boycotts, and increasing political sensitivities in China; 
 ongoing government regulatory reform, including relating to public health, food safety, tariffs and taxes, sustainability, and responses to climate change, which result in regulatory uncertainty as well as potential significant increases in compliance costs; 
 data privacy and cybersecurity risks unique to the conduct of business in China; and 
 17 

Table of Contents 

food safety related matters, including compliance with food safety regulations and ability to ensure product quality and safety. 
 Additionally, some factors that will be critical to the success of our international operations overall are different than those affecting our U.S. stores and licensees. Tastes naturally vary by region, and consumers in some international MBUs may not embrace our products to the same extent as consumers in the U.S. or other international markets. Occupancy costs and store operating expenses can be higher internationally than in the U.S. due to higher rents for prime store locations or costs of compliance with market-specific regulatory requirements. Because many of our international operations are in an early phase of development, operating expenses as a percentage of related revenues are often higher compared to more developed operations. 
 We face risks as a global business that could adversely affect our financial performance. 
 We operate in 87 markets globally. We encounter differing cultural, regulatory, geopolitical, and economic environments within and among the markets in which we operate, and our ability to achieve our business objectives depends on our ability to successfully navigate these differing environments. Our ability to meet customer expectations is complicated by the risks inherent in our global operating environment, and our global success is partially dependent on our ability to leverage operating successes across multiple markets. Planned initiatives may not have appeal across multiple markets with our customers and could drive unanticipated changes in customer perceptions and market share. 
 Our international operations are also subject to additional inherent risks of conducting business abroad, such as: 
 changes or uncertainties in economic, legal, regulatory, social, and political conditions in our markets, as well as negative effects on U.S. businesses due to increasing anti-American sentiment in certain markets; 
 restrictive actions of foreign or U.S. governmental authorities affecting trade and foreign investment, especially during periods of heightened tension between the U.S. and such foreign governmental authorities, including protective measures such as export and customs duties and tariffs, government intervention favoring local competitors, and restrictions on the level of foreign ownership; 
 delays in store openings for reasons beyond our control, competition with locally relevant competitors, or a lack of desirable real estate locations available for lease at reasonable rates, any of which could keep us from meeting annual store opening targets and, in turn, negatively impact net revenues, operating income, and earnings per share. 
 difficulty in staffing, developing, and managing foreign operations and supply chain logistics, including ensuring the consistency of product quality and service, due to governmental actions affecting supply chain logistics, distance, language, and cultural differences, as well as challenges in recruiting and retaining high-quality employees in local markets; 
 economic or trade sanctions affecting our ability to source products or conduct business in one or more of the markets in which we operate; 
 in developing economies, the growth rate in the portion of the population achieving sufficient levels of disposable income may not meet our projections; 
 interpretation and application of laws and regulations, including those relating to taxes, tariffs, labor, merchandise, anti-bribery, privacy, and environmental, social, and governance issues; 
 local laws, policies, and conditions that make it more expensive and complex to negotiate with, retain, or terminate employees; 
 labor strikes or work stoppages resulting from geopolitical instability or social unrest affecting one or more of the markets in which we operate; 
 local regulations, health guidelines, and safety protocols affecting our operations; 
 the enforceability of intellectual property and contract rights; 
 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations or requirements to transact in specific currencies; 
 limitations on the repatriation of funds and foreign currency exchange restrictions due to current or new U.S. and international regulations; and 
 18 

Table of Contents 

import or other business licensing requirements. 
 Moreover, many of the foregoing risks are particularly acute in developing markets, which are important to our long-term growth prospects. An inability to effectively manage the risks associated with our international operations could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 Our reliance on key business partners may adversely affect our business and operations. 
 The growth of our business relies on the ability of our licensee partners to implement our growth platforms and product innovations. Further, the degree to which we are able to enter into, maintain, develop, negotiate, and enforce appropriate terms and conditions of commercial and other agreements, as well as the performance of our business partners under such agreements, are critical to our business. Our international licensees may face capital constraints or other factors, including legal constraints, that may limit the speed at which they are able to expand and develop in a certain market. Our Channel Development business is heavily reliant on Nestl , which has the global right to sell and distribute our packaged goods and foodservice products to retailers and operators, with few exceptions. If Nestl fails to perform its distribution and marketing commitments under our agreements and/or fails to support, protect, and grow our brand in Channel Development, our Channel Development business could be adversely impacted for a period of time, present long-term challenges to our brand, limit our ability to grow our Channel Development business, and have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results. Our retail licensed operations are concentrated in a relatively small number of large licensees. If they are not able to access sufficient capital or are otherwise unable or unwilling to successfully operate and grow their businesses, it could have a material adverse effect on our results in the applicable markets. 
 Risks Related to Supply Chain 
 Increases in the cost of high-quality arabica coffee beans or other commodities or decreases in the availability of high-quality arabica coffee beans or other commodities could have an adverse impact on our business operations and financial results. 
 The availability and prices of coffee beans and other commodities are subject to significant volatility. We purchase, roast, and sell high-quality whole bean arabica coffee beans and related coffee products. The high-quality arabica coffee of the quality we seek tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a premium above the C price. This premium depends upon, among other factors, the supply and demand at the time of purchase, and the amount of the premium can vary significantly. Increases in the C coffee commodity price increase the price of high-quality arabica coffee and impact our ability to enter into fixed-price purchase commitments. We frequently enter supply contracts whereby the quality, quantity, delivery period, and other negotiated terms are agreed upon, but the date, and therefore price, at which the base C coffee commodity price component will be fixed has not yet been established. 
 The supply and price of coffee we purchase can also be affected by multiple factors in the producing countries, such as weather, water supply quality and availability throughout the coffee production chain, natural disasters, crop disease and pests, general increases in farm input costs and costs of production, inventory levels, political and economic conditions, and the actions of certain organizations and associations that have historically attempted to influence prices of green coffee through agreements establishing export quotas or by restricting coffee supplies. Climate change may further exacerbate many of these factors. For example, extreme weather conditions such as drought or frost in Brazil have impacted coffee prices in the past, and in the likely event that such weather conditions were to reoccur, become more frequent, and/or increase in severity in the future, they may have similar or worse consequences on coffee price volatility. Speculative trading in coffee commodities can also influence coffee prices. Because of the significance of coffee beans to our operations, combined with our ability to only partially mitigate future price risk through purchasing practices and hedging activities, increases in the cost of high-quality arabica coffee beans could have a material adverse impact on our profitability. In addition, if we are not able to purchase sufficient quantities of green coffee due to any of the above factors or due to a worldwide or regional shortage, we may not be able to fulfill the demand for our coffee, which could have a material adverse impact on our business operations and financial performance. 
 We also purchase significant amounts of dairy products, particularly fluid milk, and to a lesser degree, plant-based dairy-free alternative products, such as oat milk and almond milk, to support the needs of our company-operated retail stores. Additionally, other commodities, including tea and those related to food and beverage inputs, such as cocoa, produce, baking ingredients, meats, eggs, and energy, as well as non-food and beverage inputs, such as the components that comprise our packaging materials, are important to our operations, as is the processing of these inputs. Increases in the cost of dairy products and other commodities, or lack of availability, whether due to supply shortages, delays or interruptions in processing, or otherwise, especially in international markets, could have a material adverse impact on our profitability. Similarly, increases in the cost of, or lack of availability of, whether due to supply shortages, or delays or interruptions in the processing of, plant-based alternatives could have a material adverse impact on our profitability. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Our supply chain may be unable to fully support current and future business needs. 
 Even in the absence of acute disruptions or interruptions, our supply chain may be unable to fully meet current or future business needs. There can be no assurance that our suppliers will be able to accommodate our anticipated growth or continue to supply current quantities at preferential prices or at all. An inability of our suppliers to provide products in a timely or cost-effective manner could impair our growth and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. If we are unable to accurately forecast sales levels in each market or store and obtain sufficient ingredients or produce a sufficient supply to meet demand, we may incur higher expedited shipping costs and may temporarily run out of stock of certain products, which could negatively impact the enthusiasm of our customers and store partners. We have been, and may in the future be, unable to fully address consumers demand for our products, particularly in the case of new offerings for which demand is higher than projected. Conversely, if demand does not meet our expectations, we have incurred, and could continue to incur, increased inventory write-offs. Finally, if we are unable to scale and improve our forecasting, planning, production, and logistics management, we could frustrate our customers, lose sales, or diminish our brand reputation. 
 Interruption of our supply chain and our reliance on suppliers could affect our ability to produce or deliver our products and could negatively impact our business and profitability. 
 Any material interruption in our supply chain (such as material disruption of roasted coffee supply), whether due to the casualty loss of any of our roasting plants, interruptions in service by our third-party logistic service providers or common carriers that ship goods within our distribution channels, trade restrictions (such as increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes, or customs restrictions), pandemics, social or labor unrest, labor shortages, natural disasters, or political disputes and military conflicts that cause a material disruption in our supply chain could have a negative material impact on our business and our profitability. Additionally, our food, beverage, and other products are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international business partners in our supply chain operations and, in certain cases, are produced or sourced by our licensees directly. We rely on these suppliers to provide high-quality products and to comply with applicable laws. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge as we increase our fresh and prepared food offerings, especially with respect to goods sourced from outside the U.S. and from countries or regions with diminished infrastructure, developing or failing economies, or which are experiencing political instability, labor discord, disruption or shortages, or social unrest. For certain products, we may rely on one or very few suppliers. A supplier s failure to meet our standards, provide products in a timely and efficient manner, or comply with applicable laws is beyond our control. These issues could have a material negative impact on our business and profitability. 
 Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions 
 Our financial condition and results of operations are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, a number of macroeconomic and other factors, many of which are largely outside our control. 
 Our operating results have been, and will continue to be, subject to a number of macroeconomic and other factors, many of which are largely outside our control. Any one or more of the factors listed below or described elsewhere in this risk factors section could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations: 
 increases in real estate costs in certain domestic and international markets; 
 disruptions to our supply chain; 
 changes in climate, including changes to the frequency or severity of extreme weather events, that impact the price and availability or cost of goods and services, energy, and other materials throughout our supply chain; 
 changes in governmental rules and approaches to taxation; 
 adverse outcomes of litigation; 
 inflationary pressures and changes in prevailing interest rates; 
 severe weather or other natural or man-made disasters affecting a large market or several closely located markets that may temporarily or for extended periods of time affect our retail business in such markets; 
 government shutdowns or the risk of government shutdowns, as well as the impact or expected impact of elections, both in the U.S. and in other markets around the world; 
 especially in our largest markets, including the U.S. and China, labor discord or disruption, geopolitical events, war, terrorism (including incidents targeting us), political instability, acts of public violence, boycotts, increasing anti- 
 20 

Table of Contents 

American sentiment in certain markets, or hostilities, social unrest, or health pandemics that lead to avoidance of public places or restrictions on public gatherings such as in our stores; and 
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Unfavorable economic conditions could also adversely affect our suppliers and licensees, who in turn could experience cash flow problems, more costly or unavailable financing, credit defaults, and other financial hardships. This could lead to supplier or licensee insolvency, increase our bad debt expense, or cause us to increase the levels of unsecured credit that we provide to suppliers and licensees. Further, the insolvency of any of our licensees could result in disrupted operations or our exit from a particular market, and negatively impact our reputation. 
 Economic conditions in the U.S. and international markets have adversely affected, and could continue to adversely affect, our business and financial results. 
 As a retailer that is dependent upon consumer discretionary spending, our results of operations are sensitive to changes in or uncertainty about macroeconomic conditions. A continued economic downturn or recession, or slowing or stalled recovery therefrom, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our customers may have less money for discretionary purchases and may stop or reduce their purchases of our products or switch to our or our competitors lower-priced products as a result of various factors, including job loss, inflation, changes in prevailing interest rates, higher taxes, reduced access to credit, changes in federal economic policy, a global health pandemic, international trade disputes, or geopolitical instability. For example, reductions and continuing volatility in China may be caused by, among other things: changes in consumer spending behaviors, including those caused by a decrease in consumer confidence in general macroeconomic conditions, a decrease in consumer discretionary spending, increasing competition in the market, lower-priced competitor product offerings, negative economic impacts related to the rising geopolitical tensions between China and Taiwan, economic policies or sanctions, heightened data and cybersecurity risks associated with conduct of business in China, and food-safety related matters. We may also experience a reduction or increased volatility in demand for our products in connection with a global health pandemic. Decreases in customer traffic and/or average value per transaction without a corresponding decrease in costs would put downward pressure on margins and could have a material negative impact on our financial results. There is also a risk that if negative economic conditions or uncertainty persist for a long period of time or worsen, consumers may make long-lasting changes to their discretionary purchasing behavior, including less frequent discretionary purchases on a more permanent basis or enduring changes in behavior that precipitate a more general downturn in the restaurant industry. These and other macroeconomic factors could have an adverse effect on our sales, profitability, or development plans, which could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Failure to meet our announced guidance or market expectations for our financial performance will likely adversely affect the market price and increase the volatility of our stock, and fluctuations in the stock market as a whole may also impact the market price and volatility of our stock. 
 We have in the past failed, and may in the future fail, to meet our announced guidance or market expectations, which has adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, the market price of our stock. Our guidance is based on certain assumptions, which may or may not prove to be correct. Failure to meet our announced guidance or market expectations going forward, particularly with respect to our operational and financial results, shareholder returns, and expectations regarding the success of our Back to Starbucks plan and related guidance, whether due to our assumptions not being met or the impact of various risks and uncertainties, will likely result in a decline and/or increased volatility in the market price of our stock. In addition, price and volume fluctuations in the stock market as a whole may affect the market price of our stock in ways that may be unrelated to our financial performance. 
 Risks Related to Human Capital 
 The loss of key personnel, difficulties with recruiting and retaining qualified personnel, or ineffectively managing changes in our workforce could adversely impact our business and financial results. 
 Much of our future success depends on the continued availability and service of key personnel and employees. The loss of any of our executive officers, including our chief executive officer or other key senior management personnel, could harm our business. Our success also depends substantially on the contributions and abilities of our retail store employees upon whom we rely to give customers a superior in-store experience and elevate our brand. Accordingly, our performance depends on our ability to recruit and retain high-quality management personnel and other employees to work in and manage our stores, both domestically and internationally. Our ability to do so has been and may continue to be impacted by challenges in the labor market (which has experienced, and may continue to experience, wage inflation and labor shortages), our position with respect to unions and the unionization of partners, increased employee turnover, changes in availability of our workforce and a shift toward remote or hybrid work arrangements. Our ability to attract and retain corporate, retail, and other personnel is also acutely impacted in certain international and domestic markets where the competition for a relatively small number of qualified 
 21 

Table of Contents 

employees is intense or in markets where large high-tech companies are able to offer more competitive salaries and benefits. These factors and others have also made, and may continue to make, it more difficult to maintain an effective system of operational internal controls for a dispersed workforce, and to train partners to deliver a consistently high-quality product and customer experience. Additionally, there is intense competition for qualified technology systems developers, who are necessary to develop and implement new technologies for our growth initiatives, including increasing our digital relationships with customers. If we are unable to recruit, retain, and motivate employees sufficiently to maintain our current business and support our projected growth, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected. 
 Changes in the availability and cost of labor could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business could be adversely impacted by increases in labor costs, including wages and benefits, which, in a retail business such as ours, are two of our most significant costs, both domestically and internationally. Such increases could be triggered by state and federal legislation and regulatory actions regarding wages, scheduling, and benefits; increases in healthcare and workers compensation insurance costs; and increases in wages and costs of other benefits necessary to attract and retain high-quality employees with the right skill sets. For example, at the federal level, effective July 1, 2024, the United States Department of Labor increased the minimum salary threshold requirements for employees who are exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act overtime requirements, and at the state level, Assembly Bill 1228 increased minimum wage and established working hour and working condition standards for certain partners in California. These changes, along with others that may occur in the future, could have a significant impact on the classification of employees as being exempt from overtime and add to our labor costs. The growth of our business can make it increasingly difficult to locate and hire sufficient numbers of employees, to maintain an effective system of operational internal controls for a globally dispersed enterprise, and to train employees worldwide to deliver a consistently high-quality product and customer experience; the failure to do so could materially harm our business and results of operations. Furthermore, we have experienced, and could continue to experience, a shortage of labor for store positions, and the increased availability of alternative telecommuting employment options by other employers could decrease the pool of available qualified talent for other key functions. In addition, our wages and benefits programs may be insufficient to attract and retain the best talent. 
 Starting in September 2021, Starbucks partners at a number of company-operated stores sought union representation through elections conducted by the National Labor Relations Board. Unions have secured representation rights at hundreds of our more than 10,000 U.S. company-operated stores, with potentially more to follow, and Starbucks is engaged in collective bargaining for initial collective bargaining agreements for these stores. If we encounter difficulties negotiating collective bargaining agreements, are unsuccessful in those efforts, or obtain contracts with unfavorable terms, then we could incur additional costs, change our employee culture, decrease our flexibility, and increase our operational complexity. These risks could also present the potential to disrupt our current operational model by affecting our ability to fully implement operational changes to enhance our efficiency and adapt to changing business needs. 
 The law places limitations on unilateral actions taken with respect to employees who are represented by unions because, in certain circumstances, the law requires the employer to notify and to bargain with the union prior to making certain operational or other changes that may affect employee wages, hours, or other terms and conditions of employment. Moreover, where a petition for representation has been filed by a union, the employer is also constrained from making changes in wages, hours, and working conditions. These limitations could also negatively affect our costs, change our employee culture, decrease our flexibility, and increase our operational complexity. They also present the potential to disrupt our current operational model by affecting our ability to fully implement operational changes to enhance our efficiency and adapt to changing business needs. 
 Moreover, we have experienced job actions in some company-operated stores. Such job actions and work stoppages have the potential to negatively impact our operations, third-party providers upon whom we rely to deliver product, our sales and customer flow in impacted locations, our costs, and can also have a negative impact on our reputation and brand. 
 Additionally, our position with respect to unions and the unionization of partners could negatively impact how our brand is perceived and could have material adverse effects on our business, including on our financial results. These positions could also expose us to legal risk, causing us to incur costs to defend legal and regulatory actions, potential penalties and restrictions, and reputational harm. 
 Risks Related to Competition 
 We face intense competition in each of our channels and markets, which could lead to reduced profitability. 
 The specialty coffee market is intensely competitive, including with respect to product quality, innovation, service, convenience (such as delivery service and mobile ordering), and price, and we face significant and increasing competition in all of these areas in each of our channels and markets. Accordingly, we do not have leadership positions in all channels and markets. In the U.S., the ongoing focus by large competitors in the quick-service restaurant sector on selling high-quality specialty coffee beverages could lead to decreases in customer traffic to Starbucks stores and/or average value per transaction, adversely affecting our sales and results of operations. Similarly, continued competition from well-established competitors, or 
 22 

Table of Contents 

competition from large new entrants or well-funded smaller companies, in our domestic and international markets could hinder growth and adversely affect our sales and results of operations in those markets. Many small competitors also continue to open coffee specialty stores in many of our markets across the world, which in the aggregate may also lead to significant decreases of customer traffic to our stores in those markets. Increased competition globally in packaged coffee and tea and single-serve and ready-to-drink coffee beverage markets, including from new and large entrants to this market, could adversely affect the profitability of the Channel Development segment. In addition, not all of our competitors may seek to establish environmental or sustainability goals at a comparable level to ours, which could result in lower supply chain or operating costs for our competitors. We may incur increased costs associated with reducing carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions, reducing the use of plastic, or imposing performance obligations on our suppliers that could increase financial obligations for us and our business partners and could affect our profitability. Additionally, if we are unable to respond to consumer demand for healthy beverages and foods, or our competitors respond more effectively, this could have a negative effect on our business. We believe our ability to compete successfully in the current market environment depends on our ability to improve existing products; successfully develop and introduce new products; price our products appropriately; deliver a satisfactory customer experience; manage our investments in store development, technology, digital engagement, and delivery; and respond effectively to our competitors actions or offerings or to unforeseen disruptive actions. There can be no assurance these strategies will be effective, and some strategies may be effective at improving certain metrics while adversely affecting others, which could have the overall effect of harming our business. Furthermore, declines in general consumer demand for specialty coffee products for any reason, including due to consumer preference for other products, flattening demand for our products, changed customer daily routines or traffic to stores, or changed customer spending behaviors due to challenging economic conditions, could have a negative effect on our business. 
 Risks Related to Environmental, Social, and Governance Matters 
 Climate change may have an adverse impact on our business. 
 We recognize that there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted. For example, as we noted above, the supply and price of coffee we purchase can also be affected by multiple factors in the producing countries, such as weather and water supply quality and availability. These factors may be caused by or exacerbated by climate change. Climate change may also result in decreased availability, less favorable pricing, or other adverse consequences for non-coffee inputs in our products. In addition to impacts in producing countries, climate change may affect the availability of water in the markets in which we operate and expect to operate and elsewhere in our supply chain, which could have adverse impacts on our business. We operate in 87 markets globally. Our properties and operations may be vulnerable to the various adverse effects of climate change, which are predicted to increase the frequency and severity of extreme weather events and other natural cycles such as wildfires and droughts. Such events have the potential to disrupt our operations, cause store closures, disrupt the business of our third-party suppliers, and impact our customers and partners, all of which may cause us to suffer losses and incur additional costs to maintain or resume operations. 
 Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to environmental, social, and governance matters, that could expose us to numerous risks. 
 We are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of regulators and organizations, including the SEC, the European Union, the Nasdaq Stock Market, and the Financial Accounting Standards Board. These rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity, and many new requirements have been created in response to laws enacted by Congress and state legislatures, which in certain cases may be inconsistent with one another, making compliance more difficult and uncertain. In addition, regulators, customers, investors, employees, and other stakeholders are focusing on environmental, social, and governance (commonly referred to as ESG matters and related disclosures and operational regulations. These changing rules, regulations, and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. For example, developing and acting on initiatives within the scope of ESG, and collecting, measuring, and reporting ESG-related information and metrics can be costly, difficult, and time consuming and is subject to evolving reporting standards, including the SEC s climate-related reporting requirements and similar proposals by other international regulatory bodies. For example, the European Union s Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive CSRD ), with different implementation dates depending on company size and geographic location, has established extensive ESG-related disclosure requirements based on the European Sustainability Reporting Standards, including certain assurance obligations. The standards used to identify and collect the information and data required pursuant to the CSRD are still developing and uncertain, and this lack of certainty could result in increased costs related to complying with our reporting obligations under the CSRD and could increase the risk of failing to comply with the CSRD. 
 We may also communicate certain initiatives and goals related to environmental matters, diversity, responsible sourcing, social investments, and other ESG-related matters in our SEC filings or in other public disclosures. These initiatives and goals within the scope of ESG could be difficult and expensive to implement, the technologies needed to implement them may not be cost 
 23 

Table of Contents 

effective and may not advance at a sufficient pace, and we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of the disclosure. Further, statements about our ESG-related initiatives and goals, and progress toward those goals, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. Previously reported data may in the future be adjusted to reflect improvements in the availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations, and other changes in circumstances. If our ESG-related data, processes, and reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, our reputation, business, financial performance, and growth could be adversely affected. If we are unable to meet our ESG-related goals, commitments, initiatives, or evolving stakeholder or industry expectations and standards, if we change or are perceived to have changed our goals, commitments, or initiatives, or if we are perceived to have not responded appropriately to stakeholder interests in ESG issues, customers and consumers may choose to stop purchasing our products or purchase products from another company or a competitor, and our reputation, business, or financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 In addition, we could be criticized by shareholders, stakeholders, regulators, or other interested parties for the scope or nature of our ESG initiatives or goals or for any revisions to these goals. We have been and could continue to be subject to negative responses by governmental actors (such as anti-ESG legislation or retaliatory legislative treatment) or consumers (such as boycotts or negative publicity campaigns) targeting Starbucks, which could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial performance, and growth. 
 Certain activist shareholder actions have caused, and could continue to cause, us to incur expense, hinder execution of our business strategy, and adversely impact our stock price. 
 We actively engage in discussions with our shareholders regarding further strengthening our Company and creating long-term shareholder value. This ongoing dialogue can include certain divisive activist tactics, which can take many forms. Some shareholder activism, including potential proxy contests, has resulted in, and could in the future result in, substantial costs, such as legal fees and expenses, and the diversion of management s and our Board s attention and resources from our businesses and strategic plans. Additionally, public shareholder activism could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future, adversely affect our relationships with our customers, partners, licensees, or business partners, make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel, and cause our stock price to fluctuate based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business. Activists or other shareholders holding a large portion of our outstanding shares will also have the ability to exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, including the election of directors, the approval of mergers, acquisitions, and other significant business transactions, shareholder proposals, and amendments to our governing documents. These risks could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Risks Related to Regulation and Litigation 
 Failure to comply with applicable laws and changing legal and regulatory requirements could harm our business and financial results. 
 Our policies and procedures are designed to comply with all applicable laws, accounting and reporting requirements, tax rules, and other regulations and requirements, including those imposed by the SEC, Nasdaq, and foreign countries, as well as applicable trade, labor, healthcare, food and beverage, sanitation, safety, environmental, labeling, anti-bribery and corruption, and merchandise laws. Such laws and regulations are complex and often subject to differing interpretations, which can lead to unintentional or unknown instances of non-compliance. For example, changes in the enforcement priorities of regulators may also shift the impact of applicable regulations on the business and the costs necessary to ensure compliance therewith, including through an expansion in the nature, scope, or complexity of matters on which we are required to report. Changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations, including expanded or additional regulations and associated costs to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions, to discourage the use of plastic, or to limit or impose additional costs on commercial water use, may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures, incremental investments, and other financial obligations for us and our business partners, which could affect our profitability. Other examples of emerging and potentially relevant requirements are import tariffs and restrictions grounded in, among other things, alleged human rights abuses. 
 In addition, our business is subject to complex and rapidly evolving U.S. and international laws and regulations regarding data privacy and data protection, and companies are under increased regulatory scrutiny relating to these matters. The Federal Trade Commission and many state attorneys general are also interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination, and security of data. The interpretation and application of existing laws and regulations regarding data privacy and data protection are in flux, and authorities around the world are considering a number of additional legislative and regulatory proposals in this area. Current and future data privacy and data protection laws and regulations (including the General Data Protection Regulation and the California Consumer Privacy Act, discussed in more detail in this risk factors section, and other applicable international and U.S. privacy laws), or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, may limit our ability to collect and use data, require us to otherwise modify our data processing practices and policies, or result in the possibility of fines, litigation, or orders, which may have an adverse effect on our business and 
 24 

Table of Contents 

results of operations. The burdens imposed by these and other laws and regulations that may be enacted, or new interpretations of existing and future laws and regulations, may also require us to incur substantial costs in reaching compliance in a manner adverse to our business. 
 Certain jurisdictions in which our products are sold have imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes on the manufacture, distribution, or sale of some of our products, particularly our beverages, as a result of ingredients contained in our products. These taxes vary in scope and form: some apply to all beverages, including non-caloric beverages, while others apply only to beverages with a caloric sweetener (e.g., sugar). Similarly, some measures apply a single tax rate per ounce/liter on beverages containing over a certain amount of added sugar (or other sweetener), some apply a progressive tax rate depending upon the amount of added sugar (or other sweetener) in the beverage, and others apply a flat tax rate on beverages containing any amount of added sugar (or other sweetener). For example, in the Netherlands, a consumption tax is applicable on cold non-alcoholic beverages (non-milk based) at a flat tax rate of 26.13 Euro per 100 Liters. In addition to the taxes on the beverages (or components thereof), we also notice a regional increase in the adoption of environmentally focused taxes, including, for example, plastic packaging tax to encourage companies to increase usage of sustainable packaging options. 
 These tax measures, whatever their scope or form, have adversely impacted, and could continue to impact our business and financial performance by increasing the cost of certain of our products, reducing overall consumption of our products, or leading to negative publicity. 
 Finally, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development has released guidance establishing a 15 global minimum tax applied on a country-by-country basis for multinational entities under Pillar Two of its Base Erosion and Profit Shifting initiative. As of September 29, 2024, certain countries in which we operate have enacted legislation to adopt Pillar Two effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 31, 2023, and other countries in which we operate are expected to introduce similar legislation to implement Pillar Two. This global minimum tax will not be effective for the Company until fiscal 2025, and it is not expected to result in a material impact to our consolidated financial statements. We will continue to monitor regulatory developments with respect to this initiative for potential impacts. 
 The complexity of the regulatory environment in which we operate and the related costs of compliance are both increasing due to additional or changing legal and regulatory requirements, our ongoing expansion into new markets and new channels, and the fact that foreign laws occasionally conflict with domestic laws. In addition to potential damage to our reputation and brand, failure by us or our business partners to comply with the various applicable laws and regulations, as well as changes in laws and regulations or the manner in which they are interpreted or applied, may result in litigation, civil and criminal liability, damages, fines and penalties, increased cost of regulatory compliance, and restatements of our financial statements, all of which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 
 We have been, and could continue to be, party to litigation or other legal proceedings that could adversely affect our business, results, operations, and reputation. 
 We have been, and in the future may be, subject to litigation and other legal proceedings that may adversely affect our business. These legal proceedings may involve claims brought by store partners, customers, government agencies, suppliers, shareholders, or others through private actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions, or other litigation, including litigation on a class or collective basis on behalf of what can be a large group of potential claimants. These legal proceedings have involved, and in the future may involve, allegations of illegal, unfair, or inconsistent employment practices, including those governing wage and hour, employment of minors, discrimination, harassment, wrongful termination, and vacation and family leave laws; food-safety issues including food-borne illness, food contamination, and adverse health effects from consumption of our food products; data security or privacy breaches; customer discrimination; personal injury in our stores; marketing and advertising claims, including claims that our environmental and social program claims are misleading or inaccurate; infringement of patent, copyright, or other intellectual property rights; violation of the federal securities laws; workers compensation; or other concerns. We are party to a number of pending lawsuits and governmental audits alleging violations of federal and state employment laws, including wage and hour claims, and we could be involved in similar or even more significant litigation and legal proceedings in the future. Even if the allegations against us in current or future legal matters are unfounded or we ultimately are held not liable, the costs to defend ourselves may be significant, and the litigation may subject us to substantial settlements, fines, penalties, or judgments against us and may divert management s attention away from operating our business, all of which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. Litigation also may generate negative publicity, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or we ultimately are not liable, which could damage our reputation and adversely impact our sales as well as our relationships with our store partners and customers. See Note 16 , Commitments and Contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K for information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Data Privacy 
 Failure to maintain satisfactory compliance with certain privacy and data protection laws and regulations may result in substantial negative financial consequences, reputational harm, and civil or criminal penalties. 
 Complex local, state, national, foreign, and international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer, and other processing of personal data. These privacy and data protection laws and regulations are quickly evolving, with new or modified laws and regulations proposed and implemented frequently and existing laws and regulations subject to new or different interpretations and increased enforcement and litigation. In addition, our legal and regulatory obligations are subject to unexpected changes, including the potential for regulatory or other governmental entities to enact new or additional laws or regulations, to issue rulings that invalidate prior laws or regulations, or to increase penalties significantly. Complying with these laws and regulations can be costly and can impede the development and offering of new products and services. 
 For example, Europe s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and the U.K. General Data Protection Regulation (which implements the GDPR into U.K. law), impose stringent data protection requirements and provide for significant penalties for noncompliance. In China, the Personal Information Protection Law PIPL has established personal information processing rules, data subject rights, and obligations for personal information processors, among other things. In addition to the PIPL, China s Data Security Law regulates data processing activities associated with personal and non-personal data. Noncompliance with these laws may result in significant civil and criminal penalties. Other newly enacted and proposed privacy and data protection laws in other jurisdictions served by Starbucks and its licensees may impose similar requirements, including restrictions on cross-border data transfers and stringent safeguards on personal and non-personal data. Such laws may impact our business operations and increase the cost and expense of compliance. 
 In the United States, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA requires, among other things, covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers and allows such consumers to exercise certain rights in connection with their personal information, such as the right to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA also provides for civil penalties for violations as well as a private right of action for data breaches that may increase data breach litigation. Further, the California Privacy Rights Act, which became effective in January 2023, significantly modified the CCPA to include additional compliance obligations. Since the CCPA was first passed, 19 other states have enacted similar data privacy legislation, eight of which are in effect as of the end of 2024. In addition, a number of other states have passed or are considering additional privacy laws, including laws on health data and biometric data that are in effect, or are expected to take effect in the near future. These state privacy laws will require us to incur additional costs and expenses in our efforts to comply. 
 Privacy and data protection laws, such as those referenced above, may impact Starbucks operations and new business models, such as Starbucks Digital Solutions, which rely on Starbucks functioning as controller of customer personal information in licensed markets. As such, Starbucks may be primarily responsible for compliance with privacy and data protection laws in the markets served by participating licensees. 
 Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or other obligations to which we may be subject relating to personal data, or to protect personal data from unauthorized access, use, or other processing, could result in enforcement actions and regulatory investigations against us, claims for damages by customers and other affected individuals or parties, or fines and damage to our brand reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial performance, and business. The amount and scope of insurance we maintain may not cover all types of claims that may arise. 
 The unauthorized access, use, theft, or destruction of customer or employee data (personal, financial, or other), or of Starbucks proprietary or confidential information that is stored in our information systems or by third parties on our behalf, could impact our reputation and brand and expose us to potential liability and loss of revenues. 
 Many of our information technology systems (whether cloud-based or hosted in proprietary servers), including those used for our point-of-sale, web and mobile platforms, online and mobile payment systems, delivery services, rewards programs, and administrative functions, contain personal, financial, or other information that is entrusted to us by our customers, business partners, and employees. Many of our information technology systems also contain Starbucks proprietary and other confidential information related to our business, such as business plans and product development initiatives and designs, and confidential information about third parties, such as licensees and business partners. Similar to many other retail companies and because of the prominence of our brand, we have in the past experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, cyber-attacks, including phishing, and other attempts to breach, or gain unauthorized access to, our systems and databases. To date, these attacks have not had a material impact on our operations, but we cannot provide assurance that they will not have an impact in the future. Our third-party providers and business partners information technology systems and databases are likewise subject to such risks. The number and frequency of these attempts varies from year to year and increases as the scale and scope of our technology footprint and digital operations increases. In addition, to conduct our business, we provide customer and employee data, as well as Starbucks proprietary information and other confidential information important to our business, to third parties, including licensees and business partners. Individuals performing work for Starbucks and such third parties also may access 
 26 

Table of Contents 

some of this data, including on personally-owned digital devices. To the extent we, a third party, or such an individual were to experience a breach of our or their information technology systems that results in the unauthorized access, theft, use, destruction or other compromises of customers or employees data or confidential information of the Company stored in or transmitted through such systems, including through cyber-attacks or other external or internal methods, it could result in a material loss of revenues from the potential adverse impact to our reputation and brand, a decrease in our ability to retain customers or attract new ones, the imposition of potentially significant costs (including loss of data or payment for recovery of data) and liabilities, loss of business, loss of business partners and licensees, and the disruption to our supply chain, business, and plans. Unauthorized access, theft, use, destruction, or other compromises are becoming increasingly sophisticated and may occur through a variety of methods, including attacks using malicious code, vulnerabilities in software, hardware, or other infrastructure (including systems used by our supply chain), system misconfigurations, phishing, deepfakes, ransomware, malware, or social engineering. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify our cybersecurity risks. Our logging capabilities, or the logging capabilities of third parties, are not always complete or sufficiently granular, affecting our ability to fully understand the scope of security breaches. 
 Such security breaches also could result in a violation of applicable U.S. and international privacy, cyber, and other laws or trigger data breach notification laws, including new disclosure rules promulgated by the SEC, and subject us to private consumer, business partner or licensee, or securities litigation and governmental investigations and proceedings, any of which could result in our exposure to material civil or criminal liability. These risks also exist in acquired businesses, joint ventures, or companies we invest in or partner with that use separate information systems or that have not yet been fully integrated into our information systems. 
 Significant capital investments and other expenditures could also be required to investigate security incidents, remedy cybersecurity problems, recuperate lost data, prevent future compromises, and adapt systems and practices to react to the changing threat environment. These include costs associated with notifying affected individuals and other agencies, additional security technologies, trainings, personnel, experts, and credit monitoring services for those whose data has been breached. These costs, which could be material, could adversely impact our results of operations in the period in which they are incurred, including by interfering with the pursuit of other important business strategies and initiatives, and may not meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to breach our information technology systems. 
 Media or other reports of existing or perceived security vulnerabilities in our systems, or those of our third-party business partners or service providers, can also adversely impact our brand and reputation and materially impact our business. Additionally, the techniques and sophistication used to conduct cyber-attacks and compromise information technology systems, as well as the sources and targets of these attacks, change frequently and are often not recognized until such attacks are launched or have been in place for a period of time. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies by attackers amplifies these concerns. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services, and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss, but these security measures cannot provide assurance that we will be successful in preventing such breaches or data loss. 
 We rely heavily on information technology in our operations and growth initiatives, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption, or security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate and grow our business and could adversely affect our financial results. 
 We rely heavily on information technology systems across our operations for numerous purposes, including for administrative functions, point-of-sale processing and payment in our stores and online, management of our supply chain, Starbucks Cards, online business, delivery services, mobile technology (including mobile payments and ordering apps), reloads and loyalty functionality, and various other processes and transactions (including providing Starbucks Digital Solutions to participating licensees), and many of these systems are interdependent on one another for their functionality. Many of our non-store employees continue to work on a remote or hybrid basis, which has resulted in increased demand on our information technology infrastructure. Additionally, the success of several of our initiatives to drive growth, including our ability to increase digital relationships with our customers to drive incremental traffic and spend, is highly dependent on our technology systems. Furthermore, we continue to expand convenience-led formats, which depend heavily on our mobile ordering capabilities. Any failure, inadequacy, or interruption of these systems could harm our ability to effectively operate and grow our business and could adversely affect our financial results. In addition, the technologies and artificial intelligence tools we are incorporating into certain aspects of our operations may not generate the intended efficiencies and may impact our business results. 
 We also rely on third-party providers and platforms for some of these information technology systems and support. Our systems hardware, software, and services provided by third-party service providers are not fully redundant within a market or across our markets. Our contractual and operational safeguards may not be effective in preventing the failure of these systems or platforms to operate effectively and be available. Such failures may be caused by various factors, including power outages, climate change-related impacts, catastrophic events, physical theft, computer and network failures, inadequate or ineffective redundancy, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems or platforms, flaws in third-party software or 
 27 

Table of Contents 

services, errors or improper use by our employees or third-party service providers, or a breach in the security of these systems or platforms, including through cyber-attacks such as those that result in the blockage of our or our third-party business partners or service providers systems and platforms and those discussed in more detail in this risk factors section. If our incident response, disaster recovery, and business continuity plans do not resolve these issues in an effective and timely manner, they could result in an interruption in our operations and could cause material negative impacts to our product availability and sales, the efficiency of our operations, and our financial results. In addition, remediation of any problems with our systems and related customer support could result in significant, unplanned expenses. 
 Given the increasing complexity and sophistication of techniques used by bad actors to obtain unauthorized access to or disable information technology systems, and the fact that cyber-attacks are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives, it is increasingly difficult to anticipate and defend against cyber-attacks, and a cyberattack could occur and persist for an extended period of time before being detected. Moreover, the extent of a particular cyber incident and the steps that we may need to take to investigate the incident may not be immediately clear, and it may take a significant amount of time before such investigation can be finalized and completed and reliable information about the incident is known. During the pendency of any such investigation, we may not know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and we may be required to disclose incidents before their full extent is known. 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property or ensure that we are not infringing on the intellectual property of others could harm the value of our brand and our business. 
 Our brand names, trademarks, and related intellectual property rights are critical assets, and our success depends on our continued ability to use our existing trademarks and service marks in order to increase brand awareness and further develop our branded products in both domestic and international markets. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, service marks, trade secrets, patents, and other intellectual property rights to protect our brand and branded products. 
 We have registered certain trademarks and have other trademark registrations pending in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions. The trademarks that we currently use have not been registered in all of the markets outside of the U.S. in which we do business or may do business in the future and may never be registered in all of these markets. It may be costly and time consuming to protect our intellectual property, particularly in rapidly evolving areas, and the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property in the U.S. and foreign countries may not be adequate. In addition, the steps we have taken may not adequately ensure that we do not infringe the intellectual property of others, and third parties may claim infringement by us in the future. Any claim of infringement, whether or not it has merit, could, particularly in rapidly evolving areas, be time-consuming or result in costly litigation and could have an adverse impact on our business. In addition, we cannot ensure that licensees and other third parties who hold licenses to our intellectual property will not take actions that adversely affect the value of our intellectual property. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 Starbucks has implemented a cybersecurity program that leverages industry-standard cybersecurity frameworks to assess, identify, and manage cybersecurity risk. Our cybersecurity program is integrated with the Enterprise Risk Management ERM framework and governance processes utilized by management and our Board to oversee our various top enterprise risks. Our internal audit function periodically evaluates our cybersecurity program and selected aspects of it. 
 We have implemented various processes and tools to identify cybersecurity threats, detect potential attacks, and protect our data and information technology. We periodically evaluate evolving cybersecurity risks and legal and compliance requirements, and we make ongoing strategic investments to address those evolving risks and requirements. 
 Starbucks assesses, measures, and reports on cybersecurity risk at operational, program or management, and strategic or executive oversight levels. We maintain and periodically update written cybersecurity policies, standards, and controls, which are reviewed by a cross-functional management-level committee and designed to align with business objectives, regulatory requirements, and industry best practices. We train our employees through annual cybersecurity awareness training, phishing simulations, and periodic communications about timely cybersecurity topics and threats. We also implement a variety of tools to monitor our systems and network activity, and we conduct various simulated attacks and penetration tests to assess the effectiveness of these tools. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

We maintain an incident response plan that guides us in identifying, evaluating, responding to, and recovering from cybersecurity incidents. The plan provides for the creation of a cross-functional, tailored incident response team, led by dedicated incident responders, that may include both Company personnel and third-party service providers, as appropriate. The incident response plan includes incident classification and escalation protocols, as well as processes to assess and comply with applicable legal obligations. We periodically test the effectiveness of the plan, and review and update it as appropriate. 
 We also maintain insurance coverage that, subject to its terms and conditions, is intended to help us mitigate certain costs associated with cybersecurity incidents. 
 We engage third-party security experts, as appropriate, to support our processes for assessing, identifying, and managing cybersecurity risks, including, for example, periodic evaluations of our cybersecurity program from a design and effectiveness perspective, penetration testing, vulnerability scanning, employee awareness training, phishing simulations, and incident monitoring and response. 
 To address cybersecurity risk arising from our relationships with our third-party business partners and service providers, we maintain a third-party risk management program, which takes a risk-based approach and includes elements such as conducting cybersecurity assessments, including cybersecurity-related obligations in agreements, and utilizing external monitoring sources. 
 In addition, we maintain a global privacy program to identify, assess, and manage privacy risks related to how we are collecting, using, sharing, storing, and otherwise processing personal data. 
 As of the date of this filing, we have not identified any cybersecurity threats or incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, there can be no assurance that we, or our third-party business partners or service providers, will not experience a cybersecurity threat or incident in the future that could materially adversely affect our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. For further discussion of the risks related to cybersecurity, see the risk factors discussed under Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Data Privacy in our Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 
 Governance 
 Our cybersecurity program is led by our senior vice president, chief information security officer ciso ), who is responsible for identifying, assessing, and managing our collective information security and technology risks. Our ciso has more than 20 years of experience in the information security and technology fields. The ciso reports to our executive vice president, chief technology officer, who has spent more than 25 years of service in various leadership roles in information technology across multiple Fortune 500 companies. 
 The ciso is informed about the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents through management of, and participation in, the cybersecurity program described above, including through reports prepared by our internal cybersecurity team and the operation of our incident response plan. The ciso meets regularly with leaders of our various information technology management teams and with the Risk Management Committee (a management-level committee, which is co-managed by our cfo and chief legal officer), to review and discuss our cybersecurity and other information technology risks and opportunities. 
 Our Board has ultimate cybersecurity and data privacy risk oversight responsibility for the Company and administers this responsibility both directly and with assistance from the Audit and Compliance Committee Audit Committee and the Environmental, Partner, and Community Impact Committee (the Impact Committee ). The Audit Committee oversees our cybersecurity and technology risks, and the Impact Committee oversees our data privacy risks, all of which are integrated into our overall ERM program. The Audit Committee actively reviews and discusses our cybersecurity and technology risk management programs and regularly reports out to the full Board on our relevant strengths and opportunities. The Impact Committee reviews our data privacy risk management programs and reports out to the full Board on our relevant strengths and opportunities. 
 The Audit Committee receives quarterly updates from the ciso or other members of the ciso s team with responsibility for oversight of our key cybersecurity program components. These updates include, as appropriate, ongoing changes in our external and internal cybersecurity threat landscape, new technology trends and regulatory developments, evolving internal policies and practices used to manage and mitigate cybersecurity and technology-related risks, cybersecurity incidents and our response to them, and trends in various metrics that are used to help assess our overall cybersecurity program effectiveness. The Impact Committee receives annual updates from our vice president, data privacy, on our data privacy practices, emerging risks, and evolving global privacy laws and regulations. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Properties 
 The material properties used by Starbucks in connection with its roasting, manufacturing, warehousing, distribution, and corporate administrative operations, serving all segments, are as follows: Location Approximate Size in Square Feet Purpose York, PA 1,957,000 Roasting, warehousing and distribution Seattle, WA 1,294,000 Corporate administrative Minden, NV (Carson Valley) 1,080,000 Roasting, warehousing and distribution Auburn, WA 750,000 Warehousing and distribution Lebanon, TN 680,000 Warehousing and distribution Kunshan, China 630,000 Roasting, warehousing and distribution Kent, WA 510,000 Roasting and distribution Shanghai, China 225,000 Corporate administrative 
 We own most of our roasting facilities and lease the majority of our warehousing and distribution locations. As of September 29, 2024, Starbucks h ad 21,018 company-operated stores, almost all of which are leased. We also lease space in various locations worldwide for regional, district, and other administrative offices, training facilities, and storag e. In addition to the locations listed above, we hold inventory at various locations managed by third-party warehouses. We believe our existing facilities, both owned and leased, are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 See Note 16 , Commitments and Contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K for information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION 
 MARKET INFORMATION AND DIVIDEND POLICY 
 Starbucks common stock is traded on Nasdaq, under the symbol SBUX. 
 As of November 13, 2024, we had approximately 17,000 shareholders of record. This does not include persons whose stock is in nominee or street name accounts through brokers. 
 Future decisions to pay comparable cash dividends to those paid in the past continue to be at the discretion of the Board and will be dependent on our operating performance, financial condition, capital expenditure requirements and other factors that the Board considers relevant. 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Shares under our ongoing share repurchase program may be repurchased in open market transactions, including pursuant to a trading plan adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or through privately negotiated transactions. The timing, manner, price, and amount of repurchases will be determined at our discretion and the share repurchase program may be suspended, terminated, or modified at any time for any reason. During the fiscal fourth quarter ended September 29, 2024, there was no share repurchase activity . 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Performance Comparison Graph 
 The following graph shall not be deemed filed for purposes of section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that section and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Starbucks Corporation under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing. 
 The following graph depicts the total return to shareholders from September 29, 2019, through September 29, 2024, relative to the performance of the Standard Poor s 500 Index, the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Standard Poor s 500 Consumer Discretionary Sector, a peer group that includes Starbucks. All indices shown in the graph have been reset to a base of 100 as of September 29, 2019, and assume an investment of 100 on that date and the reinvestment of dividends paid since that date. The stock price performance shown in the graph is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. 
 Sep 29, 2019 Sep 27, 2020 Oct 3, 2021 Oct 2, 2022 Oct 1, 2023 Sep 29, 2024 Starbucks Corporation 100.00 97.36 132.65 101.19 111.93 122.41 S P 500 100.00 115.15 149.70 126.54 153.89 209.84 Nasdaq Composite 100.00 140.96 183.61 135.42 170.76 236.74 S P Consumer Discretionary 100.00 128.89 153.57 121.48 138.22 177.00 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including those identified above, under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this 10-K, and elsewhere herein. Therefore, our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason. Please also see the cautionary language at the beginning of Part I of this 10-K regarding forward-looking statements. 
 General 
 Our fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to September 30. All references to store counts, including data for new store openings, are reported net of related store closures, unless otherwise noted. Fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022 included 52 weeks. 
 The discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2022, included in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A can be found in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2023. 
 
 Overview 
 We have three reportable operating segments: 1) North America, which is inclusive of the U.S. and Canada; 2) International, which is inclusive of China, Japan, Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America, and the Caribbean; and 3) Channel Development. Unallocated corporate expenses are reported within Corporate and Other. 
 We believe our financial results and long-term growth model will continue to be driven by new store openings, comparable store sales, and operating margin management, underpinned by disciplined capital allocation. We believe these key operating metrics are useful to investors because management uses these metrics to assess the growth of our business and the effectiveness of our marketing and operational strategies. Throughout this MD A, we commonly discuss the following key operating metrics: 
 New store openings and store count 
 Comparable store sales 
 Operating margin 
 Starbucks results for fiscal 2024 reflect a challenging operating environment, notably driven by reduced customer traffic compared to fiscal 2023, that pressured our financial results. Consolidated net revenues increased 1 to 36.2 billion in fiscal 2024 compared to 36.0 billion in fiscal 2023, primarily driven by incremental revenues from net new company-operated stores over the past 12 months, partially offset by a decrease in comparable store sales and the impact of unfavorable foreign currency translation. 
 For both the North America segment and U.S. market, revenue increased 2 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023, primarily driven by net new company-operated store growth over the past 12 months and higher product and equipment sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees. This growth was partially offset by a 2 decline in comparable store sales. Comparable transactions for both the North America segment and the U.S. market declined 5 , partially offset by average ticket growth for both the North America segment and the U.S. market of 4 , primarily driven by annualization of pricing. 
 For the International segment, revenue declined 2 in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023, primarily driven by the impact of unfavorable foreign currency translation, a 4 decline in comparable store sales driven by a decline in average ticket of 4 , and lower product and equipment sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees. These decreases were partially offset by net new company-operated and licensed store openings over the past 12 months. 
 Revenue for our Channel Development segment decreased 7 in fiscal 2024 compared with fiscal 2023, primarily driven by a decline in revenue in the Global Coffee Alliance following the sale of our Seattle s Best Coffee brand to Nestl in the second quarter of fiscal 2023 as well as product SKU optimization. 
 Our performance was lower-than-expected as a result of a pronounced customer traffic decline, reflecting our targeted and accelerated investments not improving customer behaviors as intended, as well as the macroeconomic and competitive environment in China that further pressured our results. Given these challenges, under the direction of our new chief executive officer, Brian Niccol, we are changing our business strategy to bring customers back to our stores and return to growth. Our Back to Starbucks strategy includes supporting our green apron partners, enhancing the customer experience, reestablishing ourselves as the community coffee house, and innovating the coffee tasting experience through product development, marketing, and in-store experience. This strategic reset will provide us with the opportunity to assess the business and refocus 
 34 

Table of Contents 

our efforts, including capital allocation priorities, efficiency efforts, and store growth initiatives. We remain confident in the strength of our brand and believe that the new action plans will position the Company for sustainable long-term growth. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Financial Highlights 
 Total net revenues increased 1 to 36.2 billion in fiscal 2024 compared to 36.0 billion in fiscal 2023. 
 Consolidated operating income decreased to 5.4 billion in fiscal 2024 compared to 5.9 billion in fiscal 2023. Fiscal 2024 operating margin was 15.0 compared to 16.3 in fiscal 2023. Operating margin contraction of 130 basis points was primarily due to investments in store partner wages and benefits (approximately 140 basis points), deleverage (approximately 130 basis points), and increased promotional activity (approximately 100 basis points). These decreases were partially offset by pricing (approximately 180 basis points) and in-store operational efficiencies (approximately 130 basis points). 
 Diluted earnings per share EPS for fiscal 2024 decreased to 3.31, compared to EPS of 3.58 in fiscal 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by contraction in operating margin as compared to the prior year. 
 Capital expenditures were 2.8 billion in fiscal 2024 and 2.3 billion in fiscal 2023. 
 We returned 3.8 billion and 3.4 billion to our shareholders in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively, through dividends and share repurchases. 
 
 Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 See Note 2 , Acquisitions, Divestitures and Strategic Alliance, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K for information regarding acquisitions and divestitures. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FISCAL 2024 COMPARED TO FISCAL 2023 
 Consolidated results of operations (in millions) : 
 Revenues Fiscal Year Ended Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 
 Change 
 Net revenues: Company-operated stores 29,765.9 29,462.3 1.0 Licensed stores 4,505.1 4,512.7 (0.2) Other 1,905.2 2,000.6 (4.8) Total net revenues 36,176.2 35,975.6 0.6 
 Total net revenues increased 201 million, or 1 , over fiscal 2023, primarily due to higher revenues from company-operated stores 304 million). The growth in company-operated store revenue was driven by incremental revenues from 1,426 net new company-operated stores, or a 7 increase, over the past 12 months 1.2 billion). Partially offsetting this increase were a 2 decrease in comparable store sales 629 million), attributable to a 4 decrease in comparable transactions, partially offset by a 2 increase in average ticket, primarily due to annualization of pricing, and unfavorable foreign currency translation impacts 235 million). 
 Licensed stores revenue decreased 8 million, primarily driven by lower product and equipment sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees in our International segment 69 million) and unfavorable foreign currency translation impacts 27 million), partially offset by higher product and equipment sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees in our North America segment 80 million). 
 Other revenues decreased 95 million, primarily due to a decline in revenue in the Global Coffee Alliance 125 million) following the sale of our Seattle s Best Coffee brand to Nestl in the second quarter of fiscal 2023 as well as product SKU optimization. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Operating Expenses Fiscal Year Ended Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 As a of Total 
 Net Revenues 
 Product and distribution costs 11,180.6 11,409.1 30.9 31.7 Store operating expenses 15,286.5 14,720.3 42.3 40.9 Other operating expenses 565.6 539.4 1.6 1.5 Depreciation and amortization expenses 1,512.6 1,362.6 4.2 3.8 General and administrative expenses 2,523.3 2,441.3 7.0 6.8 Restructuring and impairments 21.8 0.1 Total operating expenses 31,068.6 30,494.5 85.9 84.8 Income from equity investees 301.2 298.4 0.8 0.8 Gain from sale of assets 91.3 0.3 Operating income 5,408.8 5,870.8 15.0 16.3 Store operating expenses as a of related revenues 51.4 50.0 
 Product and distribution costs as a percentage of total net revenues decreased 80 basis points, primarily due to the impact of increased sales from pricing (approximately 70 basis points) and a reduction in supply chain costs (approximately 60 basis points). 
 Store operating expenses as a percentage of total net revenues increased 140 basis points. Store operating expenses as a percentage of company-operated store revenues increased 140 basis points, primarily due to investments in store partner wages and benefits (approximately 170 basis points), deleverage (approximately 80 basis points), and increased promotional activity (approximately 70 basis points), partially offset by in-store operational efficiencies (approximately 170 basis points). 
 Other operating expenses increased 26 million, primarily due to support costs for our growing licensed markets. 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses as a percentage of total net revenues increased 40 basis points, primarily due to deleverage. 
 General and administrative expenses increased 82 million, primarily due to incremental investments in technology 93 million), investments in partner wages and benefits 90 million), and certain proxy solicitation and advisory services costs incurred in the second quarter of fiscal 2024 28 million). These increases were partially offset by lower performance-based compensation 86 million) and the lapping of donations to The Starbucks Foundation made in fiscal 2023 30 million). 
 Gain from sale of assets includes the sale of our Seattle s Best Coffee brand to Nestl in the second quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 The combination of these changes resulted in an overall decrease in operating margin of 130 basis points in fiscal 2024 when compared to fiscal 2023. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Other Income and Expenses Fiscal Year Ended Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 As a of Total 
 Net Revenues 
 Operating income 5,408.8 5,870.8 15.0 16.3 Interest income and other, net 122.8 81.2 0.3 0.2 Interest expense (562.0) (550.1) (1.6) (1.5) Earnings before income taxes 4,969.6 5,401.9 13.7 15.0 Income tax expense 1,207.3 1,277.2 3.3 3.6 Net earnings including noncontrolling interests 3,762.3 4,124.7 10.4 11.5 Net earnings/(loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 1.4 0.2 0.0 0.0 Net earnings attributable to Starbucks 3,760.9 4,124.5 10.4 11.5 Effective tax rate including noncontrolling interests 24.3 23.6 
 Interest income and other, net increased 42 million, and i nterest expens e increased 12 million, both primarily due to higher interest rates in the current year. 
 The effective tax rate for fiscal 2024 was 24.3 compared to 23.6 for fiscal 2023.The increase was due to lapping the release of valuation allowances recorded against certain deferred tax assets of an international jurisdiction in the prior year (approximately 80 basis points) and the accrual of foreign withholding taxes related to the current year earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries (approximately 60 basis points), partially offset by electing an alternative tax approach in a certain foreign jurisdiction that resulted in a tax benefit in the second quarter of fiscal 2024 (approximately 60 basis points). See Note 14 , Income Taxes, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K, for further discussion. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Segment Information 
 Results of operations by segment (in millions) : 
 North America Fiscal Year Ended Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 As a of North America Total Net Revenues Net revenues: Company-operated stores 24,258.7 23,905.4 89.8 90.0 Licensed stores 2,747.4 2,659.1 10.2 10.0 Other 3.4 5.1 0.0 0.0 Total net revenues 27,009.5 26,569.6 100.0 100.0 Product and distribution costs 7,478.0 7,530.4 27.7 28.3 Store operating expenses 12,467.1 11,959.2 46.2 45.0 Other operating expenses 280.9 263.8 1.0 1.0 Depreciation and amortization expenses 1,052.4 910.1 3.9 3.4 General and administrative expenses 375.8 389.7 1.4 1.5 Restructuring and impairments 20.7 0.1 Total operating expenses 21,654.2 21,073.9 80.2 79.3 Operating income 5,355.3 5,495.7 19.8 20.7 Store operating expenses as a of related revenues 51.4 50.0 
 Revenues 
 North America total net revenues for fiscal 2024 increased 440 million, or 2 , primarily driven by net new company-operated store growth of 5 , or 533 stores, over the past 12 months 788 million) and higher product and equipment sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees 80 million). This growth was partially offset by a 2 decline in comparable store sales 420 million) driven by a 5 decrease in comparable transactions, partially offset by a 4 increase in average ticket, primarily due to annualization of pricing. 
 Operating Margin 
 North America operating income for fiscal 2024 decreased 3 to 5.4 billion, compared to 5.5 billion in fiscal 2023. Operating margin contracted 90 basis points to 19.8 , primarily due to investments in store partner wages and benefits (approximately 150 basis points), deleverage (approximately 150 basis points), and increased promotional activity (approximately 100 basis points), partially offset by pricing (approximately 220 basis points) and in-store operational efficiencies (approximately 150 basis points). 
 39 

Table of Contents 

International Fiscal Year Ended Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 As a of International 
 Total Net Revenues 
 Net revenues: Company-operated stores 5,507.2 5,556.9 75.0 74.2 Licensed stores 1,757.7 1,853.6 24.0 24.8 Other 74.0 77.1 1.0 1.0 Total net revenues 7,338.9 7,487.6 100.0 100.0 Product and distribution costs 2,575.2 2,608.4 35.1 34.8 Store operating expenses 2,819.4 2,761.1 38.4 36.9 Other operating expenses 225.1 219.0 3.1 2.9 Depreciation and amortization expenses 338.3 335.1 4.6 4.5 General and administrative expenses 338.8 335.8 4.6 4.5 Total operating expenses 6,296.8 6,259.4 85.8 83.6 Income from equity investees 3.6 2.7 0.0 0.0 Operating income 1,045.7 1,230.9 14.2 16.4 Store operating expenses as a of related revenues 51.2 49.7 
 Revenues 
 International total net revenues for fiscal 2024 decreased 149 million, or 2 , primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency translation impacts 252 million), as well as a 4 decline in comparable store sales 210 million), driven by a 4 decline in average ticket. Also contributing to the decline in international total net revenues were lower product and equipment sales to, and royalty revenues from, our licensees 69 million), largely driven by continued disruptions due to multiple international conflicts, partially offset by the performance of 654 net new licensed store openings over the past 12 months. These decreases were partially offset by net new company-operated store growth of 10 , or 893 stores, over the past 12 months 378 million). 
 Operating Margin 
 International operating income for fiscal 2024 decreased 15 to 1.0 billion, compared to 1.2 billion in fiscal 2023. Operating margin contracted 220 basis points to 14.2 , primarily due to increased promotional activity (approximately 170 basis points) and investments in store partner wages and benefits (approximately 120 basis points), partially offset by in-store operational efficiencies (approximately 100 basis points). 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Channel Development Fiscal Year Ended Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 As a of Channel Development Total Net Revenues Net revenues 1,769.8 1,893.8 Product and distribution costs 1,075.4 1,250.1 60.8 66.0 Other operating expenses 58.4 54.6 3.3 2.9 Depreciation and amortization expenses 0.1 0.0 0.0 General and administrative expenses 7.7 8.4 0.4 0.4 Total operating expenses 1,141.5 1,313.2 64.5 69.3 Income from equity investees 297.6 295.7 16.8 15.6 Gain from sale of assets 91.3 4.8 Operating income 925.9 967.6 52.3 51.1 
 Revenues 
 Channel Development total net revenues for fiscal 2024 decreased 124 million, or 7 , compared to fiscal 2023, primarily due to a decline in revenue in the Global Coffee Alliance 125 million) following the sale of our Seattle s Best Coffee brand to Nestl in the second quarter of fiscal 2023 as well as product SKU optimization. 
 Operating Margin 
 Channel Development operating income for fiscal 2024 decreased 4 to 926 million, compared to 968 million in fiscal 2023. Operating margin expanded 120 basis points to 52.3 , primarily due to mix shift (approximately 350 basis points), strength in our North American Coffee Partnership joint venture income (approximately 120 basis points), and lapping impairment charges against certain manufacturing assets in the second quarter of fiscal 2023 (approximately 90 basis points). These increases were partially offset by lapping the gain from the sale of our Seattle s Best Coffee brand in the second quarter of fiscal 2023 (approximately 480 basis points). 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Corporate and Other Fiscal Year Ended Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 Change Net revenues: Other 58.0 24.6 135.8 Total net revenues 58.0 24.6 135.8 Product and distribution costs 52.0 20.2 157.4 Other operating expenses 1.2 2.0 (40.0) Depreciation and amortization expenses 121.9 117.3 3.9 General and administrative expenses 1,801.0 1,707.4 5.5 Restructuring and impairments 1.1 nm Total operating expenses 1,976.1 1,848.0 6.9 Operating loss (1,918.1) (1,823.4) 5.2 
 Corporate and Other primarily consists of our unallocated corporate expenses. Unallocated corporate expenses include corporate administrative functions that support the operating segments but are not specifically attributable to or managed by any segment and are not included in the reported financial results of the operating segments. 
 Corporate and Other operating loss increased to 1.9 billion for fiscal 2024, or 5 , compared to 1.8 billion in fiscal 2023. This increase was primarily driven by incremental investments in technology 93 million), investments in partner wages and benefits 57 million), and certain proxy solicitation and advisory services costs incurred in the second quarter of fiscal 2024 28 million). These increases were partially offset by lower performance-based compensation 61 million) and the lapping of donations to The Starbucks Foundation made in fiscal 2023 30 million). 

FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY, AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Cash and Investment Overview 
 Our cash and investments were 3.8 billion and 4.2 billion as of September 29, 2024, and October 1, 2023, respectively. We actively manage our cash and investments in order to internally fund operating needs, make scheduled interest and principal payments on our borrowings, fund acquisitions, and return cash to shareholders through common stock cash dividend payments and share repurchases. Our investment portfolio primarily includes highly liquid available-for-sale securities, including corporate debt securities, government treasury securities (domestic and foreign), and commercial paper as well as principal-protected structured deposits. As of September 29, 2024, approximately 2.1 billion of cash and short-term investments were held in foreign subsidiaries. 
 Borrowing Capacity 
 Credit Facilities and Commercial Paper 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 Our 3.0 billion unsecured five-year revolving credit facility (the 2021 credit facility ), of which 150.0 million may be used for issuances of letters of credit, is currently set to mature on September 16, 2026. The 2021 credit facility is available for working capital, capital expenditures, and other corporate purposes, including acquisitions and share repurchases. We have the option, subject to negotiation and agreement with the related banks, to increase the maximum commitment amount by an additional 1.0 billion. 
 Borrowings under the 2021 credit facility, which was most recently amended in April 2023, will bear interest at a variable rate based on Term SOFR, and, for U.S. dollar-denominated loans under certain circumstances, a Base Rate (as defined in the 2021 credit facility), in each case plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin is based on the Company s long-term credit ratings assigned by the Moody s and Standard Poor s rating agencies. The Base Rate is the highest of (i) the Federal Funds Rate (as defined in the 2021 credit facility) plus 0.500 , (ii) Bank of America s prime rate, and (iii) Term SOFR plus 1.000 . Term SOFR means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administrated by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange plus a SOFR Adjustment of 0.100 . 
 The 2021 credit facility contains provisions requiring us to maintain compliance with certain covenants, including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, which measures our ability to cover financing expenses. As of September 29, 2024, we were in compliance with all applicable covenants. No amounts were outstanding under our 2021 credit facility as of September 29, 2024, or October 1, 2023. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Our total available contractual borrowing capacity for general corporate purposes was 3.0 billion as of the end of fiscal 2024. 
 Commercial Paper 
 Under our commercial paper program, we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of 3.0 billion, with individual maturities that may vary but not exceed 397 days from the date of issue. Amounts outstanding under the commercial paper program are required to be backstopped by available commitments under our 2021 credit facility. The proceeds from borrowings under our commercial paper program may be used for working capital needs, capital expenditures, and other corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, business expansion, payment of cash dividends on our common stock and share repurchases. As of September 29, 2024, and October 1, 2023, we had no amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program. 
 Credit Facilities in Japan 
 Additionally, we hold the following Japanese yen-denominated credit facilities that are available for working capital needs and capital expenditures within our Japanese market: 
 A 5.0 billion, or 34.5 million, credit facility is currently set to mature on December 30, 2024. Borrowings under this credit facility are subject to terms defined within the facility and will bear interest at a variable rate based on Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate TIBOR plus an applicable margin of 0.400 . 
 A 10.0 billion, or 69.1 million, credit facility is currently set to mature on March 27, 2025. Borrowings under this credit facility are subject to terms defined within the facility and will bear interest at a variable rate based on TIBOR plus an applicable margin of 0.300 . 
 As of September 29, 2024, we had no borrowings outstanding under these credit facilities. As of October 1, 2023, we had 5.0 billion, or 33.5 million, of borrowings outstanding under these credit facilities. 
 See Note 9 , Debt, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K for details of the components of our long-term debt. 
 Our ability to incur new liens and conduct sale and leaseback transactions on certain material properties is subject to compliance with terms of the indentures under which the long-term notes were issued. As of September 29, 2024, we were in compliance with all applicable covenants. 
 Use of Cash 
 We expect to use our available cash and investments, including, but not limited to, additional potential future borrowings under the credit facilities, commercial paper program, and the issuance of debt to support and invest in our core businesses, including investing in new ways to serve our customers and supporting our store partners, repaying maturing debts, returning cash to shareholders through common stock cash dividend payments and discretionary share repurchases, and investing in new business opportunities related to our core and developing businesses. Furthermore, we may use our available cash resources to make proportionate capital contributions to our investees. We may also seek strategic acquisitions to leverage existing capabilities and further build our business. Acquisitions may include increasing our ownership interests in our investees. Any decisions to increase such ownership interests will be driven by valuation and fit with our ownership strategy. 
 We believe that net future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments both domestically and internationally, combined with our ability to leverage our balance sheet through the issuance of debt, will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses as well as shareholder distributions for at least the next 12 months. We are currently not aware of any trends or demands, commitments, events, or uncertainties that will result in, or that are reasonably likely to result in, our liquidity increasing or decreasing in any material way that will impact our capital needs during or beyond the next 12 months. We have borrowed funds and continue to believe we have the ability to do so at reasonable interest rates; however, additional borrowings would result in increased interest expense in the future. In this regard, we may incur additional debt, within targeted levels, as part of our plans to fund our capital programs, including cash returns to shareholders through future dividends and discretionary share repurchases, refinancing debt maturities, as well as investing in new business opportunities. If necessary, we may pursue additional sources of financing, including both short-term and long-term borrowings and debt issuances. 
 We regularly review our cash positions and our determination of partial indefinite reinvestment of foreign earnings. In the event we determine that all or another portion of such foreign earnings are no longer indefinitely reinvested, we may be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes, which could be material. Any foreign earnings that are not indefinitely reinvested may be repatriated at management s discretion. During fiscal 2024, we paid approximately 18 million for foreign withholding taxes related to repatriating the earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries. See Note 14 , Income Taxes, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K, for further discussion. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

During each of the first three quarters of fiscal 2023, we declared a cash dividend to shareholders of 0.53 per share. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, and for each of the first three quarters of fiscal 2024, we declared a cash dividend of 0.57 per share. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, we declared a cash dividend of 0.61 per share to be paid on November 29, 2024, with an expected payout of approximately 691.4 million. Dividends are generally paid in the quarter following the declaration date. Cash returned to shareholders through dividends in fiscal 2024 and 2023 totaled 2.6 billion and 2.4 billion, respectively. 
 During the fiscal year ended October 1, 2023, we repurchased 10.0 million shares of common stock for 1.0 billion on the open market. During the fiscal year ended September 29, 2024, we repurchased 12.8 million shares of common stock for 1.3 billion on the open market. As of September 29, 2024, 29.8 million shares remained available for repurchase under current authorizations. 
 Other than normal operating expenses, cash requirements for fiscal 2025 are expected to consist primarily of capital expenditures for investments in our new and existing stores, our supply chain, and corporate facilities. Total capital expenditures for fiscal 2025 are expected to be reasonably consistent with fiscal 2024. 
 The following table summarizes current and long-term material cash requirements as of September 29, 2024, which we expect to fund primarily with operating cash flows in millions ): Material Cash Requirements Total Less than 1 
 Year 
 1 - 3 
 Years 
 3 - 5 
 Years 
 More than 
 5 Years 
 Operating lease obligations (1) 
 11,942.3 1,808.5 3,202.2 2,433.1 4,498.5 Debt obligations Principal payments 15,700.0 1,250.0 3,000.0 2,350.0 9,100.0 Interest payments 6,359.4 588.3 968.9 798.6 4,003.6 Purchase obligations (2) 
 1,296.0 1,010.0 245.9 40.1 Other obligations (3) 
 350.8 116.3 101.0 37.3 96.2 Total 35,648.5 4,773.1 7,518.0 5,659.1 17,698.3 
 (1) Amounts include direct lease obligations, excluding any taxes, insurance, and other related expenses. 
 (2) Purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on Starbucks and that specify all significant terms. Green coffee purchase commitments comprise 86 of total purchase obligations. 
 (3) Other obligations include other long-term liabilities primarily consisting of long-term asset retirement obligations, income taxes payable, equity investment capital commitments, and finance lease obligations. 
 Cash Flows 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 6.1 billion for fiscal 2024, compared to 6.0 billion for fiscal 2023. The change was primarily due to an increase in net cash provided by changes in other operating assets and liabilities, primarily driven by net hedging activity, largely related to our coffee hedging program. See Note 3 , Derivative Financial Instruments, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K for further discussion. Also contributing were the change in operating lease liability driven by the timing of cash payment for rent, an increase in depreciation and amortization driven by capital additions, and higher distributions received from our North America Coffee Partnership. These increases were partially offset by lower net earnings during the period and higher inventory purchase costs, primarily driven by increased coffee commodity prices. 
 Cash used in investing activities was 2.7 billion for fiscal 2024, compared to 2.3 billion for fiscal 2023. The change was primarily due to increased capital expenditures, driven by higher existing and new store investments in North America, and lapping the proceeds from the prior year sale of Seattle s Best Coffee brand to Nestl . These increases were partially offset by higher maturities and calls of investments, driven by maturities of structured deposits. 
 Cash used in financing activities was 3.7 billion for fiscal 2024, compared to 3.0 billion for fiscal 2023. The change was primarily due to an increase in repayments of debt and an increase in cash returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, partially offset by an increase in net proceeds from issuances of debt. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

COMMODITY PRICES, AVAILABILITY, AND GENERAL RISK CONDITIONS 
 Commodity price risk represents our primary market risk, generated by our purchases of green coffee and dairy products, among other items. We purchase, roast, and sell high-quality arabica coffee and related products, and risk arises from the price volatility of green coffee. In addition to coffee, we also purchase significant amounts of dairy products to support the needs of our company-operated stores. The price and availability of these commodities directly impact our results of operations, and we expect commodity prices, particularly coffee, to impact future results of operations. For additional details see Product Supply in Item 1 of Part I of this 10-K, as well as Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I this 10-K. 
 
 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Market risk is defined as the risk of losses due to changes in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, equity security prices, and interest rates. We manage our exposure to various market-based risks according to a market price risk management policy. Under this policy, market-based risks are quantified and evaluated for potential mitigation strategies, such as entering into hedging transactions. The market price risk management policy governs how hedging instruments may be used to mitigate risk. Risk limits are set annually, and speculative trading activities are prohibited. We also monitor and limit the amount of associated counterparty credit risk, which we consider to be low. We use interest rate swap agreements and treasury locks to primarily hedge against changes in benchmark interest rates related to anticipated debt issuances. We also use cross-currency swaps to hedge against changes in the fair value of our net investments in foreign operations. Excluding interest rate hedging instruments and cross currency swaps, hedging instruments generally do not have maturities in excess of three years. Refer to Note 1 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates, and Note 3 , Derivative Financial Instruments, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K for further discussion of our hedging instruments. 
 The sensitivity analyses disclosed below provide only a limited, point-in-time view of the market risk of the financial instruments discussed. The actual impact of the respective underlying rates and price changes on the financial instruments may differ significantly from those shown in the sensitivity analyses. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 We purchase commodity inputs, primarily coffee, dairy products, diesel, cocoa, sugar, and other commodities, that are used in our operations and are subject to price fluctuations that impact our financial results. We use a combination of pricing features embedded within supply contracts, such as fixed-price and price-to-be-fixed contracts and financial derivatives, to manage our commodity price risk exposure. 
 The following table summarizes the potential impact as of September 29, 2024, to Starbucks future net earnings and other comprehensive income OCI from changes in commodity prices. The information provided below relates only to the hedging instruments and does not represent the corresponding changes in the underlying hedged items (in millions) : Increase/(Decrease) to Net Earnings Increase/(Decrease) to OCI 10 Increase in 
 Underlying Rate 
 10 Decrease in Underlying Rate 10 Increase in Underlying Rate 10 Decrease in Underlying Rate Commodity hedges 2 (2) 21 (21) 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 The majority of our revenue, expense, and capital purchasing activities are transacted in U.S. dollars. However, because a portion of our operations consists of activities outside of the U.S., we have transactions in other currencies, primarily the Chinese renminbi, Japanese yen, Canadian dollar, British pound, South Korean won, and euro. To reduce cash flow volatility from foreign currency fluctuations, we enter into derivative instruments to hedge portions of cash flows of anticipated intercompany royalty payments, inventory purchases, intercompany borrowing, and lending activities, and certain other transactions in currencies other than the functional currency of the entity that enters into the arrangements, as well as the translation risk of certain balance sheet items. The volatility in the foreign exchange market may lead to significant fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates and adversely impact our financial results in the case of weakening foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes the potential impact as of September 29, 2024, to Starbucks future net earnings and other comprehensive income from changes in the fair value of these derivative financial instruments due to a change in the value of the U.S. dollar as compared to foreign exchange rates. The information provided below relates only to the hedging instruments and does not represent the corresponding changes in the underlying hedged items in millions ): Increase/(Decrease) to Net Earnings Increase/(Decrease) to OCI 10 Increase in Underlying Rate 10 Decrease in Underlying Rate 10 Increase in Underlying Rate 10 Decrease in Underlying Rate Foreign currency hedges 24 (24) 489 (489) 
 Equity Security Price Risk 
 We have minimal exposure to price fluctuations on equity mutual funds and equity exchange-traded funds within our marketable equity securities portfolio. Marketable equity securities are recorded at fair value and approximates a portion of our liability under our Management Deferred Compensation Plan MDCP ). Gains and losses from the portfolio and the change in our MDCP liability are recorded in our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 We performed a sensitivity analysis based on a 10 change in the underlying equity prices of our investments as of September 29, 2024, and determined that such a change would not have a significant impact on the fair value of these instruments. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Long-term Debt 
 We utilize short-term and long-term financing and may use interest rate hedges to manage our overall interest expense related to our existing fixed-rate debt, as well as to hedge the variability in cash flows due to changes in benchmark interest rates related to anticipated debt issuances. See Note 3 , Derivative Financial Instruments and Note 9 , Debt, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K for further discussion of our interest rate hedge agreements and details of the components of our long-term debt, respectively, as of September 29, 2024. 
 The following table summarizes the impact of a change in interest rates as of September 29, 2024, on the fair value of Starbucks debt (in millions) : 
 Fair Value Decrease in Fair Value for a 100 Basis Point Increase in Underlying Rate 
 Long-term debt (1) 
 14,647 (943) 
 (1) Amount disclosed is net of 15 million change in the fair value of our designated interest rate swaps. Refer to Note 3 , Derivative Financial Instruments, for additional information on our interest rate swap designated as a fair value hedge. 
 Available-for-Sale Debt Securities 
 Our available-for-sale securities comprise a diversified portfolio consisting mainly of investment-grade debt securities. The primary objective of these investments is to preserve capital and liquidity. Available-for-sale securities are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. We do not hedge the interest rate exposure on our investments. We performed a sensitivity analysis based on a 100 basis point change in the underlying interest rate of our available-for-sale securities as of September 29, 2024, and determined that such a change would not have a significant impact on the fair value of these instruments. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Critical accounting estimates are those that management believes are the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results and require the most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Judgments and uncertainties may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. 
 Our significant accounting estimates are discussed in additional detail in Note 1 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K. We consider financial reporting and disclosure practices and accounting policies quarterly to ensure that they provide accurate and transparent information relative to the current economic and business environment. During the past five fiscal years, we have not made any material changes to the accounting methodologies used to assess the areas discussed below, unless noted otherwise. We believe that our significant accounting estimates involve a higher degree of judgment and/or complexity for the reasons discussed below. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Income Taxes 
 We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the respective tax bases of our assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using current enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which we expect the temporary differences to reverse. We routinely evaluate the likelihood of realizing the benefit of our deferred tax assets and may record a valuation allowance if, based on all available evidence, we determine that some portion of the tax benefit will not be realized. 
 In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets within the jurisdiction from which they arise, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of operations. In projecting future taxable income, we consider historical results and incorporate assumptions about the amount of future state, federal, and foreign pre-tax operating income adjusted for items that do not have tax consequences. Our assumptions regarding future taxable income are consistent with the plans and estimates we use to manage our underlying businesses. In evaluating the objective evidence that historical results provide, we consider three years of cumulative operating income/(loss). 
 In addition, our income tax returns are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. These audits include review of our tax filing positions, such as the timing and amount of deductions taken and the allocation of income between tax jurisdictions. We evaluate our exposures associated with our various tax filing positions and recognize a tax benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the relevant taxing authorities, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of our position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. For uncertain tax positions that do not meet this threshold, we record a related liability. We adjust our unrecognized tax benefit liability and income tax expense in the period in which the uncertain tax position is effectively settled, the statute of limitations expires for the relevant taxing authority to examine the tax position, or when new information becomes available. As discussed in Note 14 , Income Taxes, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K, there is a reasonable possibility that our unrecognized tax benefit liability will be adjusted within 12 months due to the expiration of a statute of limitations and/or resolution of examinations with taxing authorities. 
 We have generated income in certain foreign jurisdictions that may be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes and U.S. state income taxes. We regularly review our plans for reinvestment or repatriation of unremitted foreign earnings. The possibility exists that foreign earnings declared as indefinitely reinvested may be repatriated as our plans are based on our estimated working and other capital needs in jurisdictions where our earnings are generated. While we do not expect to repatriate cash to the U.S. to satisfy domestic liquidity needs, if these amounts were distributed to the U.S., in the form of dividends or otherwise, we may be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes and U.S. state income taxes, which could be material. 
 Our income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management s best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. Deferred tax asset valuation allowances and our liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits require significant management judgment regarding applicable statutes and their related interpretation, the status of various income tax audits, and our particular facts and circumstances. Although we believe that the judgments and estimates discussed herein are reasonable, actual results, including forecasted business performance, could differ, and we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. To the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability has been established or are required to pay amounts in excess of our established liability, our effective income tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Property, Plant and Equipment and Other Finite-Lived Assets 
 We evaluate property, plant and equipment, operating lease right-of-use ROU assets and other finite-lived assets for impairment when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such assets may not be recoverable. When evaluating for impairment, we first compare the carrying value of the asset to the asset s estimated future undiscounted cash flows. If the estimated undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset, we determine if we have an impairment loss by comparing the carrying value of the asset to the asset s estimated fair value and recognize an impairment charge when the asset s carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. The adjusted carrying amount of the asset becomes its new cost basis and is depreciated over the asset s remaining useful life. 
 Long-lived assets are grouped with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. For company-operated store assets, the impairment test is performed at the individual store asset group level, which is inclusive of property, plant and equipment and lease ROU assets. The fair value of a store s assets is estimated using a discounted cash flow model. For other long-lived assets, fair value is determined using an approach that is appropriate based on the relevant facts and circumstances, which may include discounted cash flows, comparable transactions, or comparable company analyses. 
 Our impairment calculations contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate future cash flows and asset fair values. Key assumptions used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values include projected revenue growth and operating expenses, as well as forecasting asset useful lives and selecting an appropriate discount rate. For company-operated stores, estimates of revenue growth and operating expenses are based on internal projections and consider the store s historical performance, the local market economics, and the business environment impacting the store s performance. The discount rate is selected based on what we believe a buyer would assume when determining a purchase price for the store. The fair value of a store s ROU asset is estimated considering what a market participant would pay to lease the asset for its highest and best use. These estimates are subjective and our ability to realize future cash flows and asset fair values is affected by factors such as ongoing maintenance and improvement of the assets, changes in economic conditions, and changes in operating performance. 
 In fiscal 2022, we announced our Reinvention Plan in the U.S. market to increase efficiency while elevating the partner and customer experience. As a result of the restructuring efforts in connection with the Reinvention Plan, we recorded immaterial impairment charges in our consolidated statements of earnings during the fiscal years ended October 1, 2023, and October 2, 2022. No restructuring and impairment costs attributable to the Reinvention Plan were recorded in our consolidated statements of earnings during the fiscal year ended September 29, 2024. 
 Asset impairment charges are discussed in Note 1 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K. 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 We evaluate goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually during our third fiscal quarter, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate impairment may exist. When evaluating these assets for impairment, we may first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit is impaired. If we do not perform a qualitative assessment, or if we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, we calculate the estimated fair value of the reporting unit using discounted cash flows or a combination of discounted cash flow and market approaches. 
 When assessing goodwill for impairment, our decision to perform a qualitative impairment assessment for an individual reporting unit is influenced by a number of factors, inclusive of the carrying value of the reporting unit s goodwill, the significance of the excess of the reporting unit s estimated fair value over carrying value at the last quantitative assessment date, and the amount of time in between quantitative fair value assessments and the date of acquisition. If we perform a quantitative assessment of an individual reporting unit s goodwill, our impairment calculations contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment when estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, including projected revenue growth and operating expenses related to existing businesses, product innovation, and new store concepts, as well as utilizing valuation multiples of similar publicly traded companies and selecting an appropriate discount rate. Estimates of revenue growth and operating expenses are based on internal projections considering the reporting unit s past performance and forecasted growth, strategic initiatives, local market economics, and the local business environment impacting the reporting unit s performance. The discount rate is selected based on the estimated cost of capital for a market participant to operate the reporting unit in the region. These estimates, as well as the selection of comparable companies and valuation multiples used in the market approaches, are highly subjective, and our ability to realize the future cash flows used in our fair value calculations is affected by factors such as the success of strategic initiatives, changes in economic conditions, changes in our operating performance, and changes in our business strategies, including retail initiatives and international expansion. We continue to believe the fair value of each of our reporting units is significantly in excess of its carrying value, and absent a sustained multi-year global decline in our business in key markets such as the U.S. and China, we do not anticipate incurring significant 
 48 

Table of Contents 

goodwill impairment in the next 12 months. Our fiscal 2024 annual goodwill impairment testing was completed in the third fiscal quarter. Where a quantitative assessment was performed, the estimated fair value of our reporting units exceeded carrying value by approximately 124 billion. 
 When assessing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, where we perform a qualitative assessment, we evaluate if changes in events or circumstances have occurred that indicate that impairment may exist. If we do not perform a qualitative impairment assessment or if changes in events and circumstances indicate that a quantitative assessment should be performed, management is required to calculate the fair value of the intangible asset group. The fair value calculation includes estimates of revenue growth, which are based on past performance and internal projections for the intangible asset group s forecasted growth and royalty rates, which are adjusted for our particular facts and circumstances. The discount rate is selected based on the estimated cost of capital that reflects the risk profile of the related business. These estimates are highly subjective, and our ability to achieve the forecasted cash flows used in our fair value calculations is affected by factors such as the success of strategic initiatives, changes in economic conditions, changes in our operating performance, and changes in our business strategies, including retail initiatives and international expansion. We do not anticipate recording significant impairment charges in the next 12 months. 
 Definite-lived intangible asset impairment charges are discussed in Note 8 , Other Intangible Assets and Goodwill, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K. 
 
 RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 See Note 1 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates, to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this 10-K for a detailed description of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Commodity Prices, Availability, and General Risk Conditions and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Risk Management in Item 7 of this Report. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 Fiscal Year Ended Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 Oct 2, 2022 Net revenues: Company-operated stores Licensed stores Other Total net revenues Product and distribution costs Store operating expenses Other operating expenses Depreciation and amortization expenses General and administrative expenses Restructuring and impairments Total operating expenses Income from equity investees Gain from sale of assets Operating income Interest income and other, net Interest expense ) ) ) Earnings before income taxes Income tax expense Net earnings including noncontrolling interests Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests Net earnings attributable to Starbucks Earnings per share basic Earnings per share diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

50 

Table of Contents 

STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in millions) 
 Fiscal Year Ended Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 Oct 2, 2022 Net earnings including noncontrolling interests Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax: Unrealized holding gains/(losses) on available-for-sale debt securities ) Tax (expense)/benefit ) ) Unrealized gains/(losses) on cash flow hedging instruments ) Tax (expense)/benefit ) ) Unrealized gains/(losses) on net investment hedging instruments Tax (expense)/benefit ) ) ) Translation adjustment and other ) ) Tax (expense)/benefit ) Reclassification adjustment for net (gains)/losses realized in net earnings for available-for-sale securities, hedging instruments, translation adjustment and other ) ) ) Tax expense/(benefit) Other comprehensive income/(loss) ) ) Comprehensive income including noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive income attributable to Starbucks 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

51 

Table of Contents 

STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Long-term investments Equity investments Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease, right-of-use asset Deferred income taxes, net Other long-term assets Other intangible assets Goodwill TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY/(DEFICIT) 
 Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Accrued payroll and benefits Current portion of operating lease liability Stored value card liability and current portion of deferred revenue Short-term debt Current portion of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liability Deferred revenue Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders deficit: Common stock par value) authorized, shares; issued and outstanding, and shares, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) ) ) Total shareholders deficit ) ) Noncontrolling interests Total deficit ) ) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY/(DEFICIT) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 
 Fiscal Year Ended Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 Oct 2, 2022 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net earnings including noncontrolling interests Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes, net ) ) ) Income earned from equity method investees ) ) ) Distributions received from equity method investees Gain on sale of assets ) Stock-based compensation Non-cash lease costs Loss on retirement and impairment of assets Other ) Cash provided by/(used in) changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) Income taxes payable ) ) Accounts payable Deferred revenue ) ) ) Operating lease liability ) ) ) Other operating assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases of investments ) ) ) Sales of investments Maturities and calls of investments Additions to property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Net proceeds from the divestiture of certain operations Other ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Net (payments)/proceeds from issuance of commercial paper ) Net proceeds from issuance of short-term debt Repayments of short-term debt ) ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Minimum tax withholdings on share-based awards ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS: Beginning of period End of period SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid during the period for: Interest, net of capitalized interest Income taxes 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (in millions, except per share data) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings/(Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Shareholders Equity/(Deficit) Noncontrolling Interests Total Shares Amount Balance, October 3, 2021 ) ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options/vesting of RSUs ) ) ) ) Sale of common stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) ) Net distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance, October 2, 2022 ) ) ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options/vesting of RSUs Sale of common stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) ) Noncontrolling interest resulting from divestiture ) ) ) ) ) Balance, October 1, 2023 ) ) ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation expense Exercise of stock options/vesting of RSUs ) ) ) Sale of common stock Repurchase of common stock (1) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interests and other ) ) Balance, September 29, 2024 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Includes excise tax on share repurchases. 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 INDEX FOR NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 56 
 Note 2 Acquisitions, Divestitures , and Strategic Alliance 
 65 
 Note 3 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 65 
 Note 4 Fair Value Measurements 
 70 
 Note 5 Inventories 
 72 
 Note 6 Equity Investments 
 72 
 Note 7 Supplemental Balance Sheet and Statement of Earnings Information 
 74 
 Note 8 Other Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
 75 
 Note 9 Debt 
 75 
 Note 10 Leases 
 78 
 Note 11 Deferred Revenue 
 79 
 Note 12 Equity 
 79 
 Note 13 Employee Stock and Benefit Plans 
 81 
 Note 14 Income Taxes 
 83 
 Note 15 Earnings per Share 
 85 
 Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies 
 85 
 Note 17 Segment Reporting 
 85 
 Note 18 Subsequent Event 
 88 

55 

Table of Contents 

STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Fiscal Years ended September 29, 2024, October 1, 2023, and October 2, 2022 
 
 Note 1: 

million and million to restructuring and impairments in our consolidated statements of earnings during fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. No restructuring and impairment costs attributable to this plan were recorded in our consolidated statements of earnings during fiscal year 2024. 
 As of September 29, 2024, and October 1, 2023, there were no material restructuring-related accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

57 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively, and is included in other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. As of September 29, 2024, and October 1, 2023, cash collateral pledged as part of our commodity derivative margin requirements was million and million, respectively, and is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on our consolidated balance sheets. The potential effects of netting arrangements with our derivative contracts, excluding the effects of collateral, would not have had a material impact on our consolidated balance sheets. We also hold cash and cash equivalents from various settled-to-market exchange traded futures related to coffee and dairy hedging. 
 By using these derivative instruments, we expose ourselves to potential credit risk. Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. We minimize this credit risk by entering into transactions with carefully selected, credit-worthy counterparties and distribute contracts among several financial institutions to reduce the concentration of credit risk. 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as a cash flow hedge, the derivative s gain or loss is reported as a component of other comprehensive income OCI and recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI on our consolidated balance sheets. The gain or loss is subsequently reclassified into net earnings when the hedged exposure affects net earnings, in the same line item as the underlying hedged item on our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 Cash flow hedges related to anticipated transactions are designated and documented at the inception of each hedge. Cash flows from hedging transactions are classified in the same categories as the cash flows from the respective hedged items. For de-designated cash flow hedges in which the transactions are no longer likely to occur, the related accumulated derivative gains or losses are recognized in interest income and other, net on our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as a net investment hedge, the derivative s, or qualifying non-derivative instrument s, gain or loss is reported as a component of OCI and recorded in AOCI. The gain or loss will be subsequently reclassified into net earnings when the hedged net investment is either sold or substantially liquidated. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively. 
 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 to years for equipment, to years for buildings, and to years for capitalized software. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the related lease life, generally years. For leases with renewal periods at our option, we generally use the original lease term, excluding renewal option periods, to determine estimated useful lives. If failure to exercise a renewal option imposes a significant economic penalty to us, we may determine at the inception of the lease that renewal is reasonably assured and include the renewal option period in the determination of the appropriate estimated useful lives. Capitalized software includes the costs of developing or obtaining internal-use software, such as external direct costs of materials and services, payroll and benefits costs, interest costs, and costs to develop or obtain software that allows for access or conversion of historical data by new systems. We capitalize costs when the preliminary project stage is complete, management has authorized and committed to funding the software project, it is probable that the software project will be completed, and it is probable that the software will be used to perform the intended function. 
 The portion of depreciation expense related to production and distribution facilities is included in product and distribution costs on our consolidated statements of earnings. The costs of repairs and maintenance are expensed when incurred, while expenditures for refurbishments and improvements that significantly add to the productive capacity or extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized. When assets are disposed of, whether through retirement or sale, the net gain or loss is recognized in net earnings. Long-lived assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value less estimated costs to sell. 
 We evaluate property, plant and equipment for impairment when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying values of such assets may not be recoverable. When evaluating for impairment, we first compare the carrying value of the asset to the asset s estimated future undiscounted cash flows. If the estimated undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying 
 59 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Included in these amounts, we recorded million, million, and million of impairment losses within store operating expenses on our consolidated statements of earnings during the fiscal years ended September 29, 2024, October 1, 2023, and October 2, 2022, respectively. Of the total net disposition and impairment charges recorded in fiscal 2022, million was restructuring related and recorded in restructuring and impairment expenses. Unless it is restructuring related, the nature of the underlying asset that is impaired or disposed of will determine the operating expense line on which the related impact is recorded on our consolidated statements of earnings. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

goodwill impairment during fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022. See Note 8 

61 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million in company-operated store revenues, respectively, and million, million, and million in licensed store revenues, respectively. 
 Loyalty Program 
 Customers in the U.S., Canada, and certain other countries who register their stored value card are automatically enrolled in the Starbucks Rewards program, which is primarily a spend-based loyalty program. They earn loyalty points Stars in a variety of ways, including with each purchase at participating Starbucks stores. Starbucks Rewards members can earn Stars by paying with cash, credit or debit cards, or selected mobile wallets at company-operated and certain participating licensed stores in the U.S. and Canada. After accumulating a certain number of Stars, the customer earns a reward that can be redeemed for free product that, regardless of where the related Stars were earned within that country, will be honored at company-operated stores and certain participating licensed store locations in that same country. 
 We defer revenue associated with the estimated selling price of Stars earned by Starbucks Rewards members towards free products as each Star is earned and a corresponding liability is established in deferred revenue. This deferral is based on the estimated value of the product for which the reward is expected to be redeemed, net of estimated unredeemed Stars. Stars generally expire after six to twelve months, depending on the market. 
 When a customer redeems an earned reward, we recognize revenue for the redeemed product and reduce the related deferred revenue. 
 Other Revenues 
 Other revenues primarily include royalty revenues, sales of packaged coffee, tea, and a variety of ready-to-drink beverages and single-serve coffee and tea products to customers outside of our company-operated and licensed stores. Sales of these products are generally recognized upon shipment to customers, depending on contract terms. 
 Other revenues also include product sales to, and licensing revenue from, Nestl related to our Global Coffee Alliance. Product sales to Nestl are generally recognized when the product is shipped, whereas royalty revenues are recognized based on a percentage of reported sales. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

. 
 
 s. 

. 
 
 million, million, and million in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

million and million, respectively, and our net ARO liabilities included in other long-term liabilities were million and million, respectively. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

64 

Table of Contents 

Note 2: 
 million. The transaction resulted in a pre-tax gain of million, which was included in gain from sale of assets on our consolidated statement of earnings for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2023. Results from Seattle s Best Coffee operations prior to the sale are reported in our Channel Development operating segment. 
 Fiscal 2022 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, we sold our Evolution Fresh brand and business to Bolthouse Farms. This transaction did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Note 3: 
 65 

Table of Contents 

66 

Table of Contents 

) Cross-currency swaps ) ) Dairy ) ) Foreign currency - other Interest rates ) ) ) ) Net Investment Hedges: Cross-currency swaps Foreign currency Foreign currency debt 
 ) ) Product and distribution costs Cross-currency swaps ) Interest expense Interest income and other, net Dairy ) ) ) Product and distribution costs Foreign currency - other Licensed stores revenues ) Product and distribution costs Interest income and other, net 
 Interest rates ) ) Interest expense Net Investment Hedges: Cross-currency swaps (1) 
 Interest expense Foreign currency debt ) 
 (1) 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 
 ) Diesel fuel and other commodities Interest income and other, net ) ) Coffee Interest income and other, net ) Foreign currency - other Interest income and other, net ) Fair Value Hedges: Interest rate swap Interest expense ) ) Long-term debt (hedged item) Interest expense ) ) 
 
 Cross-currency swaps Dairy Diesel fuel and other commodities Foreign currency - other Interest rate swaps 
 68 

Table of Contents 

Other long-term assets Dairy Prepaid expenses and other current assets Foreign currency - other Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other long-term assets Interest rate swap 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Non-designated Derivative Instruments: Dairy Prepaid expenses and other current assets Diesel fuel and other commodities Prepaid expenses and other current assets Foreign currency Prepaid expenses and other current assets Derivative Liabilities Balance Sheet Location Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 Designated Derivative Instruments: Cross-currency swaps Accrued liabilities 
 Other long-term liabilities Dairy Accrued liabilities Foreign currency - other Accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities Interest rate swaps 
 Other long-term liabilities Non-designated Derivative Instruments: Diesel fuel and other commodities Accrued liabilities 
 Foreign currency Accrued liabilities Other long-term liabilities 
 (1) We also hold cash and cash equivalents from various settled-to-market exchange traded futures related to coffee and dairy hedging. 
 ) ) 
 (1) 
 . 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Note 4: 
 Short-term investments: Available-for-sale debt securities: 
 Corporate debt securities Foreign corporate bonds Mortgage and other asset-backed securities State and local government obligations U.S. government treasury securities Total available-for-sale debt securities Structured deposits Marketable equity securities Total short-term investments Prepaid expenses and other current assets: Derivative assets Long-term investments: Available-for-sale debt securities: 
 Corporate debt securities Mortgage and other asset-backed securities State and local government obligations U.S. government treasury securities Total Available-for-sale debt securities Structured Deposit Total long-term investments Other long-term assets: Derivative assets Total assets Liabilities: Accrued liabilities: Derivative liabilities Other long-term liabilities: Derivative liabilities Total liabilities 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Short-term investments: Available-for-sale debt securities Corporate debt securities Foreign government obligations U.S. government treasury securities Total available-for-sale debt securities Structured deposits Marketable equity securities Total short-term investments Prepaid expenses and other current assets: Derivative assets Long-term investments: Available-for-sale debt securities Corporate debt securities Mortgage and other asset-backed securities State and local government obligations U.S. government treasury securities Total long-term investments Other long-term assets: Derivative assets Total assets Liabilities: Accrued liabilities: Derivative liabilities Other long-term liabilities: Derivative liabilities Total liabilities 
 There were no material transfers between levels, and there was no significant activity within Level 3 instruments during the periods presented. The fair values of any financial instruments presented above exclude the impact of netting assets and liabilities when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists. 
 Available-for-sale Debt Securities 
 Long-term in vestments generally mature with in years . Proceeds from sales of securities we re million, million, and million for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Realized gains and losses were not material f or fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022. Gross unrealized holding gains and losses were not material as of September 29, 2024, and October 1, 2023. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

million and million as of September 29, 2024, and October 1, 2023, respectively. The changes in net unrealized holding gains and losses in the marketable equity securities portfolio included in earnings for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 were not material. Gross unrealized holding gains and losses on marketable equity securities were not material as of September 29, 2024, and October 1, 2023 . 
 Derivative Assets and Liabilities 
 Derivative assets and liabilities are described further in Note 3 , Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 Assets and liabilities recognized or disclosed at fair value on the consolidated financial statements on a nonrecurring basis include items such as property, plant and equipment, ROU assets, goodwill and other intangible assets, equity and other investments, and other assets. These assets are measured at fair value if determined to be impaired. Impairment of property, plant and equipment and ROU assets is included in Note 1 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates. 
 We recognized impairments during fiscal years ended September 29, 2024, October 1, 2023, and October 2, 2022. See Note 1 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates for additional discussion of these impairments. 
 Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments 
 The estimated fair value of our long-term debt based on the quoted market price (Level 2) is included at Note 9 , Debt. 
 
 Note 5: Roasted Other merchandise held for sale (1) 
 Packaging and other supplies Total 
 million under fixed-price contracts and an estimated million under price-to-be-fixed contracts. A portion of our price-to-be-fixed contracts are effectively fixed through the use of futures. See Note 3 , Derivative Financial Instruments, for further discussion. Price-to-be-fixed contracts are purchase commitments whereby the quality, quantity, delivery period, and other negotiated terms are agreed upon, but the date, and therefore the price, at which the base C coffee commodity price component will be fixed has not yet been established. For most contracts, either Starbucks or the seller has the option to fix the base C coffee commodity price prior to the delivery date. For other contracts, Starbucks and the seller may agree upon pricing parameters determined by the base C coffee commodity price. Until prices are fixed, we estimate the total cost of these purchase commitments. We believe, based on established relationships with our suppliers and continuous monitoring, the risk of non-delivery on these purchase commitments is remote. 
 
 Note 6: Other investments Total 
 ownership interest in Tata Starbucks Limited (India), with a carrying value of million. Tata Starbucks Limited (India) operates licensed Starbucks retail stores. 
 We also license the rights to produce and distribute Starbucks-branded products to our owned joint venture, The North American Coffee Partnership with the Pepsi-Cola Company, which develops and distributes bottled Starbucks beverages, 
 72 

Table of Contents 

million. 
 Our share of income and losses from our equity method investments is included in income from equity investees on our consolidated statements of earnings. Also included in this line item is our proportionate share of gross profit resulting from coffee and other product sales to, and royalty and license fee revenues generated from, equity investees. Revenues generated from these entities were million, million, and million in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Related product and distribution costs were million, million, and million in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. As of September 29, 2024, and October 1, 2023, there were million and million of accounts receivable from equity investees, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets, primarily related to product sales and royalty revenues. 
 We also hold equity interests in other entities to support our corporate and investment strategies, which are not core to our business, including our limited partnership interest in Valor Siren Ventures I L.P. and Valor Siren Ventures II L.P, which are private equity funds investing in technologies, products, and solutions relating to food or retail. The total carrying value of these investments was million as of September 29, 2024. Our share of income and losses from these private equity interests is included in interest income and other, net on our consolidated statements of earnings. The related financial statement activities were not material during the periods presented. 
 Additional disclosure regarding changes in our equity method investments due to acquisition or divestiture is included in Note 2 , Acquisitions, Divestitures and Strategic Alliance. 
 Other Investments 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

Note 7: 
 Buildings Leasehold improvements Store equipment Roasting equipment Capitalized software 
 Furniture, fixtures and other Work in progress Property, plant and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Accrued dividends payable Accrued capital and other operating expenditures Insurance reserves 
 Income taxes payable Accrued business taxes Total accrued liabilities 
 Occupancy costs Other expenses Total store operating expenses 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

Note 8: 
 
 ) ) Acquired trade secrets and processes ) ) Trade names, trademarks, and patents 
 ) ) Licensing agreements ) ) Other finite-lived intangible assets ) ) Total finite-lived intangible assets ) ) 
 Amortization expense for finite-lived intangible assets was million, million, and million during fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total estimated future amortization expense 
 Other (1) 
 ) ) Goodwill balance at October 1, 2023 Other (1) 
 Goodwill balance at September 29, 2024 
 
 (1) Other consists of changes in the goodwill balance resulting from foreign currency translation. 
 During the fiscal year ended September 29, 2024, we completed our annual goodwill impairment analysis. The results of our analysis indicated significant excess fair values over carrying values across the different reporting units, and therefore no goodwill impairment was recorded. 
 
 Note 9: 
 billion unsecured five-year revolving credit facility (the 2021 credit facility ), of which million may be used for issuances of letters of credit, is currently set to mature on . The 2021 credit facility is available for working capital, capital expenditures, and other corporate purposes, including acquisitions and share repurchases. We have the option, subject to negotiation and agreement with the related banks, to increase the maximum commitment amount by an additional billion. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

, (ii) Bank of America s prime rate, and (iii) Term SOFR plus . Term SOFR means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administrated by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange plus a SOFR Adjustment of . 
 The 2021 credit facility contains provisions requiring us to maintain compliance with certain covenants, including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, which measures our ability to cover financing expenses. amounts were outstanding under our 2021 credit facility as of September 29, 2024, or October 1, 2023. 
 Short-term Debt 
 Under our commercial paper program, we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of billion, with individual maturities that may vary but not exceed days from the date of issue. Amounts outstanding under the commercial paper program are required to be backstopped by available commitments under our 2021 credit facility. The proceeds from borrowings under our commercial paper program may be used for working capital needs, capital expenditures, and other corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, business expansion, payment of cash dividends on our common stock, and share repurchases. As of September 29, 2024, and October 1, 2023, we had borrowings outstanding under the program. 
 Additionally, we hold the following Japanese yen-denominated credit facilities that are available for working capital needs and capital expenditures within our Japanese market: 
 A billion, or 34.5 million, credit facility is currently set to mature on . Borrowings under this credit facility are subject to terms defined within the facility and will bear interest at a variable rate based on Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate TIBOR plus an applicable margin of . 
 A billion, or 69.1 million, credit facility is currently set to mature on . Borrowings under this credit facility are subject to terms defined within the facility and will bear interest at a variable rate based on TIBOR plus an applicable margin of . 
 As of September 29, 2024, we had borrowings outstanding under these credit facilities. As of October 1, 2023, we had billion, or million, of borrowings outstanding under these credit facilities. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

February 2024 notes (3) 
 March 2024 notes (4) 
 August 2025 notes February 2026 notes June 2026 notes February 2027 notes 
 March 2027 notes March 2028 notes November 2028 notes August 2029 notes (2) 
 March 2030 notes November 2030 notes February 2031 notes 
 February 2032 notes February 2033 notes February 2034 notes 
 June 2045 notes December 2047 notes November 2048 notes August 2049 notes March 2050 notes November 2050 notes Total Aggregate debt issuance costs and unamortized premium/(discount), net ) ) Hedge accounting fair value adjustment (2) 
 ) ) Total 
 (1) 
 (2) million of our August 2029 notes. Refer to Note 3 
 (3) , resulting in a stated interest rate of at maturity on February 14, 2024. 
 (4) 

77 

Table of Contents 

2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 
 Note 10: 
 Variable lease costs Short-term lease costs Total lease costs 
 (1) Includes immaterial amounts of sublease income and rent concessions. 
 Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining ROU assets 
 
 Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 Oct 2, 2022 Weighted-average remaining operating lease term years years years Weighted-average operating lease discount rate 
 Finance lease assets are recorded in property, plant and equipment, net with the corresponding lease liabilities included in accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. These balances were not material as of September 29, 2024, and October 1, 2023. Finance lease costs were also immaterial for the fiscal years ending September 29, 2024, October 1, 2023, and October 2, 2022. 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total 
 billion, primarily related to real estate leases. These leases will commence between fiscal year 2025 and fiscal year 2028 with lease terms of years to years. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

Note 11: 
 billion was recorded as deferred revenue as we have continuing performance obligations to support the Global Coffee Alliance, including providing Nestl access to certain intellectual properties and products for future resale. The up-front payment is being recognized as other revenue on a straight-line basis over the estimated economic life of the arrangement of years for the ongoing access to the licenses within the contractual territories. Our obligations to maintain the Starbucks brand and other intellectual properties are generally constant throughout the term of the arrangement. Therefore, a ratable recognition pattern is reflective of how we will satisfy our performance obligations. 
 As of September 29, 2024, the current and long-term deferred revenue related to the Nestl up-front payment was million and billion, respectively. As of October 1, 2023, the current and long-term deferred revenue related to the Nestl up-front payment was million and billion, respectively. During each of the fiscal years ended September 29, 2024, October 1, 2023, and October 2, 2022, we recognized million of prepaid royalty revenue related to Nestl . 
 Revenue deferred - card activations, card reloads and Stars earned Revenue recognized - card and Stars redemptions and breakage ) Other (1) 
 Stored value cards and loyalty program at September 29, 2024 (2) 
 Fiscal Year Ended October 1, 2023 
 Total Stored value cards and loyalty program at October 2, 2022 
 Revenue deferred - card activations, card reloads and Stars earned Revenue recognized - card and Stars redemptions and breakage ) Other (1) 
 ) Stored value cards and loyalty program at October 1, 2023 (2) 
 
 (1) Other primarily consists of changes in the stored value cards and loyalty program balances resulting from foreign currency translation. 
 billion of this amount was current. As of October 1, 2023, approximately billion of this amount was current . 
 
 Note 12: 
 billion shares of authorized common stock with par value per share, we have authorized million shares of preferred stock, of which was outstanding at September 29, 2024. 
 During the fiscal year ended October 2, 2022, we repurchased million shares of common stock for billion on the open market. On March 15, 2022, we announced that our Board authorized the repurchase of up to an additional million shares under our ongoing share repurchase program. On April 4, 2022, we announced a temporary suspension of our share repurchase program to allow us to augment investments in our stores and partners. 
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2023, we resumed our share repurchase program. During the fiscal year ended October 1, 2023, we repurchased million shares of common stock for billion on the open market. 
 During the fiscal year ended September 29, 2024, we repurchased million shares of common stock for billion on the open market. 
 As of September 29, 2024, million shares remained available for repurchase under current authorizations. 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, our Board declared a quarterly cash dividend to shareholders of per share to be paid on November 29, 2024, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 15, 2024. 
 Comprehensive Income 
 Comprehensive income includes all changes in equity during the period, except those resulting from transactions with our shareholders. Comprehensive income is comprised of net earnings and other comprehensive income. Accumulated other comprehensive income reported on our consolidated balance sheets consists of foreign currency translation adjustments and 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 
 ) ) ) Net gains/(losses) recognized in OCI before reclassifications Net (gains)/losses reclassified from AOCI to earnings ) ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to Starbucks Other comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to NCI Net gains/(losses) in AOCI, end of period ) ) ) 
 (in millions) Available-for-Sale Securities Cash Flow Hedges Net Investment Hedges Translation Adjustment and Other Total October 1, 2023 Net gains/(losses) in AOCI, beginning of period ) ) ) Net gains/(losses) recognized in OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) Net (gains)/losses reclassified from AOCI to earnings ) ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to Starbucks ) ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to NCI 
 ) ) Net gains/(losses) in AOCI, end of period ) ) ) ) 
 (in millions) Available-for-Sale Securities Cash Flow Hedges Net Investment Hedges Translation Adjustment and Other Total October 2, 2022 Net gains/(losses) in AOCI, beginning of period ) Net gains/(losses) recognized in OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) Net (gains)/losses reclassified from AOCI to earnings ) ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to Starbucks ) ) ) Net gains/(losses) in AOCI, end of period ) ) ) 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 
 ) ) Interest income and other, net Gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges ) Please refer to Note 3 , Derivative Financial Instruments, for additional information. 
 Gains/(losses) on net investment hedges Interest expense Other (1) 
 ) Interest income and other, net Total before tax ) ) ) Tax (expense)/benefit Net of tax 
 (1) Release of cumulative translation adjustments and other activities to earnings upon sale, liquidation, or dissolution of foreign businesses. 
 
 Note 13: 
 million shares of common stock available for issuance pursuant to future equity-based compensation awards and million shares available for issuance under our ESPP. 
 Options ) Total stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings Total related tax benefit Total capitalized stock-based compensation included in net property, plant and equipment on the consolidated balance sheets 
 RSUs 
 We have both time-vested and performance-based RSUs. Time-vested RSUs are awarded to eligible employees and entitle the grantee to receive shares of common stock at the end of a vesting period, subject to the employee s continuing employment. The time-vested RSUs generally vest in either two or four equal annual installments beginning a year from the grant date. Our performance-based RSUs are awarded to eligible employees and entitle the grantee to receive shares of common stock if we achieve specified performance goals during the performance period and the grantee remains employed through the vesting period. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited/canceled ) Nonvested, September 29, 2024 
 As of September 29, 2024, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to nonvested RSUs, net of estimated forfeitures, was approximately million, before income taxes, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. The total fair value of RSUs vested was million, million, and million during fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. For fiscal 2023 and 2022, the weighted average fair value per RSU granted was and , respectively. 
 Stock Options 
 We may provide stock options as a form of employee compensation, which are primarily time-vested. Stock options have not been broadly used as part of our compensation strategy in recent years. The majority of time-vested options become exercisable in four equal installments beginning a year from the grant date and generally expire years from the grant date. Options granted to non-employee directors generally vest immediately or from grant. All outstanding stock options are non-qualified stock options. No stock options were granted during the fiscal years ended September 29, 2024, October 1, 2023, and October 2, 2022. 
 Granted Exercised ) Expired/forfeited Outstanding, September 29, 2024 Exercisable, September 29, 2024 Vested, September 29, 2024 
 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above, which is the amount by which the market value of the underlying stock exceeded the exercise price of outstanding options, is before applicable income taxes and represents the amount optionees would have realized if all in-the-money options had been exercised on the last business day of the period indicated. 
 As of September 29, 2024, all options outstanding were vested and exercisable. options vested during fiscal 2024 and 2023. The total fair value of options vested was million during fiscal 2022. The total intrinsic value of options exercised was million, million, and million during fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 ESPP 
 Our ESPP allows eligible employees to contribute up to of their base earnings toward the quarterly purchase of our common stock, subject to an annual maximum dollar amount. The purchase price is of the fair market value of the stock on the last business day of the quarterly offering period. The number of shares issued under our ESPP was million in fiscal 2024. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 We have a Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors under which non-employee directors may, for any fiscal year, irrevocably elect to defer receipt of shares of common stock the director would have received upon vesting of restricted stock units. The number of deferred shares outstanding related to deferrals made under this plan is not material. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

million , million, and million in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Note 14: 
 Foreign Total earnings before income taxes 
 U.S. state and local Foreign Total current taxes Deferred taxes: U.S. federal U.S. state and local ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred taxes ) ) Total income tax expense 
 State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Foreign rate differential Other, net ) ) ) Effective tax rate 
 As of September 29, 2024, in certain foreign subsidiaries in which we are partially indefinitely reinvested, the gross taxable temporary difference between the accounting basis and tax basis was approximately billion for which there could be up to approximately million of unrecognized tax liability. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

Stored value card liability and deferred revenue Intangible assets and goodwill Other Total Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Operating lease, right-of-use assets ) ) Property, plant and equipment ) ) Other ) ) Total ) ) Net deferred tax asset (liability) Reported as: Deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities (included in Other long-term liabilities) ) ) Net deferred tax asset (liability) 
 The valuation allowances as of September 29, 2024, and October 1, 2023, were primarily related to net operating losses and other deferred tax assets of consolidated foreign subsidiaries. 
 As of September 29, 2024, we had federal net operating loss carryforwards of million, which have an indefinite carryforward period, federal tax credit carryforwards of million, which will begin to expire in fiscal 2030, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of million, of which million have an indefinite carryforward period and the remainder will begin to expire in fiscal 2025. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 As of September 29, 2024, we had million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which million, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. We recognized expense of million, million, and million of interest and penalties in income tax expense, prior to the benefit of the federal tax deduction, for fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. As of September 29, 2024, and October 1, 2023, we had accrued interest and penalties of million and million, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Increase related to prior year tax positions Decrease related to prior year tax positions ) ) ) Increase related to current year tax positions Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities ) Decrease related to lapsing of statute of limitations ) Ending balance 
 We are currently under examination, or may be subject to examination, by various U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign tax jurisdictions for fiscal 2018 through 2023. We are no longer subject to U.S. federal, U.S. state and local, or material foreign market examinations for years prior to fiscal 2018. 
 It is reasonably possible that up to approximately million of the Company s gross unrecognized tax benefits may be recognized by the end of fiscal 2025 for reasons such as a lapse of the statute of limitations or resolution of examinations with tax authorities. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

Note 15: 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding (for basic calculation) Dilutive effect of outstanding common stock options and RSUs Weighted average common and common equivalent shares outstanding (for diluted calculation) EPS basic EPS diluted 
 Potential dilutive shares consist of the incremental common shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options (both vested and non-vested) and unvested RSUs, calculated using the treasury stock method. The calculation of dilutive shares outstanding excludes anti-dilutive stock options or unvested RSUs, which were immaterial in the periods presented. 
 
 Note 16: 
 
 Note 17: 
 
 We have three reportable operating segments: 1) North America, which is inclusive of the U.S. and Canada; 2) International, which is inclusive of China, Japan, Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America, and the Caribbean; and 3) Channel Development. 
 Our North America segment is our most mature business and has achieved significant scale. 
 
 Food (2) 
 Other (3) 
 Total 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 85 

Table of Contents 

China Other countries Total Sep 29, 2024 Oct 1, 2023 Long-lived assets: United States China Other countries Total 
 (1) Includes Channel Development segment and other net revenues. 
 . Revenues are shown based on the geographic location of our customers. Revenues from countries other than the U.S. and China consist primarily of revenues from Japan, Canada, and the U.K., which together account for approximately of net revenues from other countries for fiscal 2024. 
 Management evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on net revenues and operating income. The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as those described in Note 1 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates. 
 Operating income represents earnings before other income and expenses and income taxes. The identifiable assets by segment disclosed in this note are those assets specifically identifiable within each segment and include cash and cash equivalents, ROU assets, net property, plant and equipment, equity method and other equity investments, goodwill, and other intangible assets. Assets not attributed to reportable operating segments are corporate assets and are primarily comprised of cash and cash equivalents available for general corporate purposes, investments, assets of the corporate headquarters and roasting facilities, inventory, and deferred tax assets. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

Depreciation and amortization expenses Income from equity investees Operating income/(loss) ) Fiscal 2023 Total net revenues Depreciation and amortization expenses Income from equity investees Operating income/(loss) ) Fiscal 2022 Total net revenues Depreciation and amortization expenses Income from equity investees Operating income/(loss) ) in millions 
 North America International Channel 
 Development 
 Corporate and Other 
 Total 
 Total assets at September 29, 2024 
 31,339.3 Total assets at October 1, 2023 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

Note 18: 
 licensed stores to company-operated stores within our International operating segment. 

88 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Starbucks Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Starbucks Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of September 29, 2024, and October 1, 2023, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period en ded September 29, 2024 , and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 29, 2024, and October 1, 2023 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 29, 2024 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 29, 2024 , based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated November 20, 2024, expresse d an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit and Compliance Committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessments for China Reporting Unit Refer to Note 8 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company s goodwill for its China reporting unit within the international segment is tested annually for impairment during the third quarter of each year, and more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. The Company s evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value. The estimated fair value of a reporting unit is determined using both income and market approaches, combined with an equal weighting. 
 The income approach is based on discounted future cash flows and requires significant assumptions, including estimates regarding future revenue and cash flow projections, and discount rates. The market approach is based on comparable company multiples (revenue and EBITDA, which stands for earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation, and amortization) and requires an estimate of multiples derived from comparable publicly traded companies to the reporting unit. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could have a significant impact on either the fair value, the amount of any goodwill impairment charge, if any, or both. 
 The goodwill balance was 3,315.7 million as of September 29, 2024, of which 2,788.5 million was allocated to the international segment, inclusive of the China reporting unit. The fair value of the China reporting unit was greater than its carrying value as of the measurement date, and as a result, management did not record an impairment charge related to the reporting unit goodwill. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

We identified the goodwill impairment assessment of the China reporting unit as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions management made to determine the fair value. The audit of these estimates and assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to revenue and cash flow projections, and the selection of significant valuation assumptions such as comparable company revenue and EBITDA multiples and discount rates. The audit also required an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 
 How the Critical Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to revenue and cash flow projections and the selection of significant valuation assumptions, such as comparable company revenue and EBITDA multiples and discount rates, for the China reporting unit included the following: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s goodwill impairment evaluation, including the determination of the fair value of the China reporting unit, such as controls related to management s forecasts and the selection of the discount rate and market multiples used. 
 We inquired of senior executives of the Company to corroborate strategic plans for growth. 
 We evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast by comparing actual results to management s historical forecasts. 
 We performed a sensitivity analysis of the revenue growth rate, EBITDA margin, and discount rates, which included their impact on cash flows. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasts by comparing the forecasts to (1) historical results, (2) internal communications amongst management and the Board of Directors, (3) inquiry with personnel outside of finance and accounting, and (4) forecasted information included in analyst and industry reports relevant to the China reporting unit. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated (1) the valuation methodologies used, (2) the comparable company multiples selected by management, and (3) the discount rate used in determining the present value of the expected cash flows. 
 We considered the impact of trends in the industry and current macroeconomic factors on management s forecasts. 

/s/ 
 
 November 20, 2024 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1987. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Our disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, as of the end of the period covered by this report (September 29, 2024). 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect internal control over financial reporting. 
 The certifications required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 are filed as exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 , respectively, to this 10-K. 
 Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. This evaluation included review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls, testing of the operating effectiveness of controls, and a conclusion on this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 29, 2024. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting as of September 29, 2024, has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included herein. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Starbucks Corporation 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Starbucks Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company as of September 29, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 29, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended September 29, 2024, of the Company and our report dated November 20, 2024, expre ssed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ 
 
 November 20, 2024 
 92 

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 Insider Adoption or Termination of Trading Arrangements: 
 During the fiscal quarter ended September 29, 2024, none of our directors or officers informed us of the or of a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as those terms are defined in Regulation S-K, Item 408, except as described in the table below: 
 Name Title 
 Date Adopted 
 Character of Trading Arrangement (1) 
 Aggregate Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Purchased or Sold Pursuant to Trading Arrangement 
 Duration (5) 
 Other Material Terms 
 Date Terminated 
 Sara Kelly, 
 executive vice president, chief partner officer 
 August 28, 2024 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement Up to 4,859 shares to be sold (2) 
 
 Plus 
 
 Up to 6,743 shares to be sold (3) 
 
 Plus 
 
 Up to 7,500 shares to be sold (4) 
 August 27, 2025 (6) 
 N/A N/A 
 (1) Except as indicated by footnote, each trading arrangement marked as a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c), as amended (the Rule ). 
 (2) Ms. Kelly s trading plan provides for the sale of up to 4,859 shares, which will be issued to Ms. Kelly upon the exercise of a stock option on November 29, 2024, and sold pursuant to an order entered on November 29, 2024, with such sale subject to a limit price of 95 during the applicable good-until-cancelled period for such order, which lasts until August 26, 2025. In the event not all shares are sold under the order described in the prior sentence during the applicable good-until-cancelled period, Ms. Kelly s trading plan provides for the sale of any remaining shares (up to 4,859 shares), pursuant to an order entered on August 27, 2025, with such sale subject to a limit price of 61. 
 (3) Ms. Kelly s trading plan provides for the sale of up to 6,743 shares, which will be issued to Ms. Kelly upon the exercise of a stock option on November 29, 2024, and sold pursuant to an order entered on November 29, 2024, with such sale subject to a limit price of 95 during the applicable good-until-cancelled period for such order, which lasts until August 27, 2025. 
 (4) Ms. Kelly s trading plan provides for the sale of up to 7,500 shares in three tranches at different limit prices, pursuant to an order entered on November 29, 2024. Such sales are subject to limit prices of (i) 95 for 2,500 shares, (ii) 97.50 for 2,500 shares, and (iii) 100 for 2,500 shares, during the applicable good-until-cancelled period for such order, which lasts until August 27, 2025. 
 (5) Except as indicated by footnote, each trading arrangement permitted or permits transactions through and including the earlier to occur of (a) the completion of all purchases or sales or the expiration of all of the orders relating to such trades, or (b) the date listed in the table. The trading arrangement marked as a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement only permits transactions upon expiration of the applicable mandatory cooling-off period under the Rule. 
 (6) The arrangement also provides for automatic expiration in the event of the officer s death, bankruptcy, or insolvency, notice from the officer or the officer s agent of termination of the trading arrangement, or a determination by the broker that the trading arrangement has been terminated or that a breach by the officer has occurred or upon the broker s exercise of its termination rights under the trading arrangement. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 93 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 Information regarding our executive officers is set forth in Item 1 of Part I of this Report under the caption Information about our Executive Officers. 
 We adopted a code of ethics that applies to our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, controller, and other finance leaders, which is a code of ethics as defined by applicable rules of the SEC. This code is publicly available on our website at www.starbucks.com/about-us/corporate-governance. If we make any amendments to this code other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waivers, including implicit waivers, from a provision of this code to our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, or controller, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date, and to whom it applies on our website at www.starbucks.com/about-us/corporate-governance or in a report on Form 8-K filed electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
 The remaining information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled Proposal 1 - Election of Directors, Stock Ownership - Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock, Corporate Governance, and Corporate Governance - Audit and Compliance Committee in our definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on March 12, 2025 (the Proxy Statement ). 
 We will provide disclosure of delinquent Section 16(a) reports, if any, in our Proxy Statement in a section entitled Stock Ownership - Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, and such disclosure, if any, is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled Executive Compensation, Executive Compensation - Executive Compensation Tables, Corporate Governance - Compensation of Directors, and Corporate Governance - Role of Our Board Committees - Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled Stock Ownership - Equity Compensation Plan Information and Stock Ownership - Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the section entitled Affirmative Determinations - Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions and Corporate Governance - Director Independence in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled Proposal 3 - Ratification of Selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Proposal 3 - Ratification of Selection of Deloitte Touche LLP as our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this 10-K: 
 
 1. Financial Statements 
 The following financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this 10-K: 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the fiscal years ended September 29, 2024, October 1, 2023, and October 2, 2022; 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended September 29, 2024, October 1, 2023, and October 2, 2022; 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 29, 2024, and October 1, 2023; 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended September 29, 2024, October 1, 2023, and October 2, 2022; 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the fiscal years ended September 29, 2024, October 1, 2023, and October 2, 2022; 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements; and 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is provided in the consolidated financial statements or notes described in Item 15(a)(1) above. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

3. Exhibits 

Incorporated by Reference 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit 
 Number 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 2.1 
 Transaction Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2018, by and between Starbucks Corporation and Nestl S.A. 
 8-K 000-20322 
 5/7/2018 2.1 3.1 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of Starbucks Corporation 
 10-Q 000-20322 
 4/28/2015 3.1 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Starbucks Corporation (As amended and restated through March 17, 2021) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 3/19/2021 3.1 4.1 
 Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2016, by and between Starbucks Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association) 
 S-3ASR 333-213645 
 
 9/15/2016 
 
 4.1 4 .2 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 22, 2017, by and between Starbucks Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 3.750 Senior Notes due 2047) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 11/22/2017 4.2 4.3 
 Form of 3.750 Senior Notes due December 1, 2047 (included as B to Exhibit 4.2) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 11/22/2017 4.4 4 .4 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 28, 2018, by and between Starbucks Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 3.500 Senior Notes due 2028) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 2/28/2018 4.2 4.5 
 Form of 3.500 Senior Notes due March 1, 2028 (included as Exhibit B to Exhibit 4.4) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 2/28/2018 4.4 4.6 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 10, 2018, by and between Starbucks Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (3.800 Senior Notes due 2025, 4.000 Senior Notes due 2028 and 4.500 Senior Notes due 2048) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 8/10/2018 4.2 4.7 
 Form of 3.800 Senior Notes due August 15, 2025 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.6) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 8/10/2018 4.3 4.8 
 Form of 4.000 Senior Notes due November 15, 2028 (included as Exhibit B to Exhibit 4.6) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 8/10/2018 4.4 4.9 
 Form of 4.500 Senior Notes due November 15, 2048 (included as Exhibit C to Exhibit 4.6) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 8/10/2018 4.2 4.10 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2019, by and between Starbucks Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (3.550 Senior Notes due 2029 and 4.450 Senior Notes due 2049) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 5/13/2019 4.2 4.11 
 Form of 3.550 Senior Notes due August 15, 2029 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.10) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 5/13/2019 4.3 
 96 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit 
 Number 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 4.12 
 Form of 4.450 Senior Notes due August 15, 2049 (included as Exhibit B t o Exhibit 4. 10 
 8-K 000-20322 
 5/13/2019 4.4 4.13 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2020, by and between Starbucks Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (2.000 Senior Notes due 2027, 2.250 Senior Notes due 2030 and 3.350 Senior Notes due 2050) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 3/12/2020 4.2 4.14 
 Form of 2.000 Senior Notes due March 12, 2027 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4. 13 
 8-K 000-20322 
 3/12/2020 4.3 4.15 
 Form of 2.250 Senior Notes due March 12, 2030 (included as Exhibit B to Exhibit 4. 13 
 8-K 000-20322 
 3/12/2020 4.4 4.16 
 Form of 3.350 Senior Notes due March 12, 2050 (included as Exhibit C to Exhibit 4. 13 
 8-K 000-20322 
 3/12/2020 4.5 4.17 
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 7, 2020, by and between Starbucks Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 2.550 Senior Notes due 2030 and 3.500 Senior Notes due 2050) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 5/7/2020 4.2 4.18 
 Form of 2.550 Senior Notes due November 15, 2030 (included as Exhibit B to Exhibit 4. 17 
 8-K 000-20322 
 5/7/2020 4.4 4.19 
 Form of 3.500 Senior Notes due November 15, 2050 (included as Ex hibit C to Exhibit 4. 17 
 8-K 000-20322 
 5/7/2020 4.5 4.2 0 
 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 14, 2022, by and between Starbucks Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association 3.000 Senior Notes due 2032) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 2/14/2022 4.2 4.21 
 Form of 3.000 Senior Notes due February 14, 2032 (included as Exhibit B to Exhibit 4.20) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 2/14/2022 4.4 4.22 
 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 16, 2023, by and between Starbucks Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association (4.750 Senior Notes due 2026 and 4.800 Senior Notes due 2033) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 2/16/2023 4.2 
 97 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit 
 Number 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 4.23 
 Form of 4.750 Senior Notes due February 15, 2026 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.22) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 2/16/2023 4.3 4.24 
 Form of 4.800 Senior Notes due February 15, 2033 (included as Exhibit B to Exhibit 4.22) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 2/16/2023 4.4 4.25 
 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 8, 2024, by and between Starbucks Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association (4.850 Senior Notes due 2027, 4.900 Senior Notes due 2031 and 5.000 Senior Notes due 2034) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 2/8/2024 4.2 4.26 
 Form of 4.850 Senior Notes due February 8, 2027 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.25) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 2/8/2024 4.3 4.27 
 Form of 4.900 Senior Notes due February 15, 2031 (included as Exhibit B to Exhibit 4.25) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 2/8/2024 4.4 4.28 
 Form of 5.000 Senior Notes due February 15, 2034 (included as Exhibit C to Exhibit 4.25) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 2/8/2024 4.5 4.29 
 Indenture, dated as of August 23, 2007, by and between Starbucks Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee 
 S-3ASR 333-190955 9/3/2013 4.1 4.30 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 10, 2015, by and between Starbucks Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee 4.300 Senior Notes due June 2045) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 6/10/2015 4.2 4.31 
 Form of 4.300 Senior Notes due June 15, 2045 (included as Exhibit B to Exhibit 4.30) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 6/10/2015 4.4 4 .32 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 16, 2016, by and between Starbucks Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (2.450 Senior Notes due June 2026) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 5/16/2016 4.4 4.33 
 Form of 2.450 Senior Notes due June 15, 2026 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.32) 
 8-K 000-20322 
 5/16/2016 4.5 4. 34 
 Description of Securities 
 10-K 000-20322 
 11/15/2019 4.29 
 98 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit 
 Number 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 10.1 
 Starbucks Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan 1995 as amended and restated on April 9, 2015 to reflect adjustments for the 2-for-1 forward stock split effective on such date 
 10-Q 000-20322 
 8/1/2017 10.1 10.2 
 Starbucks Corporation Executive Management Bonus Plan, as amended and restated on January 12, 2022 
 8-K 000-20322 
 1/14/2022 10.1 10.3 
 Starbucks Corporation Management Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2011 
 10-Q 000-20322 
 2/4/2011 10.2 10.4 
 Fifth Amendment to Starbucks Corporation Management Deferred Compensation Plan 
 10-Q 000-20322 
 7/28/2020 10.1 10.5 
 Starbucks Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended and restated effective September 11, 2018 
 10-K 000-20322 
 11/16/2018 10.5 10.6 
 Starbucks Corporation 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective March 16, 2022 
 10-Q 000-20322 
 5/3/2022 10.1 10.7 
 2005 Key Employee Sub-Plan to the Starbucks Corporation 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective November 15, 2005 
 10-Q 
 
 000-20322 
 2/10/2006 10.2 10.8 
 2005 Non-Employee Director Sub-Plan to the Starbucks Corporation 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective September 11, 2018 
 10-K 000-20322 
 11/16/2018 10.9 10.9 
 Form of Global Stock Option Grant Agreement for Purchase of Stock under the Key Employee Sub-Plan to the 2005 Long Term Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-K 000-20322 
 11/18/2016 10.14 10.10 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement for Purchase of Stock under the 2005 Non-Employee Director Sub-Plan to the Starbucks Corporation 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 000-20322 
 4/26/2016 10.2 10.11 
 Credit Agreement, dated September 16, 2021, among Starbucks Corporation, Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Citibank, N.A. and U.S. Bank National Association, as L/C Issuers, and the other Lenders from time to time a party thereto 
 8-K 000-20322 
 9/17/2021 10.1 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit 
 Number 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 10.12 
 Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement between Starbucks Corporation, as Issuer, and the Dealer 
 8-K 000-20322 
 7/29/2016 10.1 10.13 
 Form of Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement - No Retirement Vesting (Effective November 2020) 
 10-K 000-20322 
 11/12/2020 10.23 10.1 4 
 Form of Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement - Retirement Vesting (Effective November 2020) 
 10-K 000-20322 
 11/12/2020 10.24 10.1 5 
 Form of Global Key Employee Stock Option Grant Agreement for Purchase of Stock under the 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan 
 10-K 000-20322 
 11/17/2017 10.25 10.1 6 
 Form of Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (Performance-Based - Retirement Vesting) (Effective November 2020) 
 10-K 000-20322 
 11/12/2020 10.29 10.1 7 
 Offer Letter dated September 1, 2022 between Starbucks Corporation and Laxman Narasimhan 
 8-K 000-20322 
 9/1/2022 10.1 10. 18 
 Starbucks Corporation Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (Promotion - Time-Based -No Retirement Vesting) (Effective August 2022) 
 10-K 000-20322 
 11/18/2022 10.23 10. 19 
 Starbucks Corporation Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (New Hire - Time-Based - No Retirement Vesting) (Effective August 2022) 
 10-K 000-20322 
 11/18/2022 10.24 10. 20 
 Starbucks Corporation Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (Annual - Time-Based - Retirement Vesting) (Effective August 2022) 
 10-K 000-20322 
 11/18/2022 10.25 10.2 1 
 Starbucks Corporation Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (Annual - Performance Based - Retirement Vesting) (Effective August 2022) 
 10-K 000-20322 
 11/18/2022 10.26 10.2 2 
 Starbucks Corporation Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (Executive Advisor - Time-Based) (Effective August 2022) 
 10-K 000-20322 
 11/18/2022 10.27 10.25 
 Retirement Agreement, dated June 1, 2018, by and between Starbucks Corporation and Howard Schultz 
 8-K 000-20322 
 6/5/2018 10.1 10.26 
 Amendment Agreement, dated September 12, 2023, by and between Starbucks Corporation and Howard Schultz 
 10-K 
 000-20322 
 11/17/2023 
 10.26 
 
 10.27 
 Starbucks Corporation Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan effective August 31, 2022 and amended on March 22, 2023 
 8-K 000-20322 
 3/28/2023 10.1 
 100 

Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Date of Filing Exhibit 
 Number 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 10.28 
 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated April 17, 2023, among Starbucks Corporation and Bank of America, N.A. in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders and each of the Lenders party thereto 
 8-K 000-20322 
 4/21/2023 10.1 10.29 
 Starbucks Corporation Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (Performance-Based) (Effective November 2023) 
 10-K 
 000-20322 
 11/17/2023 
 10.29 
 
 10.30 
 Starbucks Corporation Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (Time-Based) (Effective November 2023) 
 10-K 
 000-20322 
 11/17/2023 
 10.30 
 
 10.31 
 Starbucks Corporation Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (Promotion and New Hire) (Effective November 2023) 
 10-K 
 000-20322 
 11/17/2023 
 10.31 
 
 1 0.32 
 Offer Letter, dated August 11, 2024, by and between Starbucks Corporation and Brian R. Niccol 
 8-K 
 000-20322 
 8/14/2024 
 10.1 
 1 0.33 
 S tarbucks Corporation Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (Performance-Based) (Effective November 2024) 
 X 
 1 0.34 
 S tarbucks Corporation Global Key Employee Restricte d Stock Unit Grant Agreement (Time- Based (Effective November 2024) 
 X 1 0.35 
 Starbucks Corporation Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (Promotion) (Effective November 2024) 
 X 
 19.1 
 Starbucks Corporation I nsider Trading Policy 
 X 
 21 
 Subsidiaries of Starbucks Corporation 
 X 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 X 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 97 
 Starbucks Corporation Recovery of Incentive Compensation Policy 
 10-K 
 000-20322 
 11/17/2023 
 97 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

101 The following financial statements from the Company s 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2024, formatted in iXBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Earnings, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Consolidated Statements of Equity, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Furnished herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 102 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. STARBUCKS CORPORATION By: /s/ Brian R. Niccol 
 Brian R. Niccol 
 chairman and chief executive officer 
 
 November 20, 2024 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated as of November 20, 2024. 
 Signature Title By: /s/ Brian R. Niccol 
 chairman and chief executive officer 
 (principal executive officer) 
 Brian R. Niccol 
 By: /s/ Rachel Ruggeri executive vice president, chief financial officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) Rachel Ruggeri By: /s/ Richard E. Allison, Jr. director Richard E. Allison, Jr. By: /s/ Andrew Campion director Andrew Campion By: /s/ Beth Ford director Beth Ford By: /s/ Mellody Hobson director Mellody Hobson By: /s/ J rgen Vig Knudstorp director J rgen Vig Knudstorp By: /s/ Neal Mohan 
 director Neal Mohan 
 By: /s/ Daniel Servitje 
 director Daniel Servitje 
 By: /s/ Mike Sievert 
 director Mike Sievert 
 By: /s/ Wei Zhang director Wei Zhang 

104 

<EX-10.33>
 2
 sbux-9292024xexhibit1033.htm
 EX-10.33

Document 

Exhibit 10.33 
 STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 GLOBAL KEY EMPLOYEE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT AGREEMENT 
 2005 LONG-TERM EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 (PERFORMANCE-BASED) 
 
 STARBUCKS CORPORATION (the Company does hereby grant to the individual named below (the Participant an award (the Award of performance restricted stock units (the Performance RSUs in a target amount as set forth below Target RSUs ), effective on the Date of Grant set forth below. The Performance RSUs granted under this Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement, including any additional terms and conditions applicable to the Participant s country contained in Appendix A attached hereto (together with the Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement, this Agreement shall, subject to the attainment of certain performance goals set forth below (the Performance Goals ), relating to the Performance Criteria specified in the 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan, vest and become payable in shares of Common Stock (the Shares ), subject to earlier expiration or termination of the Performance RSUs as provided in this Agreement. The Performance RSUs and the terms of this Agreement, including the Appendices, shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement but defined in the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Plan. 
 
 Partner Name Target Restricted Stock Units Date of Grant Performance Period 
 
 1. Vesting Schedule . The number of Performance RSUs granted under the Award that actually vest and that will be settled shall be determined pursuant to a two-step process (i) first the maximum number of Performance RSUs that are eligible to vest shall be determined as provided under Section 1.1 hereof on the basis of the level at which the Performance Goals specified on attached Schedule I are actually attained and (ii) then the maximum number of Performance RSUs calculated under clause (i) that will actually vest shall be determined on the basis of the Participant s completion of the requirements set forth in Section 1.2 hereof. 
 1.1 Performance Goal Requirements . The attached Schedule I specifies the Performance Goals required to be attained during the Performance Period in order for the Performance RSUs to become eligible to vest. As soon as reasonably practicable following the end of the Performance Period, the Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee shall determine in its sole discretion the attainment level of the Performance Goals. On the basis of the determined level of attainment of the Performance Goals, the Target RSUs will be multiplied by the applicable percentage determined in accordance with the performance matrix set forth in Schedule I. The number of Performance RSUs resulting from such determination shall constitute the maximum number of Performance RSUs in which the Participant may vest under this Award, provided that the Committee shall have the discretion to reduce or eliminate the number of Performance RSUs that would otherwise be payable hereunder pursuant to this Section 1.1 (the Earned Performance RSUs ). 
 1.2 Active Status Vesting . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Award, a number of Earned Performance RSUs will vest as detailed in the attached Schedule I of this Agreement, subject to the Participant s continued Active Status through the date the Performance RSUs are paid pursuant to Section 3. 
 2. Dividend Equivalents . On each date that a cash dividend is paid to holders of Shares during the Performance Period, an amount (the Dividend Equivalent Amount equal to the cash dividend that is paid on 

each Share, multiplied by the number of Shares subject to the Target RSUs and any Dividend Equivalent RSUs (as defined below) that remain unvested and outstanding as of the dividend payment date, shall be credited for the benefit of the Participant, and such credited amount shall be converted into an additional number of Performance RSUs Dividend Equivalent RSUs determined by dividing the Dividend Equivalent Amount by the Fair Market Value of a Share on the dividend payment date, rounded up or down to the nearest whole number. At the end of the Performance Period, the number of Dividend Equivalent RSUs will be adjusted to reflect the number of Dividend Equivalent RSUs that would have been credited to the Participant as of the Date of Grant if such calculations had been based on the number of Earned Performance RSUs (such adjusted number, the Earned Dividend Equivalent RSUs ). During the period beginning immediately following the last day of the Performance Period and ending on the date the Performance RSUs granted hereunder are paid pursuant to Section 3 below, Dividend Equivalent RSUs will accrue on any Earned Performance RSUs and any Earned Dividend Equivalent RSUs. Dividend Equivalent RSUs will be subject to the same conditions as the underlying Performance RSUs with respect to which Dividend Equivalent RSUs were paid, including, without limitation, the vesting conditions and the provisions governing time and form of settlement applicable to the underlying Performance RSUs. Unless expressly provided otherwise, as used elsewhere in this Agreement, Performance RSUs shall include any Dividend Equivalent RSUs that have been credited to the Participant s account. 
 3. Form and Timing of Payment of Vested Performance RSUs . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan, any Performance RSUs that vest will be paid to the Participant solely in Shares (and not in cash, as the Plan permits), on, or within sixty (60) days after, (i) the last day of the Performance Period, including upon a vesting resulting from the Participant s termination due the Participant s Retirement pursuant to Section 4.3 below or from the Participant s termination prior to the last day of the Performance Period resulting from the Participant s termination due to death or Disability pursuant to Section 4.4 below or (ii) a vesting event contemplated in Section 4.2 below or vesting event resulting from the Participant s termination following the last day of the Performance Period resulting from the Participant s termination due to death or Disability pursuant to Section 4.4 below. 
 4. Termination of Employment Change of Control . 
 4.1 Termination of Employment . Except as provided in Sections 4.2, 4.3 or 4.4 below, any unvested Performance RSUs subject to this Agreement shall immediately terminate and be automatically and completely forfeited by the Participant to the Company upon the termination of the Participant s Active Status for any reason, including without limitation, voluntary termination by the Participant, or termination by the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company because of Misconduct. 
 For purposes of the Performance RSUs, the Participant s Active Status will be considered terminated as of the date the Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where that Participant is employed or providing services or the terms of the Participant s employment or service contract, if any) and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., the Participant s Active Status would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or providing services or the terms of the Participant s employment or service contract, if any). Actively providing services during only a portion of the vesting period prior to a Vesting Date shall not entitle the Participant to vest in a pro-rata portion of the unvested Earned Performance RSUs (if any) that would have vested as of such Vesting Date, nor will it entitle the Participant to any compensation for the lost vesting. The Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Participant s Active Status for purposes of the Award is terminated (including whether the Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 
 4.2 Change of Control . Upon a Change of Control, the vesting of the Performance RSUs shall accelerate, and the Performance RSUs shall become fully vested and payable to the extent and under the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan provided that, for purposes of this Section 4.2, Resignation (or Resign) for Good Reason shall have the following meaning 

Resignation (or Resign) for Good Reason shall mean any voluntary termination by written resignation of the Active Status of a Participant after a Change of Control because of (1) a material reduction in the Partner s authority, responsibilities or scope of employment (2) an assignment of duties to the Partner materially inconsistent with the Partner s role at the Company (including its Subsidiaries and affiliates) prior to the Change of Control, (3) a material reduction in the Partner s base salary or total incentive compensation (4) a material reduction in the Partner s benefits unless such reduction applies to all Partners of comparable rank or (5) the relocation of the Partner s primary work location more than 50 miles from the Partner s primary work location prior to the Change of Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant shall not be deemed to have Resigned for Good Reason unless the Participant, within one year after a Change of Control, (i) notifies the Company of the existence of the condition giving rise to a Resignation for Good Reason within 90 days of the initial existence of such condition, (ii) gives the Company at least 30 days following the date on which the Company receives such notice (and prior to termination) in which to remedy the condition, and (iii) if the Company does not remedy such condition within such 30-day period, actually terminates employment within 60 days after the expiration of such 30-day period (and before the Company remedies such condition). If the Company remedies such condition within such 30-day period (or at any time prior to the Participant s actual termination), then any Resignation for Good Reason by the Participant on account of such condition will not be a Resignation for Good Reason. 
 4.3 Retirement. If the Participant s Active Status terminates due to Retirement on a day following the date that is six (6) months after the Date of Grant, the Participant will continue to be eligible to vest in a number of Performance RSUs equal to the Earned Performance RSUs. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if the Company receives an opinion of counsel that there has been a legal judgment and or legal development in the Participant s country that likely would result in any favorable treatment of the Performance RSUs at Retirement under this Agreement being deemed unlawful or discriminatory, the Company may, in its sole discretion, determine not to apply such favorable treatment and treat the Performance RSUs as set forth in the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 
 4.4 Disability or Death . If the Participant s Active Status terminates due to Disability or death on or prior to the last day of the Performance Period, a number of Performance RSUs equal to the Target RSUs will vest in full as of the date of termination of Active Status due to Disability or death. If the Participant s Active Status terminates due to Disability or death following the last day of the Performance Period, a number of Performance RSUs equal to the Earned Performance RSUs will vest in full as of the date of termination of Active Status due to Disability or death. 
 5. Misconduct . As a condition to receiving and becoming eligible to vest in the Performance RSUs, the Participant hereby agrees not to engage in Misconduct. 
 6. Clawback . 
 6 .1. Misconduct . If the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the Participant has engaged in Misconduct, the Participant agrees and covenants that (a) any unvested portion of the Performance RSUs shall be immediately forfeited as of the date the Company determines that the Participant has engaged in Misconduct (the Determination Date (b) if any part of the Performance RSUs vested and were settled prior to the Determination Date, upon the Company s demand, the Participant shall immediately deliver to the Company (i) the Shares that the Participant acquired upon settlement of such Performance RSUs, and (ii) to the extent any such Shares were previously sold by the Participant, a cash amount equal to the Fair Market Value as of the Determination Date of the Shares contemplated to be returned to the Company under this clause and (c) the foregoing remedies set forth in this Section 6 shall not be the Company s exclusive remedies, which this award shall include, among other remedies, injunctive relief and damages that may be available to the Company. The Company reserves all other rights and remedies available to it at law or in equity. 
 6.2 Clawback Policy . The Participant agrees that this Award and any Shares or any other benefits or proceeds therefrom that the Participant may receive hereunder shall be subject to forfeiture and or repayment to 

the Company pursuant to (i) the Company s Recovery of Incentive Compensation Policy (ii) any other recovery, recoupment, clawback or similar policy adopted by the Company after the Date of Grant, to the extent required to comply with any requirements imposed under applicable laws and or the rules and regulations of the securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Shares are listed or quoted, in each case, as may be amended from time to time (with the provisions contained in such policy deemed incorporated into this Agreement without the Participant s additional or separate consent). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and subject to applicable law, (i) compliance with applicable law, the Company s Standards of Business Conduct, and the Company s corporate policies, as applicable, shall be a pre-condition to earning, or vesting in respect of, this Award and (ii) to the extent this Award is subject to the Company s Recovery of Incentive Compensation Policy, this Award will not be earned or vested, even if already granted, paid or settled, until the Company s Recovery of Incentive Compensation Policy ceases to apply to such Award and any other vesting conditions applicable to such Award are satisfied. 
 
 6.3 Recoupment Authorization . For purposes of the foregoing, the Participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on the Participant s behalf, to any brokerage firm and or third party administrator engaged by the Company to hold any Shares and other amounts acquired pursuant to these Performance RSUs to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such Shares and or other amounts to the Company upon the Company s enforcement of Sections 6.1 or 6.2 hereof. 
 
 7. Code Section 409A . The provisions in this Section 7 shall apply if the Participant is subject to taxation in the United States. 
 7.1 To the extent the Performance RSUs constitute nonqualified deferred compensation that is subject to Code Section 409A NQ Deferred Compensation ), any Performance RSUs that are payable upon or with reference to the date that the Participant s Active Service terminates (i) shall not be paid unless the Participant experiences a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and (ii) if the Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of Code Section 409A on the date of the Participant s separation from service, then the Performance RSUs shall be paid on the first business day of the seventh month following the Participant s separation from service, or, if earlier, on the date of the Participant s death, to the extent such delayed payment is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Code Section 409A. 
 7.2 This Award and payments made pursuant to this Agreement and the Plan are intended to qualify for an exemption from or comply with Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement and the Plan, the Company, to the extent it deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, reserves the right, but shall not be required, to unilaterally amend or modify this Agreement and or the Plan so that the Performance RSUs granted to the Participant qualify for exemption from or comply with Code Section 409A provided, however, that the Company makes no representations that the Performance RSUs shall be exempt from or comply with Code Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Code Section 409A from applying to the Performance RSUs. Nothing in this Agreement or the Plan shall provide a basis for any person to take action against the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company based on matters covered by Code Section 409A, including the tax treatment of any amount paid or Award made under this Agreement, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates shall under any circumstances have any liability to any Participant or his or her estate or any other party for any taxes, penalties or interest imposed under Code Section 409A for any amounts paid or payable under this Agreement. 
 7.3 If the vesting of the Performance RSUs is accelerated in connection with a Change of Control, the Performance RSUs are considered NQ Deferred Compensation, and the Change of Control does not constitute a change in control event, within the meaning of the U.S. Treasury Regulations, then the cash equivalent of the Performance RSUs as of the date of the Change in Control shall be paid on the earliest of the applicable Vesting Date, the date of the Participant s death or the date the Participant s Active Status terminates due to Disability. 

8. Responsibility for Taxes . Regardless of any action the Company or, if different, the Participant s employer (the Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefit tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Participant Tax-Related Items ), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. The Participant further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Performance RSUs, including, but not limited to the grant of the Performance RSUs, the vesting or settlement of the Performance RSUs, the issuance of Shares in settlement of the Performance RSUs, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired at vesting and the receipt of any dividends and or any dividend equivalents and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the Award or any aspect of the Performance RSUs to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Furthermore, if the Participant is subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the Participant acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or otherwise entitled to or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 In connection with any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant must pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, the Participant hereby authorizes the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, in their sole discretion and without any notice to or additional authorization by the Participant, to satisfy their withholding obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items, if any, by one or a combination of the following 
 (a) withholding from the Participant s wages, salary or other cash compensation payable to the Participant by the Company, the Employer or any other Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company or 
 (b) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares issued in settlement of the vested Performance RSUs, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on the Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent), to the extent and in the manner permitted by all applicable securities laws, including making any necessary securities registration or taking any other necessary actions or 
 (c) withholding in Shares to be issued in settlement of the vested Performance RSUs provided, however, that if the Participant is a Section 16 officer of the Company under the Exchange Act, then the Company will withhold in Shares upon the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable (other than FICA or other employment Tax-Related Items that become payable in a year prior to the year that income Tax-Related Items become payable), unless the use of such withholding method is problematic under applicable tax or securities law or has materially adverse accounting consequences, in which case, the obligation for Tax-Related Items may be satisfied by one or a combination of methods (a) and (b) above or 
 (d) any other method of withholding determined by the Company to be permitted under the Plan and, to the extent required by applicable law or under the Plan, approved by the Committee. 
 The Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering statutory or other withholding rates, including minimum or maximum rates applicable in the Participant s jurisdiction(s), to the extent permitted under the Plan. In the event of over-withholding, the Participant may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash (with no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent), or if not refunded by the Company, the Participant may seek a refund from the applicable tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, the Participant may be required to pay additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authorities or to the Company and or the Employer. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, the Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares underlying the vested Performance RSUs, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares is held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan. 

Finally, the Participant is required to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if the Participant fails to comply with his or her obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. The Participant shall have no further rights with respect to any Shares that are retained by the Company pursuant to this provision, and under no circumstances will the Company be required to issue any fractional Shares. 
 9. Nature of Grant . In accepting the Award, the Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 (b) the Plan is operated and the Award is granted solely by the Company and only the Company is a party to this Agreement accordingly, any rights the Participant may have under this Agreement may be raised only against the Company but not any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company (including, but not limited to, the Employer) 
 (c) no Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company (including, but not limited to, the Employer) has any obligation to make any payment of any kind under this Agreement 
 (d) the grant of the Award is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of restricted stock units or other awards, or benefits in lieu of restricted stock units, even if restricted stock units have been granted in the past 
 (e) all decisions with respect to future restricted stock units or other awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (f) the Award and the Participant s participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or other service relationship, or be interpreted as forming or amending an employment or service relationship with the Company, the Employer or any other Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Employer or any other Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, as applicable, to terminate the Participant s employment or service relationship, if any 
 (g) the Participant s participation in the Plan is voluntary 
 (h) the Performance RSUs and the Shares subject to the Performance RSUs, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 (i) the Performance RSUs and the Shares subject to the Performance RSUs, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, holiday top-up, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related payments, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar mandatory payments 
 (j) unless otherwise agreed in writing with the Company, the Performance RSUs and the Shares subject to the Performance RSUs, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service that the Participant may provide as a director of a Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company 

(k) the future value of the Shares subject to the Performance RSUs is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (l) after termination of the Participant s Active Status, the Participant is no longer eligible to receive any new restricted stock units under the Plan 
 (m) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Performance RSUs or recoupment of any Shares acquired under the Plan resulting from (i) the application of the clawback policy described in Section 6 of this Agreement or otherwise adopted by the Company or required by law, or (ii) termination of the Participant s Active Status (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or providing services or the terms of the Participant s employment or service contract, if any) 
 (n) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Performance RSUs and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Performance RSUs or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Common Stock and 
 (o) neither the Company, the Employer nor any other Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Performance RSUs or of any amounts due to the Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Performance RSUs or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement. 
 10. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan, or the Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. The Participant should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 11. Data Privacy . 
 a) Data Collection and Usage . The Company and the Employer collect, process and use certain personal information about the Participant, including, but not limited to, the Participant s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all performance restricted stock units or any other entitlement to Shares or equivalent benefits awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant s favor Data ), for the legitimate purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The legal basis, where required, for the processing of Data is the Participant s consent. 
 b) Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Company transfers Data to Fidelity Plan Services, LLC and its affiliated companies (collectively, Fidelity ), an independent service provider based in the United States, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. The Company may select a different service provider or additional service providers and share Data with such other provider(s) serving in a similar manner. The Participant may be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the service provider, with such agreement being a condition to the ability to participate in the Plan. 
 c) International Data Transfers . The Company and Fidelity are based in the United States. The Participant s country or jurisdiction may have different data privacy laws and protections than the 

United States. The Company s legal basis, where required, for the transfer of Data is the Participant s consent. 
 d) Data Retention . The Company will hold and use Data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan, or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including under tax, securities, exchange control and labor laws. This means Data may be retained until after termination of the Participant s Active Service. 
 e) Voluntariness and Consequences of Consent Denial or Withdrawal . Participation in the Plan is voluntary and the Participant is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, the Participant s salary from or employment and career with the Employer will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Performance RSUs or other equity awards to the Participant or administer or maintain such awards. 
 f) Data Subject Rights . The Participant may have a number of rights under data privacy laws in his or her jurisdiction. Depending on where the Participant is based, such rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of Data the Company processes, (ii) rectification of incorrect Data, (iii) deletion of Data, (iv) restrictions on processing of Data, (v) portability of Data, (vi) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Participant s jurisdiction, and or (vii) receive a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data. To receive clarification regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, the Participant can contact his or her local human resources representative. 
 a) Declaration of Consent. By accepting the Performance RSUs and indicating consent via the Company s acceptance process, the Participant is declaring that he or she expressly agrees with the data processing practices described herein and consents to the collection, processing and use of Data by the Company and the transfer of Data to the recipients mentioned above, including recipients located in countries which do not adduce an adequate level of protection from a European (or other non-U.S.) data protection law perspective, for the purposes described above. 
 
 12. Governing Law Choice of Venue . The Award and the provisions of this Agreement are governed by, and subject to, the laws of the State of Washington, as provided in the Plan, without regard for its conflict of laws provisions. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this grant or this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of Washington, and agree that such litigation shall be conducted exclusively in the courts of King County, or the federal courts of the United States for the 9 th Circuit, and no other courts, where this grant is made and or to be performed. 
 13. Compliance with Law . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, unless there is an available exemption from any registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the Shares, the Company shall not be required to deliver any Shares issuable upon settlement of the Performance RSUs prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of the Shares under any local, state, federal or foreign securities or exchange control law or under rulings or regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or of any other governmental regulatory body, or prior to obtaining any approval or other clearance from any local, state, federal or foreign governmental agency, which registration, qualification or approval the Company shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable. The Participant understands that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Shares with the SEC or any state or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the Shares. Further, the Participant agrees that the Company shall have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and this Agreement without 

the Participant s consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws applicable to issuance of Shares. 
 14. Language . The Participant acknowledges and represents that he or she is sufficiently proficient in the English language, or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English, as to allow the Participant to understand the terms of this Agreement and any other documents related to the Plan. If the Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control, unless otherwise required by applicable law. 
 15. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 16. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 17. Undertakings . The Participant hereby agrees to take whatever additional action and execute whatever additional documents the Company may deem necessary or advisable in order to carry out or effect one or more of the obligations or restrictions imposed on either the Participant or the Performance RSUs pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 
 18. No Rights as Shareholder . Except as otherwise provided in Section 2, the Participant will not have dividend, voting or any other rights as a shareholder of the Shares with respect to the Performance RSUs. Upon payment of the vested Performance RSUs in Shares, the Participant will obtain full dividend, voting and other rights as a shareholder of the Company. 
 19. Restrictions on Transfer . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Performance RSUs granted pursuant to this Award may not be sold, pledged (as collateral for a loan or as security for the performance of an obligation or for any other purpose), assigned, hypothecated, transferred, disposed of in exchange for consideration, made subject to attachment or similar proceedings, or otherwise disposed of under any circumstances, except that this Award may be transferred (i) by will or by laws of descent and distribution applicable to a deceased Participant or (ii) pursuant to a domestic relations order. 
 20. Appendix A . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement, the Award of Performance RSUs shall be subject to any additional terms and conditions set forth in Appendix A for the Participant s country. Moreover, if the Participant relocates to one of the countries included in Appendix A, the additional terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Appendix A constitutes part of this Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement. 
 21. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Performance RSUs and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent that the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings (as provided in Section 17 above) that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 22. Waiver . If the Participant breaches or otherwise does not comply with any provision of this Agreement, but the Company does not act upon this breach or non-compliance and continues to comply with its obligations under this Agreement, this shall not mean that the Company waives any other provision of this Agreement or will otherwise permit any further breach of or non-compliance with any provision of this Agreement. 

23. Insider Trading Market Abuse Laws . The Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, including the United States and, if different, the Participant s country, the Participant s broker s country and or the country where the Shares are listed, which may affect the Participant s ability directly or indirectly, for the Participant him- or herself or for a third party, to accept, acquire, sell or attempt to sell, or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares (e.g., Performance RSUs) or rights linked to the value of Shares during such times as the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws or regulations in the applicable jurisdiction). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant placed before possessing inside information. Furthermore, the Participant may be prohibited from (i) disclosing insider information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell Company securities, including third parties who are fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable insider trading policy of the Company. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and the Participant should consult with the Participant s own personal legal and financial advisors on this matter before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 24. Foreign Asset Account Reporting Exchange Controls . The Participant s country may have certain foreign asset and or account reporting requirements and or exchange controls which may affect the Participant s ability to acquire or hold Shares under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of Shares) in a brokerage or bank account outside the Participant s country. The Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in the Participant s country. The Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan to the Participant s country through a designated bank or broker and or within a certain time after receipt. In addition, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions required by the Company, the Employer or the local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant s country of residence (and country of employment, if different) that may be required to comply with such laws, rules and regulations. The Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to comply with such regulations, and the Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor for any details. 
 
 Finally, the Company hereby strongly recommends that the Participant seek the advice of a personal tax and or legal advisor to obtain specific information concerning the tax and other legal consequences associated with the Performance RSUs. 
 
 By the Participant s signature and the Company s signature below, the Participant and the Company agree that this grant is governed by this Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the Date of Grant. 
 STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 
 By s Brian Niccol 
 Its chairman & ceo 
 
 PARTICIPANT 
 
 Signature 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-10.34>
 3
 sbux-9292024xexhibit1034.htm
 EX-10.34

Document 

Exhibit 10.34 
 STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 GLOBAL KEY EMPLOYEE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT AGREEMENT 
 2005 LONG-TERM EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 STARBUCKS CORPORATION (the Company does hereby grant to the individual named below (the Participant an award (the Award for the number of restricted stock units (the Restricted Stock Units set forth below, effective on the Date of Grant set forth below. The Restricted Stock Units shall vest and become payable in shares of Common Stock (the Shares according to the vesting schedule set forth below subject to earlier expiration or termination of the Restricted Stock Units as provided in this Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement, including any additional terms and conditions applicable to the Participant s country contained in the Appendix A attached hereto (together with the Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement, this Agreement ). This Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan provided, however, that Section 9 of the Plan (other than Section 9(a)(iv)) shall not apply to this Award. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement but defined in the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Plan. 
 Participant 
 Number of Units 
 Date of Grant 
 Vesting Schedule 
 25 on 1 st Anniversary of Date of Grant 
 25 on 2 nd Anniversary of Date of Grant 
 25 on 3 rd Anniversary of Date of Grant 
 25 on 4 th Anniversary of Date of Grant 
 
 1. Vesting Schedule Form and Timing of Payment of Vested Restricted Stock Units . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan, a number of the Restricted Stock Units will vest as set forth above, subject to the Participant s continued Active Status through the applicable Vesting Date (except as provided in Sections 3.2, 3.3 or 3.4 below). Any Restricted Stock Units that vest will be paid to the Participant solely in Shares (and not in cash, as the Plan permits) (i) on, or within thirty (30) days after, the relevant Vesting Date on which the Restricted Stock Units vest in accordance with this Section 1 or (ii) if earlier, upon a vesting event contemplated under Sections 3.2 or 3.4 below, as applicable, subject to any delayed payment required under Section 6 below. 
 2. Dividend Equivalents . On each date that a cash dividend is paid to holders of Shares, an amount (the Dividend Equivalent Amount equal to the cash dividend that is paid on each Share, multiplied by the number of Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units and any Dividend Equivalent RSUs (as defined below) that remain unvested and outstanding as of the dividend payment date, shall be credited for the benefit of the Participant, and such credited amount shall be converted into an additional number of Restricted Stock Units Dividend Equivalent RSUs determined by dividing the Dividend Equivalent Amount by the Fair Market Value of a Share on the dividend payment date, rounded up or down to the nearest whole number. Dividend Equivalent RSUs will be subject to the same conditions as the underlying Restricted Stock Units with respect to which the Dividend Equivalent RSUs were paid, including, without limitation, the vesting conditions and the provisions governing time and form of settlement applicable to the underlying Restricted Stock Units. Unless expressly provided otherwise, as used elsewhere in this Agreement Restricted Stock Units shall include any Dividend Equivalent RSUs that have been credited to the Participant s account. 
 3. Termination of Employment Change of Control . 
 3.1 Termination of Employment . Except as provided in Sections 3.2, 3.3 or 3.4 below, any unvested Restricted Stock Units subject to this Agreement shall immediately terminate and be automatically and completely forfeited by the Participant to the Company upon the termination of the Participant s Active Status for any reason, including without limitation, voluntary termination by the Participant, or termination by the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company because of Misconduct. 

For purposes of the Restricted Stock Units, the Participant s Active Status will be considered terminated as of the date the Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or providing services or the terms of the Participant s employment or service contract, if any) and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., the Participant s Active Status would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or providing services or the terms of the Participant s employment or service contract, if any). Actively providing services during only a portion of the vesting period prior to a Vesting Date shall not entitle the Participant to vest in a pro-rata portion of the unvested Restricted Stock Units that would have vested as of such Vesting Date, nor will it entitle the Participant to any compensation for the lost vesting. The Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Participant s Active Status for purposes of the Award is terminated (including whether the Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 
 3.2 Termination in Connection with a Change of Control . Upon Participant s CIC Qualifying Termination or a Potential CIC Qualifying Termination, each as defined in the Starbucks Corporation Executive Severance and Change of Control Plan (the Executive Severance Plan ), the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units shall accelerate, and the Restricted Stock Units shall become fully vested and shall be payable to the extent and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Executive Severance Plan within ninety (90) days after Participant s separation from service. 
 3.3 Retirement Termination Outside of a Change of Control . If the Participant s Active Status terminates due to Retirement, the Participant will continue to vest in all unvested Restricted Stock Units as if the Participant s Active Status had not terminated, subject to and conditioned upon compliance with the terms of Section 4 through each Vesting Date. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if the Company receives an opinion of counsel that there has been a legal judgment and or legal development in the Participant s country that likely would result in any favorable treatment of the Restricted Stock Units at Retirement under this Agreement being deemed unlawful or discriminatory, the Company may, in its sole discretion, determine not to apply such favorable treatment and treat the Restricted Stock Units as set forth in the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 
 In the event of Participant s Qualifying Termination, as defined in the Executive Severance Plan, the Participant will continue to be eligible to vest in a pro-rata portion of the unvested Restricted Stock Units as if the Participant s Active Status had not terminated, subject to and conditioned upon compliance with the terms of Section 4 through each Vesting Date, to the extent and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Executive Severance Plan. 
 3.4 Disability or Death . If the Participant s Active Status terminates due to Disability or death, all unvested Restricted Stock Units will vest in full as of the date of termination of Active Status due to Disability or death. 
 4. Misconduct . As a condition to receiving and becoming eligible to vest in the Restricted Stock Units, the Participant hereby agrees not to engage in Misconduct. 
 5. Clawback . 
 5 .1 Misconduct . If the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the Participant has engaged in Misconduct, the Participant agrees and covenants that (a) any unvested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited as of the date the Company determines that the Participant has engaged in Misconduct (the Determination Date (b) if any part of the Restricted Stock Units vested and were settled prior to the Determination Date, upon the Company s demand, the Participant shall immediately deliver to the Company (i) the Shares that the Participant acquired upon settlement of such Restricted Stock Units and (ii) to the extent any such Shares were previously sold by the Participant, a cash amount equal to the Fair Market Value as of the Determination Date of the Shares contemplated to be returned to the Company under this clause and (c) the foregoing remedies set forth in this Section 5 shall not be the Company s exclusive remedies, which this award 

shall include, among other remedies, injunctive relief and damages that may be available to the Company. The Company reserves all other rights and remedies available to it at law or in equity. 
 5.2 Clawback Policy . The Participant agrees that this Award and any Shares or any other benefits or 
 proceeds therefrom that the Participant may receive hereunder shall be subject to forfeiture and or repayment to the Company pursuant to (i) the Company s Recovery of Incentive Compensation Policy (ii) any other recovery, recoupment, clawback or similar policy adopted by the Company after the Date of Grant, to the extent required to comply with any requirements imposed under applicable laws and or the rules and regulations of the securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Shares are listed or quoted, in each case, as may be amended from time to time (with the provisions contained in such policy deemed incorporated into this Agreement without the Participant s additional or separate consent). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and subject to applicable law, (i) compliance with applicable law, the Company s Standards of Business Conduct, and the Company s corporate policies, as applicable, shall be a pre-condition to earning, or vesting in respect of, this Award and (ii) to the extent this Award is subject to the Company s Recovery of Incentive Compensation Policy, this Award will not be earned or vested, even if already granted, paid or settled, until the Company s Recovery of Incentive Compensation Policy ceases to apply to such Award and any other vesting conditions applicable to such Award are satisfied. 
 
 5.3 Recoupment Authorization . For purposes of the foregoing, the Participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on the Participant s behalf, to any brokerage firm and or third party administrator engaged by the Company to hold any Shares and other amounts acquired pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such Shares and or other amounts to the Company upon the Company s enforcement of Sections 5.1 or 5.2 hereof. 
 
 6. Code Section 409A . The provisions in this Section 6 shall apply if the Participant is subject to taxation in the United States. 
 6.1 To the extent the Restricted Stock Units constitute nonqualified deferred compensation that is subject to Code Section 409A NQ Deferred Compensation ), any Restricted Stock Units that are payable upon or with reference to the date that the Participant s Active Service terminates (i) shall not be paid unless the Participant experiences a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and (ii) if the Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of Code Section 409A on the date of the Participant s separation from service, then the Restricted Stock Units shall be paid on the first business day of the seventh month following the Participant s separation from service, or, if earlier, on the date of the Participant s death, to the extent such delayed payment is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Code Section 409A. 
 6.2 This Award and payments made pursuant to this Agreement and the Plan are intended to qualify for an exemption from or comply with Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement and the Plan, the Company, to the extent it deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, reserves the right, but shall not be required, to unilaterally amend or modify this Agreement and or the Plan so that the Restricted Stock Units granted to the Participant qualify for exemption from or comply with Code Section 409A provided, however, that the Company makes no representations that the Restricted Stock Units shall be exempt from or comply with Code Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Code Section 409A from applying to the Restricted Stock Units. Nothing in this Agreement or the Plan shall provide a basis for any person to take action against the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company based on matters covered by Code Section 409A, including the tax treatment of any amount paid or Award made under this Agreement, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates shall under any circumstances have any liability to any Participant or his or her estate or any other party for any taxes, penalties or interest imposed under Code Section 409A for any amounts paid or payable under this Agreement. 
 7. Responsibility for Taxes . Regardless of any action the Company or, if different, the Participant s employer (the Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefit tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Participant Tax-Related Items ), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. The Participant further acknowledges that the Company and or the 

Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including, but not limited to the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, the vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the issuance of Shares in settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired at vesting and the receipt of any dividends and or any dividend equivalents and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the Award or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Furthermore, if the Participant is subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the Participant acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required or otherwise entitled to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 In connection with any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant must pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, the Participant hereby authorizes the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, in their sole discretion and without any notice to or additional authorization by the Participant, to satisfy their withholding obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items, if any, by one or a combination of the following 
 (a) withholding from the Participant s wages, salary or other cash compensation payable to the Participant by the Company, the Employer or any other Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company or 
 (b) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares issued in settlement of the vested Restricted Stock Units, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on the Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent), to the extent and in the manner permitted by all applicable securities laws, including making any necessary securities registration or taking any other necessary actions or 
 (c) withholding in Shares to be issued in settlement of the vested Restricted Stock Units provided, however, that if the Participant is a Section 16 officer of the Company under the Exchange Act, then the Company will withhold in Shares upon the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable (other than FICA or other employment Tax-Related Items that become payable in a year prior to the year that income Tax-Related Items become payable), unless the use of such withholding method is problematic under applicable tax or securities law or has materially adverse accounting consequences, in which case, the obligation for Tax-Related Items may be satisfied by one or a combination of methods (a) and (b) above or 
 (d) any other method of withholding determined by the Company to be permitted under the Plan and, to the extent required by applicable law or under the Plan, approved by the Committee. 
 The Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering statutory or other withholding rates, including minimum or maximum rates applicable in the Participant s jurisdiction(s), to the extent permitted under the Plan. In the event of over-withholding, the Participant may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash(with no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent), or if not refunded by the Company, the Participant may seek a refund from the applicable tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, the Participant may be required to pay additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authorities or to the Company and or the Employer. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, the Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares is held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 Finally, the Participant is required to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if the Participant fails to comply with his or her obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. The Participant shall have no further rights with respect to any Shares that are retained by the Company pursuant to this provision, and under no circumstances will the Company be required to issue any fractional Shares. 

8. Nature of Grant . In accepting the Award, the Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 (b) the Plan is operated and the Award is granted solely by the Company and only the Company is a party to this Agreement accordingly, any rights the Participant may have under this Agreement may be raised only against the Company but not any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company (including, but not limited to, the Employer) 
 (c) no Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company (including, but not limited to, the Employer) has any obligation to make any payment of any kind under the Agreement 
 (d) the grant of the Award is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of restricted stock units or other awards, or benefits in lieu of restricted stock units, even if restricted stock units have been granted in the past 
 (e) all decisions with respect to future restricted stock units or other awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (f) the Award and the Participant s participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or other service relationship, or be interpreted as forming or amending an employment or service relationship with the Company, the Employer or any other Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Employer or any other Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, as applicable, to terminate the Participant s employment or service relationship, if any 
 (g) the Participant s participation in the Plan is voluntary 
 (h) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 (i) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, holiday top-up, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related payments, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar mandatory payments 
 (j) unless otherwise agreed in writing with the Company, the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service that the Participant may provide as a director of a Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company 
 (k) the future value of the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (l) after termination of the Participant s Active Status, the Participant is no longer eligible to receive any new restricted stock units under the Plan 
 (m) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units or recoupment of any Shares acquired under the Plan resulting from (i) the application of the clawback policy described in Section 5 of this Agreement or otherwise adopted by the Company or required by law, or (ii) termination of the Participant s Active Status (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in 

the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or providing services or the terms of the Participant s employment or service contract, if any) 
 (n) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Common Stock and 
 (o) neither the Company, the Employer nor any other Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to the Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement. 
 9. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan, or the Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. The Participant should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 10. Data Privacy . 
 a) Data Collection and Usage . The Company and the Employer collect, process and use certain personal information about the Participant, including, but not limited to, the Participant s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all restricted stock units or any other entitlement to Shares or equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant s favor Data ), for the legitimate purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The legal basis, where required, for the processing of Data is the Participant s consent. 
 
 b) Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Company transfers Data to Fidelity Plan Services, LLC and its affiliated companies (collectively, Fidelity ), an independent service provider based in the United States, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. The Company may select a different service provider or additional service providers and share Data with such other provider(s) serving in a similar manner. The Participant may be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the service provider, with such agreement being a condition to the ability to participate in the Plan. 
 
 c) International Data Transfers . The Company and Fidelity are based in the United States. The Participant s country or jurisdiction may have different data privacy laws and protections than the United States. The Company s legal basis, where required, for the transfer of Data is the Participant s consent. 
 
 d) Data Retention . The Company will hold and use Data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan, or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including under tax, securities, exchange control and labor laws. This means Data may be retained until after termination of the Participant s Active Service. 
 
 e) Voluntariness and Consequences of Consent Denial or Withdrawal . Participation in the Plan is voluntary and the Participant is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, the Participant s salary from or employment and career with the Employer will not be affected 

the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards to the Participant or administer or maintain such awards. 
 
 f) Data Subject Rights . The Participant may have a number of rights under data privacy laws in his or her jurisdiction. Depending on where the Participant is based, such rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of Data the Company processes, (ii) rectification of incorrect Data, (iii) deletion of Data, (iv) restrictions on processing of Data, (v) portability of Data, (vi) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Participant s jurisdiction, and or (vii) receive a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data. To receive clarification regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, the Participant can contact his or her local human resources representative. 
 
 a) Declaration of Consent . By accepting the Restricted Stock Units and indicating consent via the Company s acceptance process, the Participant is declaring that he or she expressly agrees with the data processing practices described herein and consents to the collection, processing and use of Data by the Company and the transfer of Data to the recipients mentioned above, including recipients located in countries which do not adduce an adequate level of protection from a European (or other non-U.S.) data protection law perspective, for the purposes described above. 

11. Governing Law Choice of Venue . The Award and the provisions of this Agreement are governed by, and subject to, the laws of the State of Washington, as provided in the Plan, without regard for its conflict of laws provisions. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this grant or this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of Washington, and agree that such litigation shall be conducted exclusively in the courts of King County, or the federal courts of the United States for the 9 th Circuit, and no other courts, where this grant is made and or to be performed. 
 12. Compliance with Law . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, unless there is an available exemption from any registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the Shares, the Company shall not be required to deliver any Shares issuable upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of the Shares under any local, state, federal or foreign securities or exchange control law or under rulings or regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or of any other governmental regulatory body, or prior to obtaining any approval or other clearance from any local, state, federal or foreign governmental agency, which registration, qualification or approval the Company shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable. The Participant understands that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Shares with the SEC or any state or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the Shares. Further, the Participant agrees that the Company shall have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and this Agreement without the Participant s consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws applicable to issuance of Shares. 
 13. Language . The Participant acknowledges and represents that he or she is sufficiently proficient in the English language or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English, as to allow the Participant to understand the terms of this Agreement and any other documents related to the Plan. If the Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control, unless otherwise required by applicable law. 
 14. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 

15. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 16. Undertakings . The Participant hereby agrees to take whatever additional action and execute whatever additional documents the Company may deem necessary or advisable in order to carry out or effect one or more of the obligations or restrictions imposed on either the Participant or the Restricted Stock Units pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 
 17. No Rights as Shareholder . Except as otherwise provided in Section 2, the Participant will not have dividend, voting or any other rights as a shareholder of the Shares with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. Upon payment of the vested Restricted Stock Units in Shares, the Participant will obtain full dividend, voting and other rights as a shareholder of the Company. 
 18. Restrictions on Transfer . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Award may not be sold, pledged (as collateral for a loan or as security for the performance of an obligation or for any other purpose), assigned, hypothecated, transferred, disposed of in exchange for consideration, made subject to attachment or similar proceedings, or otherwise disposed of under any circumstances, except that this Award may be transferred (i) by will or by laws of descent and distribution applicable to a deceased Participant or (ii) pursuant to a domestic relations order. 
 19. Appendix A . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement, the Award of Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any additional terms and conditions set forth in Appendix A for the Participant s country. Moreover, if the Participant relocates to one of the countries included in Appendix A, the additional terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix A constitutes part of this Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement. 
 20. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent that the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings (as provided in Section 16 above) that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 21. Waiver . If the Participant breaches or otherwise does not comply with any provision of this Agreement, but the Company does not act upon this breach or non-compliance and continues to comply with its obligations under this Agreement, this shall not mean that the Company waives any other provision of this Agreement or will otherwise permit any further breach of or non-compliance with any provision of this Agreement. 
 22. Insider Trading Market Abuse Laws . The Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, including the United States and, if different, the Participant s country, the Participant s broker s country and or the country where the Shares are listed, which may affect the Participant s ability, directly or indirectly, for the Participant him- or herself or for a third party, to accept, acquire, sell or attempt to sell, or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares e.g. , Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of Shares during such times as the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws or regulations in the applicable jurisdiction). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant placed before possessing inside information. Furthermore, the Participant may be prohibited from (i) disclosing insider information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell Company securities, including third parties who are fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable insider trading policy of the Company. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and the Participant should consult with the Participant s own personal legal and financial advisors on this matter before taking any action related to the Plan. 

23. Foreign Asset Account Reporting Exchange Controls . The Participant s country may have certain foreign asset and or account reporting requirements and or exchange controls which may affect the Participant s ability to acquire or hold Shares under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of Shares) in a brokerage or bank account outside the Participant s country. The Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. The Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker and or within a certain time after receipt. The Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to comply with such regulations, and the Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor for any details. 
 24. No Modification of Executive Severance Plan . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or in the Plan, the benefits referenced herein that are provided pursuant to the Executive Severance Plan remain subject to the amendment and termination provisions of the Executive Severance Plan. 
 Finally, the Company hereby strongly recommends that the Participant seek the advice of a personal tax and or legal advisor to obtain specific information concerning the tax and other legal consequences associated with the Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 By the Participant s signature and the Company s signature below, the Participant and the Company agree that this grant is governed by this Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the Date of Grant. 
 STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 
 By s Brian Niccol 
 
 Its chairman & ceo 
 
 PARTICIPANT 
 
 Signature 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.35>
 4
 sbux-9292024xexhibit1035.htm
 EX-10.35

Document 

Exhibit 10.35 
 STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 GLOBAL KEY EMPLOYEE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT AGREEMENT 
 2005 LONG-TERM EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 (PROMOTION) 
 
 STARBUCKS CORPORATION (the Company does hereby grant to the individual named below (the Participant an award (the Award for the number of restricted stock units (the Restricted Stock Units set forth below, effective on the Date of Grant set forth below. The Restricted Stock Units shall vest and become payable in shares of Common Stock (the Shares according to the vesting schedule set forth below subject to earlier expiration or termination of the Restricted Stock Units as provided in this Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement, including any additional terms and conditions applicable to the Participant s country contained in the Appendix A attached hereto (together with the Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement, this Agreement ). This Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the 2005 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan provided, however, that Section 9 of the Plan (other than Section 9(a)(iv)) shall not apply to this Award. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement but defined in the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Plan. 
 Participant 
 Number of Units 
 Date of Grant 
 Vesting Schedule 
 50 on 2 nd Anniversary of Date of Grant 
 50 on 4 th Anniversary of Date of Grant 
 
 1. Vesting Schedule Form and Timing of Payment of Vested Restricted Stock Units . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan, a number of the Restricted Stock Units will vest as set forth above, subject to the Participant s continued Active Status through the applicable Vesting Date (except as provided in Sections 3.2 or 3.3 below). Any Restricted Stock Units that vest will be paid to the Participant solely in Shares (and not in cash, as the Plan permits) (i) on, or within thirty (30) days after, the relevant Vesting Date on which the Restricted Stock Units vest in accordance with this Section 1 or (ii) if earlier, upon a vesting event contemplated under Sections 3.2 or 3.3 below, as applicable, subject to any delayed payment required under Section 6 below. 
 2. Dividend Equivalents . On each date that a cash dividend is paid to holders of Shares, an amount (the Dividend Equivalent Amount equal to the cash dividend that is paid on each Share, multiplied by the number of Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units and any Dividend Equivalent RSUs (as defined below) that remain unvested and outstanding as of the dividend payment date, shall be credited for the benefit of the Participant, and such credited amount shall be converted into an additional number of Restricted Stock Units Dividend Equivalent RSUs determined by dividing the Dividend Equivalent Amount by the Fair Market Value of a Share on the dividend payment date, rounded up or down to the nearest whole number. Dividend Equivalent RSUs will be subject to the same conditions as the underlying Restricted Stock Units with respect to which the Dividend Equivalent RSUs were paid, including, without limitation, the vesting conditions and the provisions governing time and form of settlement applicable to the underlying Restricted Stock Units. Unless expressly provided otherwise, as used elsewhere in this Agreement Restricted Stock Units shall include any Dividend Equivalent RSUs that have been credited to the Participant s account. 
 3. Termination of Employment Change of Control . 
 3.1 Termination of Employment . Except as provided in Sections 3.2 or 3.3 below, any unvested Restricted Stock Units subject to this Agreement shall immediately terminate and be automatically and completely forfeited by the Participant to the Company upon the termination of the Participant s Active Status for any reason, including without limitation, voluntary termination by the Participant, or termination by the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company because of Misconduct. 

For purposes of the Restricted Stock Units, the Participant s Active Status will be considered terminated as of the date the Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or providing services or the terms of the Participant s employment or service contract, if any) and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., the Participant s Active Status would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or providing services or the terms of the Participant s employment or service contract, if any). Actively providing services during only a portion of the vesting period prior to a Vesting Date shall not entitle the Participant to vest in a pro-rata portion of the unvested Restricted Stock Units that would have vested as of such Vesting Date, nor will it entitle the Participant to any compensation for the lost vesting. The Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Participant s Active Status for purposes of the Award is terminated (including whether the Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 
 3.2 Termination in Connection with a Change of Control . Upon Participant s CIC Qualifying Termination or a Potential CIC Qualifying Termination, each as defined in the Starbucks Corporation Executive Severance and Change of Control Plan (the Executive Severance Plan ), the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units shall accelerate, and the Restricted Stock Units shall become fully vested and shall be payable to the extent and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Executive Severance Plan within ninety (90) days after Participant s separation from service. 
 3.3 Disability or Death . If the Participant s Active Status terminates due to Disability or death, all unvested Restricted Stock Units will vest in full as of the date of termination of Active Status due to Disability or death. 
 4. Misconduct . As a condition to receiving and becoming eligible to vest in the Restricted Stock Units, the Participant hereby agrees not to engage in Misconduct. 
 5. Clawback . 
 5 .1 Misconduct . If the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that the Participant has engaged in Misconduct, the Participant agrees and covenants that (a) any unvested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited as of the date the Company determines that the Participant has engaged in Misconduct (the Determination Date (b) if any part of the Restricted Stock Units vested and were settled prior to the Determination Date, upon the Company s demand, the Participant shall immediately deliver to the Company (i) the Shares that the Participant acquired upon settlement of such Restricted Stock Units and (ii) to the extent any such Shares were previously sold by the Participant, a cash amount equal to the Fair Market Value as of the Determination Date of the Shares contemplated to be returned to the Company under this clause and (c) the foregoing remedies set forth in this Section 5 shall not be the Company s exclusive remedies, which this award shall include, among other remedies, injunctive relief and damages that may be available to the Company. The Company reserves all other rights and remedies available to it at law or in equity. 
 5.2 Clawback Policy . The Participant agrees that this Award and any Shares or any other benefits or 
 proceeds therefrom that the Participant may receive hereunder shall be subject to forfeiture and or repayment to the Company pursuant to (i) the Company s Recovery of Incentive Compensation Policy (ii) any other recovery, recoupment, clawback or similar policy adopted by the Company after the Date of Grant, to the extent required to comply with any requirements imposed under applicable laws and or the rules and regulations of the securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Shares are listed or quoted, in each case, as may be amended from time to time (with the provisions contained in such policy deemed incorporated into this Agreement without the Participant s additional or separate consent). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and subject to applicable law, (i) compliance with applicable law, the Company s Standards of Business Conduct, and the Company s corporate policies, as applicable, shall be a pre-condition to earning, or vesting in respect of, this Award and (ii) to the extent this Award is subject to the Company s Recovery of Incentive Compensation Policy, this Award will not be earned or vested, even if already granted, paid or settled, until the 

Company s Recovery of Incentive Compensation Policy ceases to apply to such Award and any other vesting conditions applicable to such Award are satisfied. 
 
 5.3 Recoupment Authorization . For purposes of the foregoing, the Participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on the Participant s behalf, to any brokerage firm and or third party administrator engaged by the Company to hold any Shares and other amounts acquired pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such Shares and or other amounts to the Company upon the Company s enforcement of Sections 5.1 or 5.2 hereof. 
 
 6. Code Section 409A . The provisions in this Section 6 shall apply if the Participant is subject to taxation in the United States. 
 6.1 To the extent the Restricted Stock Units constitute nonqualified deferred compensation that is subject to Code Section 409A NQ Deferred Compensation ), any Restricted Stock Units that are payable upon or with reference to the date that the Participant s Active Service terminates (i) shall not be paid unless the Participant experiences a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A and (ii) if the Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of Code Section 409A on the date of the Participant s separation from service, then the Restricted Stock Units shall be paid on the first business day of the seventh month following the Participant s separation from service, or, if earlier, on the date of the Participant s death, to the extent such delayed payment is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Code Section 409A. 
 6.2 This Award and payments made pursuant to this Agreement and the Plan are intended to qualify for an exemption from or comply with Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement and the Plan, the Company, to the extent it deems necessary or advisable in its sole discretion, reserves the right, but shall not be required, to unilaterally amend or modify this Agreement and or the Plan so that the Restricted Stock Units granted to the Participant qualify for exemption from or comply with Code Section 409A provided, however, that the Company makes no representations that the Restricted Stock Units shall be exempt from or comply with Code Section 409A and makes no undertaking to preclude Code Section 409A from applying to the Restricted Stock Units. Nothing in this Agreement or the Plan shall provide a basis for any person to take action against the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company based on matters covered by Code Section 409A, including the tax treatment of any amount paid or Award made under this Agreement, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates shall under any circumstances have any liability to any Participant or his or her estate or any other party for any taxes, penalties or interest imposed under Code Section 409A for any amounts paid or payable under this Agreement. 
 7. Responsibility for Taxes . Regardless of any action the Company or, if different, the Participant s employer (the Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefit tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Participant Tax-Related Items ), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. The Participant further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including, but not limited to the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, the vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the issuance of Shares in settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired at vesting and the receipt of any dividends and or any dividend equivalents and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the Award or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Furthermore, if the Participant is subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the Participant acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required or otherwise entitled to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 In connection with any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant must pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, the Participant hereby authorizes the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, in their sole discretion and without any notice to or additional authorization by the Participant, to satisfy their withholding obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items, if any, by one or a combination of the following 

(a) withholding from the Participant s wages, salary or other cash compensation payable to the Participant by the Company, the Employer or any other Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company or 
 (b) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares issued in settlement of the vested Restricted Stock Units, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on the Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent), to the extent and in the manner permitted by all applicable securities laws, including making any necessary securities registration or taking any other necessary actions or 
 (c) withholding in Shares to be issued in settlement of the vested Restricted Stock Units provided, however, that if the Participant is a Section 16 officer of the Company under the Exchange Act, then the Company will withhold in Shares upon the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable (other than FICA or other employment Tax-Related Items that become payable in a year prior to the year that income Tax-Related Items become payable), unless the use of such withholding method is problematic under applicable tax or securities law or has materially adverse accounting consequences, in which case, the obligation for Tax-Related Items may be satisfied by one or a combination of methods (a) and (b) above or 
 (d) any other method of withholding determined by the Company to be permitted under the Plan and, to the extent required by applicable law or under the Plan, approved by the Committee. 
 The Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering statutory or other withholding rates, including minimum or maximum rates applicable in the Participant s jurisdiction(s), to the extent permitted under the Plan. In the event of over-withholding, the Participant may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash(with no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent), or if not refunded by the Company, the Participant may seek a refund from the applicable tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, the Participant may be required to pay additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authorities or to the Company and or the Employer. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, the Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares is held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan. 
 Finally, the Participant is required to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if the Participant fails to comply with his or her obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. The Participant shall have no further rights with respect to any Shares that are retained by the Company pursuant to this provision, and under no circumstances will the Company be required to issue any fractional Shares. 
 8. Nature of Grant . In accepting the Award, the Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 (b) the Plan is operated and the Award is granted solely by the Company and only the Company is a party to this Agreement accordingly, any rights the Participant may have under this Agreement may be raised only against the Company but not any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company (including, but not limited to, the Employer) 
 (c) no Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company (including, but not limited to, the Employer) has any obligation to make any payment of any kind under the Agreement 
 (d) the grant of the Award is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of restricted stock units or other awards, or 

benefits in lieu of restricted stock units, even if restricted stock units have been granted in the past 
 (e) all decisions with respect to future restricted stock units or other awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (f) the Award and the Participant s participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or other service relationship, or be interpreted as forming or amending an employment or service relationship with the Company, the Employer or any other Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Employer or any other Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, as applicable, to terminate the Participant s employment or service relationship, if any 
 (g) the Participant s participation in the Plan is voluntary 
 (h) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 (i) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, holiday top-up, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related payments, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar mandatory payments 
 (j) unless otherwise agreed in writing with the Company, the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service that the Participant may provide as a director of a Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company 
 (k) the future value of the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (l) after termination of the Participant s Active Status, the Participant is no longer eligible to receive any new restricted stock units under the Plan 
 (m) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units or recoupment of any Shares acquired under the Plan resulting from (i) the application of the clawback policy described in Section 5 of this Agreement or otherwise adopted by the Company or required by law, or (ii) termination of the Participant s Active Status (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or providing services or the terms of the Participant s employment or service contract, if any) 
 (n) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Common Stock and 
 (o) neither the Company, the Employer nor any other Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to the Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement. 

9. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan, or the Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. The Participant should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 10. Data Privacy . 
 a) Data Collection and Usage . The Company and the Employer collect, process and use certain personal information about the Participant, including, but not limited to, the Participant s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all restricted stock units or any other entitlement to Shares or equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant s favor Data ), for the legitimate purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The legal basis, where required, for the processing of Data is the Participant s consent. 
 
 b) Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Company transfers Data to Fidelity Plan Services, LLC and its affiliated companies (collectively, Fidelity ), an independent service provider based in the United States, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. The Company may select a different service provider or additional service providers and share Data with such other provider(s) serving in a similar manner. The Participant may be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the service provider, with such agreement being a condition to the ability to participate in the Plan. 
 
 c) International Data Transfers . The Company and Fidelity are based in the United States. The Participant s country or jurisdiction may have different data privacy laws and protections than the United States. The Company s legal basis, where required, for the transfer of Data is the Participant s consent. 
 
 d) Data Retention . The Company will hold and use Data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan, or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including under tax, securities, exchange control and labor laws. This means Data may be retained until after termination of the Participant s Active Service. 
 
 e) Voluntariness and Consequences of Consent Denial or Withdrawal . Participation in the Plan is voluntary and the Participant is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If the Participant does not consent, or if the Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, the Participant s salary from or employment and career with the Employer will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards to the Participant or administer or maintain such awards. 
 
 f) Data Subject Rights . The Participant may have a number of rights under data privacy laws in his or her jurisdiction. Depending on where the Participant is based, such rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of Data the Company processes, (ii) rectification of incorrect Data, (iii) deletion of Data, (iv) restrictions on processing of Data, (v) portability of Data, (vi) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Participant s jurisdiction, and or (vii) receive a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data. To receive clarification regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, the Participant can contact his or her local human resources representative. 

a) Declaration of Consent . By accepting the Restricted Stock Units and indicating consent via the Company s acceptance process, the Participant is declaring that he or she expressly agrees with the data processing practices described herein and consents to the collection, processing and use of Data by the Company and the transfer of Data to the recipients mentioned above, including recipients located in countries which do not adduce an adequate level of protection from a European (or other non-U.S.) data protection law perspective, for the purposes described above. 

11. Governing Law Choice of Venue . The Award and the provisions of this Agreement are governed by, and subject to, the laws of the State of Washington, as provided in the Plan, without regard for its conflict of laws provisions. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this grant or this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of Washington, and agree that such litigation shall be conducted exclusively in the courts of King County, or the federal courts of the United States for the 9 th Circuit, and no other courts, where this grant is made and or to be performed. 
 12. Compliance with Law . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, unless there is an available exemption from any registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the Shares, the Company shall not be required to deliver any Shares issuable upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of the Shares under any local, state, federal or foreign securities or exchange control law or under rulings or regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or of any other governmental regulatory body, or prior to obtaining any approval or other clearance from any local, state, federal or foreign governmental agency, which registration, qualification or approval the Company shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable. The Participant understands that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Shares with the SEC or any state or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the Shares. Further, the Participant agrees that the Company shall have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and this Agreement without the Participant s consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws applicable to issuance of Shares. 
 13. Language . The Participant acknowledges and represents that he or she is sufficiently proficient in the English language or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English, as to allow the Participant to understand the terms of this Agreement and any other documents related to the Plan. If the Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control, unless otherwise required by applicable law. 
 14. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 15. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 16. Undertakings . The Participant hereby agrees to take whatever additional action and execute whatever additional documents the Company may deem necessary or advisable in order to carry out or effect one or more of the obligations or restrictions imposed on either the Participant or the Restricted Stock Units pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 
 17. No Rights as Shareholder . Except as otherwise provided in Section 2, the Participant will not have dividend, voting or any other rights as a shareholder of the Shares with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. Upon payment of the vested Restricted Stock Units in Shares, the Participant will obtain full dividend, voting and other rights as a shareholder of the Company. 

18. Restrictions on Transfer . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Award may not be sold, pledged (as collateral for a loan or as security for the performance of an obligation or for any other purpose), assigned, hypothecated, transferred, disposed of in exchange for consideration, made subject to attachment or similar proceedings, or otherwise disposed of under any circumstances, except that this Award may be transferred (i) by will or by laws of descent and distribution applicable to a deceased Participant or (ii) pursuant to a domestic relations order. 
 19. Appendix A . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement, the Award of Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any additional terms and conditions set forth in Appendix A for the Participant s country. Moreover, if the Participant relocates to one of the countries included in Appendix A, the additional terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix A constitutes part of this Global Key Employee Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement. 
 20. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent that the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings (as provided in Section 16 above) that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 21. Waiver . If the Participant breaches or otherwise does not comply with any provision of this Agreement, but the Company does not act upon this breach or non-compliance and continues to comply with its obligations under this Agreement, this shall not mean that the Company waives any other provision of this Agreement or will otherwise permit any further breach of or non-compliance with any provision of this Agreement. 
 22. Insider Trading Market Abuse Laws . The Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, including the United States and, if different, the Participant s country, the Participant s broker s country and or the country where the Shares are listed, which may affect the Participant s ability, directly or indirectly, for the Participant him- or herself or for a third party, to accept, acquire, sell or attempt to sell, or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares e.g. , Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of Shares during such times as the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws or regulations in the applicable jurisdiction). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant placed before possessing inside information. Furthermore, the Participant may be prohibited from (i) disclosing insider information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell Company securities, including third parties who are fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable insider trading policy of the Company. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and the Participant should consult with the Participant s own personal legal and financial advisors on this matter before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 23. Foreign Asset Account Reporting Exchange Controls . The Participant s country may have certain foreign asset and or account reporting requirements and or exchange controls which may affect the Participant s ability to acquire or hold Shares under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of Shares) in a brokerage or bank account outside the Participant s country. The Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. The Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker and or within a certain time after receipt. The Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to comply with such regulations, and the Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor for any details. 
 24. No Modification of Executive Severance Plan . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or in the Plan, the benefits referenced herein that are provided pursuant to the Executive Severance Plan remain subject to the amendment and termination provisions of the Executive Severance Plan. 

Finally, the Company hereby strongly recommends that the Participant seek the advice of a personal tax and or legal advisor to obtain specific information concerning the tax and other legal consequences associated with the Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 By the Participant s signature and the Company s signature below, the Participant and the Company agree that this grant is governed by this Agreement and the Plan. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the Date of Grant. 
 STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 
 By s Brian Niccol 
 
 Its chairman & ceo 
 
 PARTICIPANT 
 
 Signature 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-19.1>
 5
 sbux-9292024xexhibit191.htm
 EX-19.1

Document 

Exhibit 19.1 

STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY 
 
 PURPOSE 
 This Insider Trading Policy (this Policy sets forth the policy of, and the restrictions imposed by, Starbucks Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, Starbucks or the Company regarding transactions in the Company s securities and the securities of other companies about which you may become aware of Material Non-Public Information in the course of your work for Starbucks. 
 
 APPLIES TO 
 This Policy applies to all members of the Starbucks Board of Directors, partners (employees), and independent contractors, advisors and consultants who provide services to Starbucks, regardless of whether they are resident within the United States. This Policy also applies to the immediate family members of or those who live in the same household as such persons entities such as partnerships, trusts, corporations, or foundations over which such persons have control and anyone else whose transactions are directed by such persons or are subject to their influence or control (collectively, Covered Persons ). As used in this Policy, you and your refer to Covered Persons. This Policy applies to actions you take with respect to Material Non-Public Information (or MNPI , in each case as defined below) you possess from your work with the Company and blackout periods that apply to you, even after termination of your employment or service. You are responsible for making sure that your actions comply with this Policy. In addition, Starbucks will not transact in its own securities, except in compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 
 POLICY STATEMENT 
 
 Background. Insider trading is a top enforcement priority of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), other governmental bodies, and the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ). Criminal prosecutions for insider trading are commonplace and may result in fines or imprisonment. All Covered Persons should understand the breadth of activities that constitute insider trading and their consequences, which can be severe. Enforcement bodies employ highly sophisticated and effective methods to detect and investigate insider trading. For example, the SEC has successfully prosecuted people who traded through foreign accounts or family members and friends and who traded only a small number of shares. 
 
 A violation of this Policy may also result in Company disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment or other relationship with Starbucks as allowed by applicable law or in the case of members of the Board of Directors, being asked to resign from the Board or not be renominated. In determining remedial action resulting from a violation of this Policy, Starbucks will consider a number of factors including, but not limited to, the individual s conduct substantiated through investigation, the individual s cooperation, the individual s past violations, if any, consistency with remedial action for other similar violations, extent of the harm to the Company, the availability of restitution, penalties assessed by regulators and the need for deterrence. 
 
 1 

Anyone with questions about the application of this Policy should consult with and seek the approval of the corporate and securities group in the Law & Corporate Affairs department CorporateSecretary starbucks.com ). 
 
 Definitions. The following definitions are used throughout this Policy 
 
 Covered Companies . Starbucks and any company about which you may gain knowledge of MNPI by virtue of your work with Starbucks. 
 
 Covered Securities . Common stock, preferred stock, bonds, notes, options, warrants, puts, calls, and other equity and debt instruments of any Covered Company. 
 
 Insiders. Members of Starbucks Board of Directors, executive officers, and other Covered Persons designated by the Law & Corporate Affairs department based on their regular access to MNPI. 
 
 Trading . All transfers for value of Covered Securities, including purchases and sales. The term encompasses any actions that are intended either to make a profit or avoid a loss. 
 Trading does not encompass 
 Bona fide gifts of Covered Securities that have been pre-approved by the corporate and securities group in the Law & Corporate Affairs department CorporateSecretary starbucks.com) do not constitute Trades, unless the giver is restricted from Trading in those securities under this Policy and knows that the recipient intends to Trade in the securities while the giver remains restricted. 
 Transfers by will or the laws of descent and distribution or transfers for tax planning purposes in which your beneficial ownership and pecuniary interest in the transferred securities does not change. 
 The simple exercise of a stock option where the exercise price is paid in cash and the stock acquired upon exercise of the stock option is not sold. This is commonly referred to as an exercise and hold transaction. Trading does include cashless exercises of stock options because a cashless exercise involves the sale of stock in the open market to pay the exercise price of the stock option. This Policy also applies to the sale of the underlying security (including any sale of units through a same day cashless exercise of options funded by a broker) or any other market sale for the purpose of generating the cash needed to pay the exercise price of a stock option. 
 The vesting of restricted stock units or the exercise of a tax withholding right pursuant to which you elect to have the Company withhold shares of stock to satisfy tax withholding requirements upon the vesting of any restricted stock units. This Policy does, however, apply to any market sales of restricted stock units. 
 Purchases of Starbucks stock under the Company s employee stock purchase plans, which include the S.I.P. plans for the United States, resulting from periodic contributions to the plans pursuant to the elections made at the time of enrollment in the plans. Trading does include your election to participate in, or increase or decrease the amount of contributions to, an employee stock purchase plan and to sales of Starbucks stock purchased under any employee stock purchase plan. 
 Purchases of Covered Securities under the Company s dividend reinvestment plan (the DRIP resulting from your reinvestment of dividends paid on Covered Securities. Trading does include purchases of Covered Securities resulting from additional contributions you choose to make to the DRIP, your election to participate in the DRIP, or your election to increase your level of participation in the DRIP. This Policy does apply to your sale of any Covered Securities purchased pursuant to the DRIP. 
 
 Material Non-Public Information . There is no bright-line test of what constitutes material non-public information MNPI ). For purposes of this Policy, information is material if there is a reasonable likelihood that an investor would consider the information important in making a decision to buy, sell, or hold a Covered Security. Both positive and negative information can be material, as well as information that forecasts whether an event may or may not occur. Examples of potentially material information include 
 
 Financial and operating results or information, whether historical, actual or forecasts 
 Change of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm 
 Significant new product or business launches or significant pricing changes 
 2 

A pending or prospective merger, acquisition, tender offer, joint venture or an acquisition or disposition of significant assets 
 New major contracts, customers, or the loss of such contracts 
 The sale of significant assets or a significant subsidiary, or a significant asset write-down 
 Changes in senior management or a change in control 
 Significant legal proceedings or regulatory developments 
 Events regarding Starbucks securities e.g., a default on senior securities, the call of a class of securities for redemption, stock repurchase plans, stock splits, changes in dividends, changes to the rights of security holders, or public or private sales of additional securities 
 Potential restatements of the Company s financial statements, changes in auditors, or a notification that the issuer may no longer rely on an audit report and 
 Significant cybersecurity, data privacy, or food safety incidents. 
 
 Information is non-public if it has not been previously disclosed and is not otherwise available to investors generally. Even information that has been reported by the media or is the subject of widespread rumors may still be non-public. Generally, information about Starbucks that is broadly disseminated through a Company press release or other formal financial filing will be considered public after one full trading day (a trading day is a day on which the Nasdaq is open for business), which is typically long enough for that information to be absorbed by the financial markets. Information about other Covered Companies may require a longer period before it can be considered public. 
 
 In communicating MNPI to Covered Persons, all Covered Persons must take care to emphasize the need for confidential treatment of such information and adherence to the Company s policies with regard to confidential information. This includes taking precautions to prevent unauthorized disclosure of MNPI about the Company in accordance with such other policies. Prohibitions and procedures relating to the internal and external dissemination of MNPI are addressed in the Company s Disclosure Policy. 
 
 The Company will provide training programs designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws and this Policy no less than every other year. Participation by partners at the manager level and above in such programs is mandatory. 
 
 If you have questions whether information is MNPI, please contact the corporate and securities group in the Law & Corporate Affairs department CorporateSecretary starbucks.com ). 
 
 Restrictions. All Covered Persons are prohibited from taking the following actions 
 
 Trading in Covered Securities while in possession of MNPI . Covered Persons may not Trade in Covered Securities, including those of Starbucks or any other Covered Company, while they are in possession of MNPI regarding the company. Trading pursuant to a 10b5-1 plan that follows the requirements of the guidelines set forth in the Appendix does not violate this provision of the Policy. 
 Trading in Coffee and Dairy Futures or Options . Covered Persons may not directly or indirectly Trade in coffee or dairy futures, options, or similar instruments for their own accounts when they are in possession of MNPI about Starbucks trading activities in coffee or dairy markets. 
 
 Tipping . Covered Persons may not disclose MNPI relating to Starbucks or any other Covered Company to any other person, except when such other person needs to know such information in order for Starbucks to effectively conduct business and there is no reason to believe that the information will be used for improper Trading or inappropriately disclosed by such person. Under no circumstances may Covered Persons who are in possession of MNPI recommend any action regarding Trades in Covered Securities to any other person. 
 
 Short Sales. Covered Persons may never engage in short sales of Covered Securities or transactions that are profitable only if the market price of the securities declines. Short sales usually involve agreeing to sell securities you do not currently own. These include sales against the box (sales with delayed delivery). For member of the Starbucks Board of 
 3 

Directors and certain Company officers, these sales also violate section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 Publicly Traded Options. Covered Persons may never buy, sell, or hold publicly traded options (such as puts or calls) or other derivatives of Covered Securities on an exchange or in any other organized market. Transaction in options is, in effect, a bet on the short-term movement of a Company s stock and can create the appearance that the Covered Person is Trading based on inside information. 
 Hedging. Covered Persons may never engage in any hedging or monetization transactions, such as zero-cost collars and prepaid variable forward contracts, which involve establishing a short position in Covered Securities and limit or eliminate both the risks and rewards of holding the securities, or any other hedging transactions designed to hedge or off-set decreases in the market value of Covered Securities. These transactions may lead to a misalignment of the interests of Covered Person and the interests of the Company. 
 Long-Duration Standing Orders. Covered Persons may not enter into standing orders regarding Covered Securities with a duration of greater than five days. A standing order placed with a broker to sell or purchase stock at a specified price leaves you with no control over the timing of the transaction, and that transaction may occur when you are prohibited from Trading. 
 Margin Accounts. Covered Persons may never hold Covered Securities in a margin account. Securities held in a margin account may be sold without your consent by the broker if you fail to meet a margin call, and that sale may occur when you are prohibited from Trading. 
 Pledging . Covered Persons may never pledge Covered Securities as collateral for a loan. Securities pledged as collateral for a loan may be sold without your consent by the lender in foreclosure if you default on the loan, and that sale may occur when you are prohibited from Trading. 
 Special Provisions Applicable to Members of the Board of Directors, Executive Officers, and Certain Designated Persons. Certain designated persons are subject to additional restrictions, below 
 Coffee and Dairy Futures or Options 
 Members of the Starbucks Board of Directors, executive officers of the Company, partners in the Company s procurement team for coffee or dairy, and partners who are aware of the Company s purchasing activity of coffee or dairy may never directly or indirectly Trade in coffee or dairy futures, options, or similar instruments for their own account, regardless of whether they are in possession of MNPI regarding Starbucks trading activities in coffee or dairy futures. 
 Pre-Clearance 
 Members of Starbucks Board of Directors and executive officers of the Company, together with their immediate family members, other members of their households, and any other person or entity whose Trading in Covered Securities they influence or control (each, a Preclearance Person ), must follow the pre-clearance procedures established by the general counsel before conducting any Trades in or otherwise transferring the Company s securities, including the making of any gifts or donations of the Company s securities. Neither the Company nor any of the Company s officers, partners, or other representatives, will be deemed, by participating in such pre-clearance procedures, to have provided any legal advice or to have acknowledged for any purpose that the person requesting pre-clearance is not then in possession of any MNPI. 
 Prior to directly or indirectly engaging in, or entering into a 10b5-1 Plan for engaging in, transactions in Covered Securities, each Preclearance Person is required to contact the corporate and securities group in the Law & Corporate Affairs department CorporateSecretary starbucks.com and make an initial determination whether the Company and or such Preclearance Person is in possession of MNPI relating to the Covered Securities. 
 The Preclearance Person will be permitted to proceed with a proposed transaction or entry into a proposed 10b5-1 plan only after (i) the initial determination pursuant to the previous paragraph that no MNPI is possessed, (ii) submitting (at 
 4 

least two days prior to any desired transaction or entry into a proposed 10b5-1 plan) a certification that the Preclearance Person is not in possession of MNPI, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A , and (iii) having their request for pre-clearance approved by the corporate and securities group in the Law & Corporate Affairs department in writing or via e-mail. 
 If a transaction or entry into a 10b5-1 plan is pre-cleared in accordance with this Policy, a Preclearance Person will then have two business days to effect the transaction or enter into the 10b5-1 plan. However, if a Preclearance Person becomes aware of MNPI or becomes subject to a Blackout Period (as discussed below) after receiving pre-clearance, but before the transaction has been executed or the 10b5-1 plan is entered into, that person is prohibited from effecting the pre-cleared transaction or entering into the pre-cleared 10b5-1 plan. 
 The corporate and securities group in the Law & Corporate Affairs department is under no obligation to approve a request under the pre-clearance procedures provided for under this Policy and may determine to reject any request for any reason, even if the proposed transaction or 10b5-1 plan would not violate the federal securities laws or a specific provision of this Policy. The corporate and securities group in the Law & Corporate Affairs department should consult others, as necessary, to gather information relevant to any request under this section of the Policy, and maintain written records of all such requests, including the certification set forth in Exhibit A hereto, and the bases for approving such requests. 
 Blackout Periods 
 
 Insiders will be subject to quarterly earnings blackout periods during which they may not Trade in Starbucks Covered Securities regardless of whether they possess MNPI. These regular earnings blackout periods begin at the end of trading on the Nasdaq on the third Friday prior to the end of each fiscal quarter and end at the end of trading on the Nasdaq on the first trading day after the Company releases its earnings for the quarter, unless extended by the general counsel. 
 
 Additionally, the Company may establish additional blackout periods in view of significant events and developments involving the Company. During those event-specific blackout periods, those persons designated by the Law & Corporate Affairs department to be likely to have MNPI regarding those events may not Trade in Starbucks Covered Securities. 
 
 An Insider who is subject to a quarterly earnings blackout period and who has an extraordinary, unexpected, and urgent need to sell Company stock in order to generate cash may be permitted to sell Starbucks Covered Securities even during the quarterly blackout period if such Insider is not, in fact, in possession of any MNPI regarding the Company. Such a hardship exception may be granted only by the general counsel upon review of the particular facts and circumstances and must be requested at least two days in advance of the proposed Trade. However, even if granted a hardship exception, you cannot Trade if you are in possession of MNPI. Under no circumstance will a hardship exception be granted during an event-specific blackout period or to a member of the Starbucks Board of Directors or executive officer. Neither the Company, nor any of the Company s officers, partners, or other representatives, will be deemed, by participating in such hardship exception procedures, to have provided any legal advice or to have acknowledged for any purpose that the person requesting the hardship exemption does not then possess any MNPI. 
 
 Trading pursuant to a 10b5-1 plan that follows the requirements of the guidelines set forth in the Appendix does not violate this provision of the Policy even if it occurs during a blackout period. 
 
 It is important for all Covered Persons to understand that, while they must follow this Policy with respect to any blackout period, their legal duties arise from the federal securities laws, not the Company s designation of blackout periods. Everyone has a personal obligation not to Trade while in possession of MNPI regardless of whether they are on the blackout list or whether the day on which they wish to Trade falls outside a blackout period. Compliance with the blackout period does not by itself constitute compliance with the law or this Policy. 
 
 Interpretation Amendment 
 
 The Company s chief financial officer and general counsel will have the authority to interpret this Policy. Further, while the Company has endeavored to anticipate likely scenarios and events in crafting this Policy, the Company s chief 
 5 

financial officer or general counsel may make exceptions to this Policy in the context of unanticipated or extraordinary scenarios or events. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may modify or amend this Policy at any time. 
 
 6 

Appendix 
 
 Special Guidelines for 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 Covered Persons may elect to enter into a 10b5-1 trading plan. Trades pursuant to a 10b5-1 trading plan that follows the requirements of this Appendix do not constitute Trading while in possession of MNPI, or Trading during a blackout period, in violation of this Policy. 
 
 The terms amount , price , and date , as used below, are defined in Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act the Rule ). 
 
 A) The transaction must be made pursuant to a written plan (a Plan entered into in good faith that complies with the Rule. The Covered Person must also act in good faith throughout the duration of the Plan. Without limiting the foregoing, each Plan 
 
 1. for directors and Section 16 officers of the Company, is subject to a cooling-off period between the date the Plan is adopted or modified and the first transactions under the Plan. This cooling off period runs through the expiration of a period consisting of the later of (1) 90 days after the Plan is adopted or modified, or (2) two business days following the filing of Starbucks Form 10-Q or Form 10-K for the fiscal quarter in which the Plan was adopted or modified (but not to exceed 120 days following the date the Plan was adopted or modified) (such time period, the D&O Cooling Off Period 
 2. for all other Covered Persons, is subject to a cooling-off period between the date the Plan is adopted or modified and the first transactions under the Plan, which runs through the expiration of a 30-day period after the Plan is adopted or modified (such time period, the Covered Persons Cooling Off Period, and, together with the D&O Cooling Off Period, the Cooling Off Period 
 3. must be established or modified at a time when there is no blackout period, and the Covered Person is not then in possession of any MNPI 
 4. must contain a written certification at the time of establishment or modification that (i) the Covered Person is not aware of MNPI about the Company or its securities, and (ii) that the Covered Person is adopting or modifying the Plan in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of the Rule in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B 
 5. must specify the amount of Covered Securities to be purchased or sold and the price at which and the date on which the Covered Securities are to be purchased or sold (or must include a written formula or algorithm or computer program for determining the amount of securities to be purchased or sold and the price at which and the date on which the securities are to be purchased or sold) granting discretion to the Covered Person s broker or other representative to determine the amount, time, and price of the securities to be purchased or sold (other than discretion in connection with the orderly execution of a limit order) is prohibited 
 6. must prohibit the Covered Person and any other person who is then in possession of MNPI from exercising any subsequent influence over how, when, or whether to effect purchases or sales 
 7. must provide appropriate mechanisms to ensure that the Covered Person complies with all applicable rules and regulations 
 8. must provide for the suspension of all transactions under such Plan in the event the Company, in its sole discretion, deems such suspension necessary and advisable, including suspensions necessary to comply with trading restrictions imposed in connection with any lock-up agreement required in connection with a securities issuance transaction or other similar events and 
 9. must prohibit Trades during the 30 days following the termination (not including expiration) of the Plan. 
 
 You can generally only have one Plan in effect at a time, except as otherwise permitted by Rule 10b5-1. You can adopt a successor Plan if trades under that plan are not scheduled to begin until trades under your predecessor plan are completed or expire without execution however, if you adopt a successor Plan and then terminate your predecessor Plan early, the date of termination of your predecessor Plan will be deemed to be the date of adoption of your successor plan and will trigger a new Cooling Off Period starting from that date. You can generally only adopt 
 7 

one single-trade plan during any 12-month period. In general, a single trade plan is a Plan that is designed to effect an open-market trade of the total amount of securities in a single transaction. 
 In addition, modifications to the amount, price or timing (or to a written formula, algorithm or computer program affecting the amount, price or timing) of the purchase or sale of securities are deemed to be a termination of a plan and adoption of a new plan, and as a result are subject to the timing restrictions described above. 
 
 B) Each Plan, and every modification to, deviation from, or termination of each Plan, must be pre-cleared in advance by the corporate and securities group in the Law & Corporate Affairs department CorporateSecretary starbucks.com ). A copy of the executed version of any pre-cleared Plan must be provided to the corporate and securities group. The Company reserves the right to withhold pre-clearance of any Plan, modification, deviation, or termination that the corporate and securities group determines 
 
 1. fails to comply with the Rule 
 2. exposes the Company or the Insider to liability under any other applicable state or federal rule, regulation, or law 
 3. creates any appearance of impropriety 
 4. fails to meet the guidelines established by the Company or 
 5. otherwise fails to satisfy review by the general counsel or their designees for any reason. 
 
 C) Neither the Company, nor any of the Company s officers, partners, or other representatives, will be deemed, solely by their pre-clearance of a Plan, to have represented that any Plan complies with the Rule or to have assumed any liability or responsibility to the Insider or any other party if such Plan fails to comply with the Rule. 
 
 D) The general counsel is authorized to develop, after the date hereof, further guidelines for individual Plans, or to modify, amend, supplement, delete, or otherwise change these guidelines, as they deem, in their sole discretion, necessary or appropriate in order to further the purpose of these guidelines. 
 
 E) The Company shall disclose information regarding Plans adopted by directors and officers as required by Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K (including your name and title the date of Plan adoption, amendment or termination the duration of the Plan and the aggregate number of securities to be traded under the Plan) and may make a public announcement that Plans are being implemented in accordance with Rule 10b5-1. It will consider in each case whether a public announcement of a particular Plan should be made. It may also make public announcements or respond to inquiries from the media as transactions are made under a Plan. 
 
 SUPPORTING INFORMATION 
 POLICY 
 Global Business Ethics Policy 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DOCUMENTS 
 Trading Calendar for current Fiscal Year 
 FAQs & Other Stock Trading Restrictions 
 8 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21>
 7
 sbux-9292024xexhibit21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF STARBUCKS CORPORATION 
 The list below excludes certain subsidiaries which, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary under SEC rules as of September 29, 2024. 
 Entity Name Organized Under the Laws of Shanghai Starbucks Coffee Enterprise Co., Ltd. China Starbucks Coffee (Cayman) Holdings Ltd. Cayman Islands Starbucks Coffee International, Inc. Washington Starbucks EMEA Holdings Ltd United Kingdom Starbucks International (Holdings) Ltd United Kingdom 
 
 Page 1 of 1 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 8
 sbux-9292024xexhibit23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-65181, 333-94987, 333-37442, 333-70648, 333-101806, 333-123688, 333-142878, 333-167572, 333-174995, 333-191512 and 333-264645 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-267227 on Form S-3 of our reports dated November 20, 2024, relating to the financial statements of Starbucks Corporation, and the effectiveness of Starbucks Corporation's internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Starbucks Corporation for the year ended September 29, 2024. 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Seattle, Washington 
 November 20, 2024 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 sbux-9292024xexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Brian R. Niccol, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2024, of Starbucks Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 20, 2024 
 s Brian R. Niccol 
 Brian R. Niccol 
 chairman and chief executive officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 sbux-9292024xexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Rachel Ruggeri, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2024, of Starbucks Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 20, 2024 
 s Rachel Ruggeri Rachel Ruggeri executive vice president, chief financial officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 11
 sbux-9292024xexhibit32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Starbucks Corporation Starbucks on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 29, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 20, 2024 (the Report ), Brian R. Niccol, chairman and chief executive officer of Starbucks, and Rachel Ruggeri, executive vice president, chief financial officer of Starbucks, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to their knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Starbucks. 
 
 November 20, 2024 
 s Brian R. Niccol 
 Brian R. Niccol 
 chairman and chief executive officer 

November 20, 2024 
 s Rachel Ruggeri Rachel Ruggeri executive vice president, chief financial officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 sbux-20240929.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 sbux-20240929_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 sbux-20240929_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 sbux-20240929_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 sbux-20240929_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

