<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241028_10-K_edgar_data_866787_0001558370-24-013758.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12585707</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>275450</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1928516</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4454702</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2139239</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3442560</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-013758.hdr.sgml : 20241028
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241028165430
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-013758
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241028
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AUTOZONE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000866787
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO & HOME SUPPLY STORES [5531]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				621482048
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10714
		FILM NUMBER:		241401559

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		123 SOUTH FRONT ST
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9014956500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 2198
		STREET 2:		DEPT 8074
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38101-2198

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-013758.txt : 20241028

10-K
 1
 azo-20240831x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) Annual Report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2024 . OR Transition report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from ______ to ______. Commission file number . (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) incorporation or organization) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code : Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on which Registered 0.01 par value) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter periods that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was . The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of October 21, 2024, was . Documents Incorporated By Reference Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days of August 31, 2024, pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held December 18, 2024, are incorporated by reference into Part III. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 4 Item 1. Business 4 Introduction 4 Human Capital Resources 4 Store Operations 6 Commercial 7 Store Development 8 Marketing and Merchandising Strategy 8 Purchasing and Supply Chain 10 Competition 10 Government Relations 10 Trademarks and Patents 10 Seasonality 11 AutoZone Websites 11 Information about our Executive Officers 11 Item 1A. Risk Factors 13 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 22 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 22 Item 2. Properties 24 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 24 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 24 PART II 25 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 25 Item 6. Reserved 26 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 27 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 39 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 41 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 74 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 75 Item 9B. Other Information 75 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 75 PART III 76 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 76 Item 11. Executive Compensation 76 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 76 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 76 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 77 PART IV 78 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 78 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 84 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements herein constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and typically use words such as believe, anticipate, should, intend, plan, will, expect, estimate, project, positioned, strategy, seek, may, could and similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. These statements are based on assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of experience, historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors that we believe appropriate. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including without limitation: product demand, due to changes in fuel prices, miles driven or otherwise; energy prices; weather, including extreme temperatures and natural disasters; competition; credit market conditions; cash flows; access to financing on favorable terms; future stock repurchases; the impact of recessionary conditions; consumer debt levels; changes in laws or regulations; risks associated with self-insurance; war and the prospect of war, including terrorist activity; public health issues; inflation, including wage inflation; exchange rates; the ability to hire, train and retain qualified employees, including members of management; construction delays; failure or interruption of our information technology systems; issues relating to the confidentiality, integrity or availability of information, including due to cyber-attacks; historic growth rate sustainability; downgrade of our credit ratings; damage to our reputation; challenges associated with doing business in and expanding into international markets; origin and raw material costs of suppliers; inventory availability; disruption in our supply chain; tariffs; new accounting standards; our ability to execute our growth initiatives; and other business interruptions. These and other risks and uncertainties could materially and adversely affect our business and are discussed in more detail in the Risk Factors section contained in Item 1A under Part 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2024 . Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. Events described above and in the Risk Factors section could materially and adversely affect our business. However, it is not possible to identify or predict all such risks and other factors that could affect these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. Except as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise . 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business Introduction AutoZone, Inc. AutoZone, the Company, we, our or us is the leading retailer and distributor of automotive replacement parts and accessories in the Americas. We began operations in 1979 and at August 31, 2024, operated 6,432 stores in the United States U.S. ), 794 stores in Mexico and 127 stores in Brazil. Each store carries an extensive product line for cars, sport utility vehicles, vans and light duty trucks, including new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products. At August 31, 2024, in 5,898 of our domestic stores as well as the vast majority of our stores in Mexico and Brazil, we had a commercial sales program that provides prompt delivery of parts and other products and commercial credit to local, regional and national repair garages, dealers, service stations, fleet owners and other accounts. We also sell automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products through www.autozone.com, and our commercial customers can make purchases through www.autozonepro.com. Additionally, we sell the ALLDATA brand of automotive diagnostic, repair, collision and shop management software through www.alldata.com. We also provide product information on our Duralast branded products through www.duralastparts.com. We do not derive revenue from automotive repair or installation services. Our websites and the information contained therein or linked thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this report. Human Capital Resources We believe the foundation of our success is our culture, which is rooted in our Pledge and Values and defines how our employees AutoZoners take care of customers and fellow AutoZoners. Each AutoZoner works hard to Live the Pledge, share their passion for WOW! Customer Service and Go the Extra Mile every day to continue building and growing AutoZone for our customers. We seek to be the employer of choice as we compete for talent in our retail stores, field supervision, distribution centers, and store support functions. We focus heavily on retention by offering competitive compensation and benefits packages, extensive training and development opportunities and by leveraging our business resource groups BRGs to support AutoZoners across the organization contribute their voices, time, and talent to helping other AutoZoners succeed in their careers. As of August 31, 2024, we employed approximately 126,000 AutoZoners, approximately 60 percent of whom were employed full-time and the remaining 40 percent were employed part-time. About 90 percent of our AutoZoners were employed in stores or in direct field supervision, approximately 6 percent in distribution centers and approximately 4 percent in store support and other functions. Included in the above numbers are approximately 17,500 AutoZoners employed in our international operations. We have never experienced any material labor disruption, do not have any collective bargaining agreements in the U.S. and believe that relations with our AutoZoners are good. Training Development We have a number of different types of jobs and career opportunities. While many of our AutoZoners follow more traditional career paths (e.g., part-time to full-time sales, store manager, district manager, regional manager, vice president), we encourage cross-functional development and support of AutoZoners as they expand their career into other departments and fields of interest within the Company. Many members of our senior leadership team have held positions in multiple areas of the business. We also invest in advanced leadership training to deepen our bench strength and support succession planning. For additional information, see Store Operations Store Personnel Training and Incentives below. We believe these opportunities are important to attract, motivate and retain high quality AutoZoners. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 Recognition The AutoZone Pledge and Values drive our success and foster a strong, unique culture of teamwork and customer service. We encourage the recognition of AutoZoners for a variety of accomplishments, such as going above and beyond to deliver Trustworthy Advice and WOW! Customer Service, taking initiative to prevent incidents and injuries, making contributions to help detect or report internal or external theft or providing significant service to help others. Whether they work in our stores, distribution centers, support centers or travel to support our customers and business, we believe AutoZoners everywhere should be recognized for their efforts and outstanding performance. We also recognize AutoZoners for their years of service to the organization and our customers. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion DEI Embraces Diversity is one of our Values, and we believe a diverse workforce has made meaningful contributions to our success. Our DEI efforts influence and inform many parts of our human capital management efforts including talent acquisition, retention, professional development and workforce management. Our first BRG was established in 2014 (AutoZone Women s Initiative). Since then, five other BRGs now exist to help AutoZoners across the organization grow and succeed in their careers. The BRGs are open to all AutoZoners. Health and Safety We are committed to providing a safe working and shopping environment for our AutoZoners and customers. Aligned with our values, we strive to continually monitor our working and shopping environment to keep our AutoZoners and customers as safe as possible. Additional information about our human capital resources can be found in our most recent Environmental, Social Governance ESG Report, which is available on our website. Our ESG Report is not, and will not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference into this or any of our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission the SEC ). 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 Store Operations At August 31, 2024 our stores were in the following locations: 

Store Count Alabama 124 Alaska 8 Arizona 172 Arkansas 75 California 670 Colorado 102 Connecticut 59 Delaware 22 Florida 441 Georgia 217 Hawaii 12 Idaho 33 Illinois 249 Indiana 165 Iowa 37 Kansas 56 Kentucky 107 Louisiana 134 Maine 14 Maryland 97 Massachusetts 90 Michigan 223 Minnesota 68 Mississippi 99 Missouri 123 Montana 15 Nebraska 25 Nevada 73 New Hampshire 23 New Jersey 127 New Mexico 64 New York 224 North Carolina 244 North Dakota 7 Ohio 289 Oklahoma 90 Oregon 58 Pennsylvania 241 Puerto Rico 56 Rhode Island 19 Saint Thomas 1 South Carolina 108 South Dakota 10 Tennessee 184 Texas 709 Utah 72 Vermont 2 Virginia 156 Washington 100 Washington, DC 5 West Virginia 45 Wisconsin 79 Wyoming 9 Total Domestic stores 6,432 Mexico 794 Brazil 127 Total stores 7,353 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 Store Formats Substantially all stores are based on standard store formats, resulting in generally consistent appearance, merchandising and product mix with approximately 90 to 99 of each store s square footage used as selling space. Most of our stores carry approximately 20,000 to 25,000 unique SKUs with 40 to 50 of the space dedicated to hard parts inventory. Hub stores carry approximately 40,000 to 50,000 unique SKUs and mega hub stores carry approximately 80,000 to 110,000 unique SKUs with 70 to 85 of their space utilized for hard parts. The hard parts inventory area is generally fronted by counters or pods that run the depth or length of the store, dividing the hard parts area from the remainder of the store. The remaining selling space contains displays of maintenance, accessories and non-automotive items. Stores are replenished primarily by the nearest distribution center but also typically have same-day access to one of our 327 domestic and 46 international hub stores expanded inventory assortment. As a subset of our domestic hub stores, we ended fiscal 2024 with 109 mega hub stores, an increase of 11 since the end of fiscal 2023. Additionally, we have three mega hub stores in Mexico. Hub and mega hub stores work in concert with other stores to drive customer satisfaction through improved local parts availability and expanded product assortments. Store Personnel Training and Incentives We provide on-the-job training as well as formal training programs, including an annual national sales meeting with related cascading meetings at our distribution centers, regional offices and stores; store meetings on specific sales and product topics; standardized computer-based training to support culture, safety, salesmanship, compliance and product and job knowledge; and several specialist, vendor and third-party programs to support learning and development in areas requiring technical expertise and specific job knowledge. All domestic AutoZoners are encouraged to complete our in-house product knowledge program and Parts Expert certification, which is developed in partnership with our key suppliers. Training is supplemented with frequent store visits by management. Additionally, store managers, commercial sales managers and managers at various levels across the organization receive financial incentives through performance-based bonuses. Store Support Centers All store support functions are centralized in our store support centers located in Memphis, Tennessee; Monterrey, Mexico; Chihuahua, Mexico; Sao Paulo, Brazil; and Gurugram, India. We believe that this centralization enhances consistent execution of our merchandising and marketing strategies at the store level, while reducing expenses and cost of sales. In addition, we have offices in Shanghai, China and Istanbul, Turkey that provide sourcing or other support functions. Store Automation All of our stores have Z-net, our proprietary electronic catalog that enables our AutoZoners to efficiently look up the parts that our customers need and provide complete job solutions, advice and information for customer vehicles. Z-net provides parts information based on year, make, model and engine type of a vehicle and also tracks inventory availability at the store, at other nearby stores and through special order. The Z-net display screens are placed on the hard parts counter or pods, where both the AutoZoner and customer can view the screen. Our stores utilize our computerized proprietary Point-of-Sale System, which includes bar code scanning and point-of-sale data collection terminals. Our proprietary Store Management System provides administrative assistance, as well as enhanced merchandising information and improved inventory control. We believe the Point-of-Sale System also enhances customer service, while the Store Management System provides simplified warranty and product return procedures. Commercial Our commercial sales program operates in a highly fragmented market, and we are a leading distributor of automotive parts and other products to local, regional and national repair garages, dealers, service stations, fleet owners and other accounts in the Americas. As part of our program, we offer credit and delivery to our customers, as well as online ordering through www.autozonepro.com or through the AutoZone Pro mobile application. Through our hub and mega hub stores, we offer a greater range than our satellite stores of parts and products desired by 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 professional technicians. We have dedicated sales teams focused on independent repair shops as well as national, regional and fleet commercial accounts. Store Development The following table reflects our store development during the past five fiscal years: 

Fiscal Year 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Stores: Beginning 7,140 6,943 6,767 6,549 6,411 New 217 198 177 219 138 Closed 4 1 1 1 Net new 213 197 176 218 138 Relocated 6 12 13 12 5 Ending 7,353 7,140 6,943 6,767 6,549 We believe expansion opportunities exist in markets we do not currently serve, as well as in markets where we can achieve a larger presence. We undertake substantial research prior to entering new markets. The most important criteria for opening a new store are the projected future profitability and the ability to achieve our required investment hurdle rate. Key factors in selecting new site and market locations for stores include population, demographics, vehicle profile, customer buying trends, commercial businesses, number and strength of competitors stores and the cost of real estate. In reviewing the vehicle profile, we also consider the number of vehicles that are seven years old and older, or our kind of vehicles these vehicles are generally no longer under the original manufacturers warranties and require more maintenance and repair than newer vehicles. We seek to open new stores in high visibility sites in high traffic locations within or contiguous to existing market areas and attempt to cluster development in markets in a relatively short period of time. We believe our stores are destination stores, generating their own traffic, therefore we situate most stores on major thoroughfares with easy access and good parking. In addition to continuing to lease or develop our own locations, we evaluate and may make strategic acquisitions. Marketing and Merchandising Strategy We are dedicated to providing customers with superior service and trustworthy advice as well as quality automotive parts and products at a great value in our conveniently located, well-designed stores and through our online platforms. Key elements of this strategy are: Customer Service Customer service is the most important element in our marketing and merchandising strategy, which is based upon consumer marketing research. We emphasize that our AutoZoners should always put customers first by providing prompt, courteous service and trustworthy advice. Our electronic parts catalog assists in the selection of parts as well as identifying any associated warranties offered by us or our vendors. In addition to our in-store offerings, we sell our full suite of automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive parts through www.autozone.com, for pick-up in store or to be shipped directly to a customer s home or business, with next day or same day delivery programs in most of our U.S. markets. Additionally, we offer a mobile application that provides customers with store locations, driving directions, operating hours, product availability, the ability to purchase products and other information. We also provide access to specialty tools as one of our free services. Through our Loan-A-Tool program customers can borrow a specialty tool, such as a steering wheel puller, for which a do-it-yourself DIY customer or a repair shop would have little or no subsequent use beyond a single job. AutoZoners also provide free diagnostic and related services, including check engine and anti-lock braking system light readings through our AutoZone Fix Finder service, testing of starters, alternators and batteries, battery charging and the collection of used oil for recycling. 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 Merchandising The following tables show some of the types of products we sell by major category of items: 

Failure Maintenance Discretionary A/C Compressors Batteries Accessories Bearings Belts Hoses Calipers Chassis Clutches CV Axles Engines Fuel Pumps Fuses Ignition Lighting Mufflers Radiators Starters Alternators Thermostats Tire Repair Water Pumps Antifreeze Windshield Washer Fluid Brake Drums, Rotors, Shoes Pads Chemicals, including Brake Power Steering Fluid, Oil Fuel Additives Oil Transmission Fluid Oil, Cabin, Air, Fuel Transmission Filters Oxygen Sensors Paint Accessories Refrigerant Accessories Shock Absorbers Struts Spark Plugs Wires Windshield Wipers Air Fresheners Cell Phone Accessories Drinks Snacks Floor Mats Seat Covers Interior Exterior Accessories Mirrors Performance Products Protectants Cleaners Sealants Adhesives Steering Wheel Covers Tools Towing Vehicle Entertainment Systems Wash Wax We believe customer satisfaction is often impacted by our ability to promptly provide specific automotive products as requested. Each store carries the same basic products, but we tailor our hard parts inventory to the makes and models of the vehicles in each store s trade area and tailor the remaining store s assortment to the local demographics. Our hub stores (including mega hub stores, which carry an even broader assortment) carry a larger assortment of products that are available to customers of the surrounding local stores. We are continuously updating the products we offer to ensure our inventory matches the products our customers need or desire. Pricing We want to be the value leader in our industry, by consistently providing quality merchandise at the right price, backed by a satisfactory warranty and outstanding customer service. For many of our products, we offer multiple value choices in a good/better/best assortment, with appropriate price and quality differences from the good products to the better and best products. A key differentiating component versus our competitors is our exclusive line of in-house brands, which includes Duralast and the family of Duralast brands, Econocraft, ProElite, ShopPro, SureBilt, TotalPro, TruGrade and Valucraft. We believe that our overall value compares favorably to that of our competitors. Brand Marketing: Marketing and Loyalty We believe that targeted advertising and promotions play important roles in succeeding in today s environment. We are constantly working to understand our customers wants and needs so we can build long-lasting, loyal relationships. We utilize advertising, direct marketing, loyalty programs and promotions primarily to highlight our great value, the availability of high quality parts and develop a relationship with an expanding base of customers. Digital and broadcast media are our primary advertising methods of driving retail traffic, while we leverage a dedicated sales force and our ProVantage loyalty program to drive commercial sales. Store Design, Visual Merchandising and Promotional Execution We design and build stores for high visual impact. The typical store utilizes colorful exterior and interior signage, exposed beams and ductwork, finished floors and brightly lit interiors. Batteries, maintenance products, accessories and non-automotive items are attractively displayed for easy browsing by customers. In-store signage and special displays promote products on floor displays, end caps and shelves. We utilize in-store signage, creative product placement and promotions to help educate customers about products that they may need. 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 Purchasing and Supply Chain Merchandise is selected and purchased for all stores through our store support centers located in Memphis, Tennessee; Monterrey, Mexico; Sao Paulo, Brazil and Gurugram, India. Additionally, we have offices in Shanghai, China and Istanbul, Turkey to support our global sourcing efforts. In fiscal 2024, one class of similar products accounted for approximately 15 percent of our total revenues and one individual vendor provided 12 percent of our total purchases. No other class of similar products accounted for 10 percent or more of our total revenues, and no other individual vendor provided more than 10 percent of our total purchases. We believe alternative sources of supply exist, at similar costs, for most types of product sold. Most of our merchandise flows through our distribution centers to our stores by our fleet of tractors and trailers or by third-party transportation firms. The distribution centers replenish our stores up to multiple times per week depending on store sales volumes. Competition The sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive. AutoZone competes on the basis of customer service, including the knowledge and expertise of our AutoZoners and our ability to provide prompt delivery to commercial customers; merchandise quality, selection and availability; product warranty; store layouts, location and convenience; price; and the strength of our AutoZone brand name, trademarks and service marks. Our competitors include national, regional and local auto parts chains, independently owned parts stores, online automotive parts stores or marketplaces, wholesale distributors, jobbers, repair shops, car washes and auto dealers, in addition to discount and mass merchandise stores, hardware stores, supermarkets, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores and other retailers that sell aftermarket vehicle parts and supplies, chemicals, accessories and tools. Government Relations We are subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws and regulations, many of which are complex, frequently changing and subject to varying interpretations. These laws and regulations relate to, among other things, the marketing and sale of products; proper handling and disposal of hazardous materials, particularly in connection with our used oil, oil filter and battery recycling programs; occupational health and safety; environmental matters; labor and employment; employee wages and benefits; information security and data privacy; real property; financial reporting and disclosure; antitrust and fair competition; international trade and transportation, logistics and delivery operations. While compliance with the numerous laws and regulations applicable to our business, including environmental regulations, has not had a material adverse effect on capital expenditures, earnings or our competitive position to date, we can make no assurances as to the future costs of compliance. For more information, see the Risk Factors titled Legal and Regulatory Risks and Information Technology, Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Risks in Part I. Item 1A, Risk Factors in this report. Trademarks and Patents We regard our trademarks, service marks, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets and other intellectual property as critical to our success and important components of our marketing and merchandising strategies. We have registered several trademarks and service marks in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as well as in certain other countries, including without limitation: AutoZone, Get in the Zone, Duralast, Econocraft, ProElite, ShopPro, SureBilt, TotalPro, TruGrade, Valucraft, and ALLDATA, along with variations of these trademarks. Our trademark registrations have various expiration dates; however, assuming that the trademarks are properly maintained and in use, such registrations may typically be renewed indefinitely. 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 Seasonality Our business is somewhat seasonal in nature, with the highest sales typically occurring in the spring and summer months of February through September, and the lowest sales in the months of December and January. During short periods of time, a store s sales can be affected by weather conditions. Extremely hot or extremely cold weather may enhance sales by causing parts to fail; thereby increasing sales of seasonal products. Mild or rainy weather tends to soften sales, as parts failure rates are lower in mild weather and elective maintenance is deferred during periods of rainy weather. Over the longer term, we believe the effects of weather balance out, as we have stores throughout the Americas. AutoZone Websites Our primary website is www.autozone.com. We make available on the Investor Relations section of our website, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, registration statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably feasible after filing or furnishing such documents with the SEC. Our websites and the information contained therein or linked thereto are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Information about our Executive Officers The following list describes our executive officers, who are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The title of each executive officer includes the words Customer Satisfaction which reflects our commitment to customer service. William C. Rhodes, III, 59 Executive Chairman, Customer Satisfaction William C. Rhodes, III was appointed Executive Chairman by the Board of Directors in January 2024 and has been Chairman since 2007. Prior to that, Mr. Rhodes served as AutoZone s President and Chief Executive Officer, and a director since 2005. Prior to his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Rhodes served in various capacities within the Company since 1994. Prior to 1994, Mr. Rhodes was a manager with Ernst Young LLP. Philip B. Daniele III, 55 President and Chief Executive Officer, Customer Satisfaction Philip B. Daniele III was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and was also appointed to serve on the Board in January 2024. Prior to his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Daniele was named CEO-Elect in June 2023. Prior to that, Mr. Daniele served as Executive Vice President Merchandising, Marketing and Supply Chain from June 2021 to September 2023, Senior Vice President Commercial from 2015 to 2021, Vice President Commercial Support from 2013 to 2015 and Vice President Merchandising from 2008 to 2013. Mr. Daniele was also a Divisional Vice President Store Operations from 2005 to 2008. Prior to 2005, Mr. Daniele held several other key management positions with the Company. Jamere Jackson, 55 Chief Financial Officer, Customer Satisfaction Jamere Jackson was named Chief Financial Officer in September 2020 and, in that capacity, leads the Finance and Store Development teams . Prior to joining AutoZone, Mr. Jackson served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc., a worldwide rental company, since 2018. From 2014 to 2018, Mr. Jackson served as Chief Financial Officer of Nielsen Holdings plc, an information, data and measurement company. Prior to 2014, Mr. Jackson held a variety of leadership roles at General Electric Company, including Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of a division of General Electric Oil and Gas. Mr. Jackson serves on the Board of Directors for Eli Lilly Co. Thomas B. Newbern, 62 Chief Operating Officer, Customer Satisfaction Thomas B. Newbern was named Chief Operating Officer in September 2023. Since March 2023, Mr. Newbern served as Executive Vice President Operations, Sales and Technology. From 2015 to March 2023, Mr. Newbern served as Executive Vice President overseeing Store Operations, Commercial, International, Information Technology, Loss Prevention and ALLDATA in different capacities. From 2007 to 2015, Mr. Newbern served as 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 Senior Vice President Store Operations, with additional oversight of Loss Prevention and Store Development. From 1998 to 2007, Mr. Newbern was Divisional Vice President Store Operations. Mr. Newbern began his career with AutoZone in 1985. William R. Hackney, 59 Executive Vice President Merchandising, Marketing and Supply Chain, Customer Satisfaction William R. Hackney was named Executive Vice President Merchandising, Marketing and Supply Chain in September 2023. Prior to that, Mr. Hackney served as Senior Vice President Merchandising, since rejoining the Company in October 2022 after a brief retirement. Mr. Hackney s career with AutoZone began in 1983, and he has held several key management roles within the Company, including Senior Vice President Merchandising, Vice President Store Operations Support and Vice President Merchandising. Jennifer M. Bedsole, 53 Senior Vice President, General Counsel Secretary, Customer Satisfaction Jenna M. Bedsole was named Senior Vice President, General Counsel Secretary in April 2023. Prior to joining AutoZone, Ms. Bedsole was a partner with the law firm of Baker, Donelson, Bearman, Caldwell and Berkowitz P.C. since 2011, where she chaired the Labor and Employment practice group. K. Michelle Borninkhof, 50 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, Customer Satisfaction K. Michelle Borninkhof was named Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer in April 2021. Prior to joining AutoZone, Ms. Borninkhof was Chief Information Officer and Vice President for U.S. Technology at McDonald s since 2018. Prior to joining McDonald s, Ms. Borninkhof spent 11 years with Walmart Stores holding various leadership roles including Vice President International Technology Delivery. Throughout her career, Ms. Borninkhof held various roles in store retail, distribution center operations and process improvement. Eric S. Gould, 55 Senior Vice President Supply Chain, Customer Satisfaction Eric S. Gould was named Senior Vice President Supply Chain in February 2021. From 2017 to 2021, Mr. Gould served as Vice President Supply Chain Replenishment. Prior to that, Mr. Gould held several key management positions with the Company, including Vice President Commercial, Commercial Support and Merchandising Pricing Analysis. Domingo J. Hurtado, 63 Senior Vice President International, Customer Satisfaction Domingo J. Hurtado Rodr guez was named Senior Vice President International in September 2018. Prior to that, Mr. Hurtado was President AutoZone de M xico. Mr. Hurtado has served in various capacities within the Company since 2001, which included leading the Company s expansion in Mexico. Prior to 2001, Mr. Hurtado held different positions with RadioShack including Director General in Mexico and General Manager in Venezuela. Kenneth E. Jaycox, 56 Senior Vice President Commercial, Customer Satisfaction Kenneth E. Jaycox was named Senior Vice President Commercial in July 2024. From 2020 to 2024, Mr. Jaycox served as Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer for United States Steel Corporation where he was responsible for their commercial functions, customer value creation, pricing and revenue growth. Prior to that, Mr. Jaycox served as Vice President of Transformation at Sysco Corporation, where he led numerous sales, digital transformation and supply chain initiatives. Lindsay W. Lehman, 46 Senior Vice President Marketing, Customer Satisfaction Lindsay Lehman was named Senior Vice President Marketing in November 2023, where she leads the Marketing and E-commerce teams. Prior to that, Ms. Lehman held the role of Vice President Marketing for AutoZone. Prior to joining AutoZone in 2020, Ms. Lehman served as Senior Vice President, Marketing at Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, where she was responsible for global marketing, digital and analytics functions. Ms. Lehman previously held roles of increasing responsibility at Kraft Foods, Hearst Corporation and Goldman Sachs. 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 Dennis W. LeRiche, 56 Senior Vice President Store Operations, Customer Satisfaction Dennis W. LeRiche was named Senior Vice President Store Operations in June 2021. From 2015 to 2021, Mr. LeRiche was a Divisional Vice President Store Operations. Prior to 2015, Mr. LeRiche held several other key management positions with the Company. Richard C. Smith, 60 Senior Vice President Human Resources, Customer Satisfaction Richard C. Smith was named Senior Vice President Human Resources in December 2015. Mr. Smith has been an AutoZoner since 1985, previously holding the position of Divisional Vice President Store Operations since 1997. Prior to that, Mr. Smith served in various key positions within the Company. Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. The risks and uncertainties described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and stock price. The following information should be read in conjunction with the other information contained in this report and other filings that we make with the SEC. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. Our business could also be materially affected by additional factors that are presently unknown to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial to our business. Strategic and Operational Risks If demand for our products slows, then our business may be materially adversely affected. Demand for the products we sell may be affected by a number of factors we cannot control, including: 
 the number of older vehicles in service. Vehicles seven years old or older are generally no longer under the original vehicle manufacturers warranties and tend to need more maintenance and repair than newer vehicles. the number of miles vehicles are driven. Higher vehicle mileage increases the need for maintenance and repair. Mileage levels may be affected by gas prices, ride sharing, weather conditions, and other factors. rising fuel and energy prices. Increases in fuel and energy prices may cause our customers to defer purchases of certain of our products as they use a higher percentage of their income to pay for fuel and other energy costs and may drive their vehicles less, resulting in less wear and tear and lower demand for repairs and maintenance. the economy. In periods of declining economic conditions, including as a result of inflation, high levels of consumer debt, and/or high interest rates, consumers may reduce their discretionary spending by deferring vehicle maintenance or repair. Additionally, such conditions may affect our customers ability to obtain credit. During periods of expansionary economic conditions, more of our DIY customers may pay others to repair and maintain their vehicles instead of working on their own vehicles, or they may purchase new vehicles. the weather. Milder weather conditions may lower the failure rates of automotive parts, while extremely hot or cold conditions may enhance demand for our products due to increased failure rates of our customers automotive parts. However, extended periods of rain and winter precipitation may adversely impact store traffic, decreasing sales, or may cause our customers to defer maintenance and repair on their vehicles. Additionally, climate changes can create more variability in the short-term or lead to other weather conditions that could impact our business. technological advances. Advances in automotive technology, such as improved parts design, can result in cars needing maintenance less frequently and parts lasting longer. prevalence of electric vehicles. Increased prevalence of electric vehicles, whether due to changes in consumer preferences or regulatory actions incentivizing the purchase of electric vehicles, can result in less frequent parts failures and reduced need for parts. the quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle manufacturers and the length of the warranties or maintenance offered on new vehicles. 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 restrictions on access to telematics and diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulation. These restrictions may cause vehicle owners to rely on dealers to perform maintenance and repairs. These factors could result in a decline in the demand for our products, which could materially adversely affect our business and overall financial condition. If we are unable to compete successfully against other businesses that sell the products that we sell, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline. The sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive. See Item 1. Business above for additional information regarding our competitive environment. Although we believe we compete effectively, our competitors may have greater financial resources allowing them to invest more in their business, greater sourcing capabilities allowing them to sell merchandise at lower prices, larger stores with more merchandise, longer operating histories with deeper customer relationships, more frequent customer visits, more effective advertising and more successful utilization of data analytics, artificial intelligence and other new and emerging technologies. Online and multi-channel retailers often have lower operating costs and focus on delivery services, thereby offering customers faster, guaranteed delivery times and low-price or free shipping. In addition, because our business strategy is based on offering superior levels of customer service to complement the products we offer, our cost structure is higher than some of our competitors, which also puts pressure on our margins. With the increasing use of digital tools, our customers often begin their shopping experience online and are quickly able to compare prices, product assortment, product availability and feedback from other customers before purchasing products. We may be unable to differentiate ourselves or unable to anticipate and adapt to new or enhanced digital experiences offered by other retailers. If we are unable to continue to manage in-stock inventory and costs, provide competitive delivery options, develop successful competitive strategies, including the maintenance of effective promotions, advertising and loyalty programs, develop and execute effective digital and omni-channel strategies or otherwise compete effectively, or if our competitors develop more effective strategies, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline. We may not be able to sustain our historic rate of sales growth. We have increased annual revenues in the past five fiscal years from 11.9 billion in fiscal 2019 to 18.5 billion in fiscal 2024, with a compounded annual growth rate of approximately nine percent. Annual revenue growth is driven by increases in same store sales, the opening of new stores and the development of new commercial programs. Same store sales are impacted both by customer demand levels and by the prices we are able to charge for our products, which can also be negatively impacted by economic pressures. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further discussion of same store sales. Our ability to grow depends in part on new store openings, existing store remodels and expansions and effective utilization of our existing supply chain and hub network. We have increased our store count in the past five fiscal years, growing from 6,411 stores at August 31, 2019 to 7,353 stores at August 31, 2024, a compounded annual growth rate of approximately three percent. Achieving our store development and expansion goals will depend upon our ability to identify and obtain suitable sites for new and expanded stores in a timely manner and at acceptable costs, the hiring and training of qualified personnel and the integration of new stores into existing operations, among other factors. Furthermore, we open new stores only after evaluating customer buying trends and market demand/needs, all of which could be adversely affected by persistent unemployment, wage cuts, small business failures, microeconomic conditions unique to the automotive industry and our ability to expand into international markets. There can be no assurance we will be able 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 to achieve our store expansion goals, manage our growth effectively, successfully integrate the planned new stores into our operations or operate our new, remodeled and expanded stores profitably. If we cannot profitably increase our market share in the commercial auto parts business, our sales growth may be limited. Although we are a leading distributor of automotive parts and other products in the commercial market, we must effectively compete against national, regional and local auto parts chains, independently owned parts stores, wholesalers, jobbers, repair shops, auto dealers, online retailers and others in order to increase our commercial market share. Although we believe we compete effectively in the commercial market on the basis of customer service, merchandise quality, selection and availability, price, delivery times, product warranty, distribution locations and the strength of our AutoZone brand, trademarks and service marks, some automotive aftermarket participants have been in business for substantially longer periods of time than we have, and as a result have developed long-term customer relationships, an experienced sales organization, considerable market presence and have large available inventories. If we are unable to profitably grow our sales with existing commercial customers, our sales growth may be limited. Our business depends upon hiring, training and retaining qualified employees, including members of management and other key personnel. We believe much of our brand value lies in the quality of the approximately 126,000 AutoZoners employed in our stores, distribution centers, store support centers and ALLDATA. Our workforce costs represent our largest operating expense, and our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including market pressures with respect to prevailing wage rates and unemployment levels. Our business is also subject to employment laws and regulations, including those related to minimum wage, benefits and scheduling requirements, and these laws are subject to change over time. In addition, the implementation of potential regulatory changes relating to overtime exemptions and benefits for certain employees under federal and state laws could result in increased labor costs to our business and negatively impact our operating results. We compete with other retail businesses for many of our associates in hourly positions, and these positions have historically had high turnover rates, which can lead to increased training and retention costs, particularly in a competitive labor market. We cannot be assured that we can continue to hire, train and retain qualified employees at current wage rates since we operate in a competitive labor market, and there are currently significant inflationary and other pressures on wages. In the U.S., over the last few years there has been an increase in workers exercising their right to form or join a union, both generally and in the retail industry. Further, the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) has issued decisions making it easier for employees to organize. Although none of our domestic employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, there can be no assurance that our domestic employees will not elect to be represented by labor unions in the future. If a significant portion of our work force were to become unionized, our culture and operating model could be challenged by inserting a third party into our current relationships between our leaders and hourly AutoZoners. Further, our labor costs could increase, and our business could be negatively affected by other requirements and expectations that could change our company culture, decrease our flexibility and disrupt our business. Further, our responses to any union organizing efforts could negatively impact how our brand is perceived by customers and AutoZoners and have material adverse effects on our business and financial results. If we are unable to hire, properly train and retain qualified AutoZoners, we could experience higher employment costs, reduced sales, losses of customers and diminution of our brand or company culture, which could adversely affect our earnings. If we do not maintain competitive wages or benefit packages, our customer service could suffer from any resultant declining quality of our workforce, or, alternatively, our earnings could decrease if we increase our wage rates and resultant labor costs. A violation or change in employment and labor laws (including changes in existing employment benefit programs such as health insurance) could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 Our future success depends on the skills and experience of our management and other key personnel. The unexpected loss of the services of any such persons could materially adversely affect our operations. There can be no assurance that our succession planning, retention or hiring efforts will be successful. Failure to attract and retain qualified personnel in key roles could materially adversely affect our operations. Inability to acquire and provide quality merchandise at competitive prices could materially adversely affect our sales and results of operations. We are dependent upon our domestic and international vendors continuing to supply us with quality merchandise at competitive prices and payment terms. If our merchandise offerings do not meet our customers expectations, or our customers have a negative perception of our merchandise regarding quality, innovation and safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs and exposure to legal and reputational risk. In those circumstances, it may be difficult and costly for us to rebuild our reputation and regain the confidence of our customers. All of our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety and quality standards. Events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to government enforcement action or private litigation, result in costly product recalls and other liabilities and lead to reputational harm and loss of customer confidence. To the extent our suppliers are subject to added government regulation of their product design and/or manufacturing processes, the cost of the merchandise we purchase may rise. Furthermore, our vendors are impacted by global economic conditions which in turn impact our ability to source merchandise at competitive prices. For example, inflation, rising interest rates and disruption to the global supply chain have negatively impacted costs and inventory availability and may continue to have a negative impact on future results and profitability. Credit market and other macroeconomic conditions could also have a material adverse effect on the ability of our global and domestic suppliers to finance and operate their businesses. If any of our significant vendors experience financial difficulties or business disruptions or are otherwise unable to deliver merchandise to us on a timely basis, or at all, we could have product shortages in our stores that could adversely affect customers perceptions of us and cause us to lose customers and sales. We are subject to risks associated with products sourced outside the U.S. We directly imported approximately 13 of our purchases in fiscal 2024, but many of our domestic vendors directly import their products or components of their products. Changes to the price or flow of these goods for any reason, such as civil unrest or acts of war, currency fluctuations, disruptions in maritime lanes, port labor disputes and other issues, economic conditions and instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers failure to meet our standards, issues with labor practices of our suppliers or labor problems they may experience (such as strikes, stoppages or slowdowns, which could also increase labor costs during and following the disruption), the availability and cost of raw materials to suppliers, increased import duties or tariffs, merchandise quality or safety issues, shipping and transport availability and cost, increases in wage rates and taxes, transport security, foreign trade policies, trade sanctions, import limitations on certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located or from which they import, often are beyond our control and could adversely affect our operations and profitability. Furthermore, these risks may be amplified if we are unable to diversify our supply chain or rely too heavily on a single country to source our or our vendors products. These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could materially adversely affect our business and financial performance. As we or our domestic vendors increase the importation of merchandise or components from foreign vendors, these risks are likely to increase. 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 Disruptions in our supply chain and other factors affecting the distribution of our merchandise could adversely impact our business. A disruption to our supply chain or distribution network could adversely affect our ability to receive and distribute inventory in a timely manner, which could result in low inventory availability, lost sales, increased supply chain costs and loss of customer loyalty, among other things. Such disruptions may result from damage or destruction of our distribution centers, our ability to attract and retain qualified drivers, costs associated with maintaining or operating our fleet or macroeconomic conditions impacting the broader logistics or supply chain industry at large. For example, in recent years, ports, rails and domestic long-hauls in the U.S. and elsewhere have been negatively impacted by capacity constraints, congestion and delays, periodic labor disputes, security issues, weather-related events, and natural disasters, which were further exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors beyond our control. Our business and competitive position may be negatively impacted if we are unable to successfully mitigate the impacts of such disruption to our supply chain or if we are unable to manage such disruptions more effectively than our competitors. In addition, we have made, and plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain, such as the construction of multiple new distribution centers and the execution of various technology initiatives. These investments seek to improve product availability and assortment, fulfill evolving consumer product demands and keep up with our long-term store expansion goals. If we fail to effectively implement these changes, or if our investments in our supply chain initiatives do not provide the anticipated benefits, we could experience sub-optimal inventory levels in our stores or increases in our operating costs, which could adversely affect our sales volume and/or our margins. Our success in international operations is dependent on our ability to manage the unique challenges presented by international markets. The various risks we face in our U.S. operations generally also exist when conducting operations in and sourcing products and materials from outside of the U.S., in addition to the unique costs, risks and difficulties of managing international operations. Our expansion into international markets may be adversely affected by local laws and customs, U.S. laws applicable to foreign operations, and political and socio-economic conditions as well as our general ability to compete effectively and provide superior customer service regardless of distance, language and cultural differences. Risks inherent in international operations also include potential adverse tax consequences, potential changes to trade policies and trade agreements, compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and local anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, greater difficulty in obtaining and enforcing intellectual property rights, challenges to identify and gain access to local suppliers, and possibly misjudging the response of consumers in foreign countries to our product assortment and marketing strategy. In addition, our operations in international markets are conducted primarily in the local currency of those countries. Since our Consolidated Financial Statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, amounts of assets, liabilities, net sales, and other revenues and expenses denominated in local currencies must be translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. As a result, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates may adversely impact our financial performance. Business interruptions may negatively impact our operating hours, operability of our computer and other systems, availability of merchandise and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our sales and our business. Business interruptions including war or acts of terrorism, political or civil unrest, unusual or severe weather conditions such as hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, fires, earthquakes and floods, public health crises and other disasters or the threat of any of them, may negatively impact the hours and operations of our stores, distribution centers, store support centers or sourcing offices; may negatively impact our supply chain and distribution network; and may impede our ability to source quality merchandise domestically and outside of the U.S. on favorable terms. 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 In the event commercial transportation is curtailed or substantially delayed, we may have difficulty transporting merchandise to our distribution centers and stores resulting in lost sales and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty. Transportation issues could also cause us to cancel purchase orders if we are unable to receive merchandise in our distribution centers. It is not possible to predict all events or circumstances which may negatively disrupt our business in a significant manner, and the near-term and long-term impacts of such disruptions on our business, demand for our products and our growth initiatives will vary significantly based on the facts and circumstances of each such disruption. Furthermore, such business interruptions could cause additional negative impacts of which we are not currently aware or magnify other risks associated with our business and operations. Our failure to protect our brand and reputation could have an adverse effect on our relationships with our customers, AutoZoners, suppliers, vendors and other stakeholders, thereby negatively impacting sales and profitability. We believe our continued sales growth is driven in significant part by our AutoZone and private label brand names and our positive reputation with customers, AutoZoners, suppliers, vendors and other stakeholders. The value in our brand names and reputation, and their continued effectiveness in driving our sales growth is dependent to a significant degree on our ability to maintain our reputation for safety, high product quality, friendliness, WOW! Customer service, trustworthy advice, integrity and business ethics. Negative incidents can erode trust and confidence quickly, and adverse publicity about us, whether or not based in fact, could damage our brand and reputation, undermine our customers confidence in us, reduce demand for our products and services, affect our ability to recruit and retain employees, attract regulatory scrutiny, and impact our relationships with suppliers and vendors. Further, our actual or perceived strategies, initiatives, responses or lack of response relating to social, political, environmental or other issues, whether or not based in fact, could damage our reputation, negatively impact our stock price or result in reduced demand for our merchandise. Customers are also increasingly using social media to provide feedback, criticism and other information about our Company, our products and our services in a manner that is rapidly and broadly disseminated. Our brand and reputation could be negatively impacted if negative sentiment about the Company, whether or not based on fact, is shared and distributed in such a manner. Failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, environmental and anti-corruption standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse actions by consumer or environmental groups, employees or regulatory bodies. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. Information Technology, Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Risks We rely heavily on information technology systems for our key business processes. Any damage to, failure of, or interruption in these systems or our inability to realize the anticipated benefits associated with investments in new or upgraded systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. We rely extensively on information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to collect, analyze, process, store, manage, transmit and protect key business processes, transactions and data, such as sales data, customer data, employee data, demand forecasting, merchandise ordering, inventory replenishment, supply chain management, payment processing, order fulfillment and more. Delays in the maintenance, updates, upgrading, or patching of these systems, applications or processes could adversely impact their effectiveness or could expose us to security and other risks. Our systems and the third-party systems with which we interact are subject to damage, failure or interruption due to various reasons such as: power or other critical infrastructure outages, facility damage, physical theft, telecommunications failures, malware, security incidents, malicious cyber-attacks, including the use of malicious codes, worms, phishing, spyware, denial of service attacks and ransomware, natural disasters and catastrophic events, inadequate or ineffective redundancy measures; and design or usage errors by AutoZoners, contractors or third-party service providers. Although we seek to 

 18 

Table of Contents 
 effectively maintain and safeguard our systems and our data and we seek to ensure our third-party service providers effectively maintain and safeguard their systems and our data, such efforts are not always successful. As a result, we or our service providers have experienced and are likely to again experience one or more errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service impacting the integrity or availability of our information technology infrastructure. While such incidents have not been material to date, any future incident could significantly disrupt our operations and key business processes, result in the impairment or loss of critical data, be costly and resource-intensive to remedy; harm our reputation and relationship with customers, AutoZoners, vendors and other stakeholders; and have a material adverse impact on our business and operating results. In addition, our information technology systems, infrastructure and personnel require substantial investments, such as replacing existing systems, some of which are older, legacy systems that are less flexible and efficient, with successor systems; making changes to existing systems, including the migration of applications to the cloud; maintaining or enhancing legacy systems that are not currently being replaced; or designing or cost-effectively acquiring and implementing new systems with new functionality. These efforts can result in significant potential risks, including failure of the systems to operate as designed, potential loss or corruption of data, cost overruns, or implementation delays or errors, and may result in operational challenges, security control failures, reputational harm, and increased costs that could adversely affect our business operations and results of operations. Failure to maintain the security of sensitive personal information or other confidential information in our possession could subject us to litigation or regulatory enforcement action, cause reputational harm and cause us to incur substantial costs or have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. Our business, like that of most retailers, involves the collection, processing, storage and transmission of large amounts of personal information relating to our customers, suppliers and AutoZoners and confidential business information relating to AutoZone or other parties with which we do business. This information is handled by us as well as third-party service providers and vendors that provide us with various technology, systems, services and other resources that we use in connection with the handling of this information and in furtherance of our business objectives. Furthermore, we accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit, debit, electronic payments and gift cards, which present information security risks, and we may offer new payment options in the future presenting new risks of which we are currently unaware. While addressing vulnerabilities is a priority for us, the methods used to obtain unauthorized access are constantly evolving and increasing in frequency and sophistication, including through the use of evolving artificial intelligence tools to identify and exploit vulnerabilities. Attempts to gain unauthorized access can be difficult to anticipate or promptly detect. We cannot assure you that the security measures we or our third-party service providers and vendors have in place today will be successful in their efforts to prevent or mitigate the impact of a cyber incident or provide us with sufficient visibility to determine if a cyber incident has occurred, and there can be no assurance that such measures we introduce in the future will be sufficiently effective either. Failure to maintain the security of the personal and other confidential information to which we have access could lead to private litigation, regulatory enforcement actions and reputational harm, all of which would require extensive time and financial resources to resolve and could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. While we have not experienced a material breach of our information systems or data to date, unauthorized parties have in the past gained access and exfiltrated data, and will continue to attempt to do so as the result of a cyber-attack, employee misconduct, employee error, system vulnerabilities or compromises, fraud, hacking, phishing attempts, malware, ransomware, other malicious codes or other intentional or unintentional acts. Furthermore, hardware, software or other IT applications that we or a third party develop for our use have contained and may contain exploitable vulnerabilities, bugs or design defects or may involve other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. The cost to remediate and respond to a cyber incident involving unauthorized use, access, damage or loss of systems, data or other information could be significant. To the extent any cyber incident involving our or one of our third-party service provider s information systems results in the unauthorized access, loss, damage or misappropriation of information, we may be required by law to notify impacted individuals and face substantial 

 19 

Table of Contents 
 liability due to claims arising from customers, financial institutions, AutoZoners, regulatory authorities, payment card issuers and others. We maintain insurance coverage that may protect us from losses or claims in connection with certain incidents; however, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover significant losses in any particular situation. We are subject to a complex and evolving body of laws and regulations regarding data privacy and may face increased costs as a result of changes in, enforcement of, or the adoption of new laws and regulations. These costs may have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations . The regulatory environment related to information security, data collection, processing and use, and data privacy is becoming increasingly rigorous and complex. Multiple states in the U.S. have passed, and continue to pass, data protection laws. The potential effects of the various laws regulating the collection, transfer, use and other types of processing of personal or protected information are far-reaching and may require significant time, resources and costs to comply, may require changes to our existing practices and processes that are not advantageous to our business, and otherwise limit our ability to use data to provide a more personalized customer experience or as otherwise desired. In addition, failure to comply with applicable requirements by us or our business partners or third-party service providers or vendors could subject us to fines, sanctions, governmental investigations, lawsuits or reputational damage. Additionally, while we seek to comply with these various laws as they take effect, many of the concepts are novel. There can be no assurance that compliance efforts taken by us in good faith will be sufficient, and we may be the subject of an investigation or enforcement action instituted by a state agency or other regulatory body. Indebtedness, Financial and Market Risks We are self-insured for certain costs associated with our operations and an increase in our insurance claims and expenses may have a material negative impact on us. We are self-insured up to certain limits for workers compensation, employee group medical, general liability, product liability, property and automobile. The types and amounts of insurance may vary from time to time based on our decisions with respect to risk retention and regulatory requirements. Our reserves are established using historical trends and, where appropriate, using a third-party actuary to estimate costs to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported. Estimated costs are subject to a variety of assumptions and other factors including the severity, duration and frequency of claims, legal costs associated with claims, healthcare trends and projected inflation of related factors. Material increases in the number of insurance claims, changes to healthcare costs, accident frequency and severity, legal expenses and other factors could result in unfavorable difference between actual self-insurance costs and our reserve estimates. As a result, our self-insurance costs could increase which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. A downgrade in our credit ratings or a general disruption in the credit markets could make it more difficult for us to access funds, refinance our debt, obtain new funding or issue debt securities. Our short-term and long-term debt is rated investment grade by the major rating agencies. These investment-grade credit ratings have historically allowed us to take advantage of lower interest rates and other favorable terms on our short-term credit lines, in our senior debt offerings and in the commercial paper markets. To maintain our investment-grade ratings, we are required to meet certain financial performance ratios. A change by the rating agencies in these ratios, an increase in our debt, and/or a decline in our earnings could result in downgrades in our credit ratings. A downgrade in our credit ratings could limit our access to public debt markets, limit the institutions willing to provide credit facilities to us, result in more restrictive financial and other covenants in our public and private debt and would likely significantly increase our overall borrowing costs and adversely affect our earnings. Additionally, a downgrade in our credit or changes in the financial markets may limit financial institutions willingness to participate in our supplier financing arrangements, which may result in vendors seeking to renegotiate their payment terms. Moreover, significant deterioration in the financial condition of large financial institutions could result in a severe loss of liquidity and availability of credit in global credit markets and in more stringent 

 20 

Table of Contents 
 borrowing terms. Conditions and events in the global credit markets could have a material adverse effect on our access to short-term and long-term debt and the terms and cost of that debt. Legal and Regulatory Risks Our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected by the adoption of new laws, changes to existing laws, increased enforcement activity or other governmental actions. We are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, many of which are complex, frequently revised and subject to varying interpretations. These include laws governing employment and labor, wage and hour, environmental matters, proper handling and disposal of hazardous materials and waste, employee benefits, data privacy, cybersecurity, safety, the pricing and sale of goods, import and export compliance, transportation and logistics, consumer protection and advertising, among others. These laws may change over time and may differ substantially across the areas where we operate. Although we have implemented policies and procedures to help ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no certainty that our AutoZoners and third parties with whom we do business will not take actions in violation of our policies or applicable laws. If we fail to comply with these laws, rules and regulations, or the manner in which they are interpreted or applied, we may be subject to governmental enforcement action or private litigation resulting in restrictions on our business, monetary penalties, reputational harm and increased costs of regulatory compliance. Any changes in the enforcement or interpretation of existing laws and regulations or the enactment of any new laws and regulations, including tax legislation, could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We may also be subject to investigations or audits by governmental authorities and regulatory agencies as a result of enforcing existing laws and regulations or changes in enforcement priorities, which can occur in the ordinary course of business or may result from increased scrutiny from a particular agency or toward a particular industry. We may be adversely affected by legal, regulatory or market responses to global climate change. Climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could present risks to our operations. For example, we have significant operations in California, where serious drought has made water less available and more costly and has increased the risk of wildfires. Changes in climate patterns leading to extreme heat waves or unusual cold weather at some of our locations can lead to increased energy usage and costs, or otherwise adversely impact our facilities and operations and disrupt our supply chains and distribution systems. Growing concern over climate change has led policy makers in the U.S. to consider the enactment of legislative and regulatory proposals that would impose extensive mandatory reporting requirements as well as requirements for reductions of greenhouse gas GHG emissions. Such laws, if enacted, are likely to impact our business in a number of ways. For example, significant increases in fuel economy requirements, new federal or state restrictions on emissions of carbon dioxide or new federal or state incentive programs or other regulations that may be imposed on vehicles and automobile fuels could adversely affect demand for vehicles, annual miles driven or the products we sell. We may not be able to accurately predict, prepare for and effectively respond to new kinds of technological innovations with respect to electric vehicles and other technologies that minimize emissions. Compliance with any new or more stringent laws or regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers. Our inability to appropriately respond to such changes could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We may be unable to achieve the goals and aspirations set forth in our environmental, social and governance (ESG) report, particularly with respect to the reduction of GHG emissions, or otherwise meet the expectations of our stakeholders with respect to ESG matters. Increasing governmental and societal attention to ESG matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting of GHG emissions and other sustainability metrics, and disclosure topics such as climate change, sustainability, natural resources, waste reduction, energy, human capital, and risk oversight could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess, and report. We strive to deliver shared value through our business and our diverse stakeholders expect us to make progress in certain ESG priority issue areas. A 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 failure or perceived failure to meet these expectations could adversely affect public perception of our business, employee morale or customer or shareholder support. We have announced certain aspirations and goals related to ESG matters, such as our intention to reduce certain GHG emissions over time. Achievement of these aspirations, plans and goals is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: our ability to successfully identify and implement relevant strategies on a timely and cost-effective basis; our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits and cost savings of such strategies and actions; and the availability and cost of existing and future technologies, such as alternative fuel vehicles, off-site renewable energy, and other materials and components. It is possible that we may be unsuccessful in the achievement of our ESG goals, on a timely basis or at all, or that the costs to achieve those goals become prohibitively expensive. Furthermore, our stakeholders may not be satisfied with our efforts or the speed at which we are progressing towards any such aspirations and goals. In addition, some jurisdictions have adopted laws and other regulations that may subject companies operating in those jurisdictions to legal liability for failing to meet published goals. A delay, failure or perceived failure or delay to meet our goals and aspirations could adversely affect public perception of our business, cause us to lose shareholder support, and subject us to legal claims and liabilities with respect to such matters. Certain challenges we face in the achievement of our ESG objectives are also captured within our ESG reporting, which is not incorporated by reference into and does not form any part of this report. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be affected by litigation. We are involved in lawsuits, regulatory investigations, governmental and other legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of business. Such matters involve significant expense and divert management s attention and resources from other matters. The damages sought against us in these proceedings may be material and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. General Risks Significant changes in macroeconomic and geo-political factors could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Macroeconomic conditions impact both our customers and our suppliers. Moreover, the U.S. government continues to operate under historically large deficits and debt burden. Continued distress in global credit markets, business failures, civil unrest, inflation, rising interest rates, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, significant geo-political conflicts, proposed or additional tariffs, continued volatility in energy prices, the impact of a public health crisis or pandemic (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), constraints on the global supply chain and other factors continue to affect the global economy. Moreover, rising energy prices could impact our merchandise distribution, commercial delivery, utility and product costs. It is unclear how such factors could impact our business in the short term. Over a longer period of time, these macroeconomic and geo-political conditions could adversely affect our sales growth, margins and overhead. These could materially adversely affect our financial condition and operations. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy Program We recognize the importance of assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats and have implemented various processes and safeguards to aid in such efforts. Our program encompasses people, processes, and technologies to safeguard our systems, data, and business from cybersecurity threats. Our program 

 22 

Table of Contents 
 prioritizes threat mitigation and risk management, while focusing on maintaining the integrity and resilience of our systems. Our program is informed by industry standards, including the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cyber Security Framework (CSF), the American National Standards Institute encryption standards and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. As part of our cybersecurity strategy, we regularly engage independent, outside expertise to assess and benchmark our overall program against these industry standards. AutoZone, with the assistance of our managed security service provider, continuously monitors our threat intelligence and events within our digital environments. We employ a variety of methods designed to test and improve our controls, including vulnerability scanning, penetration testing, and attack simulation testing. We have an incident response plan which sets forth procedures to investigate, respond to, contain, and remediate incidents with the support of a cross-functional team. The incident response plan also outlines a process for escalating and communicating incidents to members of management. During the contract review and vendor engagement process, we assess vendors adherence to appropriate security practices, requirements, and expectations, including compliance with industry standards and applicable laws and regulations. We also engage a third-party to monitor certain service providers so that we may be alerted of important events that would impact such party s risk profile. We have an Information Security Awareness program which seeks to educate our employees on security risks and best practices through training, internal communications, and security awareness campaigns. We maintain cybersecurity insurance coverage that may protect us from losses in connection with certain cybersecurity incidents. Cybersecurity Risks While we have not experienced a material breach of our information systems or data to date, unauthorized parties have in the past gained access and exfiltrated data. Any future incident could significantly disrupt our operations and key business processes, result in the impairment, loss, unauthorized access of critical or sensitive data, be costly and resource-intensive to remedy; harm our reputation and relationship with customers, AutoZoners, vendors and other stakeholders; and have a material adverse impact on our business and operating results. See Information Technology, Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Risks in Item 1.A., Risk Factors for additional information related to cybersecurity risks. Governance The cybersecurity risk management program is integrated into our broader enterprise risk management framework, which allows our senior management team, with oversight of our Board, to develop a more holistic view of our risk exposure and prioritize and manage such risks accordingly. AutoZone s Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) reports directly to our Chief Information Officer and Senior Vice President of Information Technology. Our CISO has over 25 years experience in IT, with almost 20 years in dedicated Information Security leadership roles. He has experience across a broad range of industries and holds credentials including the Certified Information Systems Security Professional and the CERT Certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight from the National Association of Corporate Directors. The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the company s enterprise risk management program, including cybersecurity risks. At its quarterly committee meetings, the Audit Committee reviews and discusses cybersecurity matters directly with our CISO, including relevant cybersecurity risks, changes to AutoZone s threat landscape, risk mitigation strategies, cybersecurity program assessments and results, and cybersecurity roadmap and progress. 

 23 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Properties The following table reflects the number of leased and owned properties and square footage of selling space for our stores as of August 31, 2024: 

No. of Store Square Stores Footage (1) Leased 4,081 27,226,410 Owned 3,272 22,190,827 Total 7,353 49,417,237 (1) Square footage excludes store support centers, regional offices, distribution centers and the areas that hold the local mega hub and hub expanded assortment. 
 We have approximately 7.1 million square feet in distribution centers servicing our stores, of which approximately 2.1 million square feet is leased and the remainder is owned. We have 11 distribution centers located throughout the U.S., two in Mexico, and one in Brazil. Our primary store support center is located in Memphis, Tennessee, and consists of approximately 325,000 square feet. We also have four additional store support centers located in Monterrey, Mexico; Chihuahua, Mexico; Sao Paulo, Brazil; and Gurugram, India. Our primary International Sourcing Office is located in Shanghai, China. The ALLDATA headquarters in Elk Grove, California is leased, and we also own or lease other properties which are not material individually or in the aggregate. Item 3. Legal Proceedings We are involved in various legal proceedings incidental to the conduct of our business, including, but not limited to, claims and allegations related to wage and hour violations, unlawful termination, employment practices, product liability, privacy and cybersecurity, environmental matters, intellectual property rights or regulatory compliance. We do not currently believe that, either individually or in the aggregate, these matters will result in liabilities material to our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Additionally, we are not involved in any environmental proceeding in which a governmental authority is a party, and such proceeding involves potential monetary sanctions that we reasonably believe will exceed an applied threshold of 1 million. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The principal market on which our common stock is traded is the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AZO. On October 21, 2024, there were 1,603 stockholders of record, which does not include the number of beneficial owners whose shares were represented by security position listings. We currently do not pay a dividend on our common stock. Any future payment of dividends would be dependent upon our financial condition, capital requirements, earnings and cash flow. During 1998, the Company announced a program permitting the Company to repurchase a portion of its outstanding shares not to exceed a dollar maximum established by the Company s Board of Directors. The Board voted to increase the repurchase authorization by 2.0 billion on December 20, 2023 and 1.5 billion on June 19, 2024, bringing the total value of authorized share repurchases to 39.2 billion. Shares of common stock repurchased by the Company during the quarter ended August 31, 2024 were as follows: 

Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Dollar Value that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs May 5, 2024 to June 1, 2024 65,636 2,891.87 65,636 1,184,718,249 June 2, 2024 to June 29, 2024 81,197 2,881.79 81,197 2,450,725,318 June 30, 2024 to July 27, 2024 84,860 2,936.78 84,860 2,201,510,545 July 28, 2024 to August 31, 2024 12,096 3,103.60 12,096 2,163,969,364 Total 243,789 2,914.65 243,789 2,163,969,364 The Company also repurchased, at market value, an additional 4,886 shares in fiscal year 2022 from employees electing to sell their stock under the Company s Eighth Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan (as amended from time to time, the Employee Plan ), qualified under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code, under which all eligible employees may purchase AutoZone s common stock at 85 of the lower of the market price of the common stock on the first day or last day of each calendar quarter through payroll deductions. Maximum permitted annual purchases are 15,000 per employee or 10 percent of compensation, whichever is less. Under the Employee Plan, 5,000, 5,183 and 6,238 shares were sold to employees in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. At August 31, 2024, 117,341 shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance under the Employee Plan. Once executives have reached the maximum purchases under the Employee Plan, the Sixth Amended and Restated Executive Stock Purchase Plan (the Executive Plan permits all eligible executives to purchase AutoZone s common stock up to 25 percent of his or her annual salary and bonus. Purchases by executives under the Executive Plan were 540, 689 and 709 shares in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. At August 31, 2024, 232,426 shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance under the Executive Plan. 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 Stock Performance Graph The graph below presents changes in the value of AutoZone s stock as compared to Standard Poor s 500 Composite Index S P 500 and to Standard Poor s Retail Index S P Retail Index for the five-year period beginning August 31, 2019, and ending August 31, 2024. Item 6. Reserved Not required. 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations We are the leading retailer and distributor of automotive replacement parts and accessories in the Americas. We began operations in 1979 and at August 31, 2024, operated 6,432 stores in the U.S., 794 stores in Mexico and 127 stores in Brazil. Each store carries an extensive product line for cars, sport utility vehicles, vans and light duty trucks, including new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products. At August 31, 2024, in 5,898 of our domestic stores as well as the vast majority of our stores in Mexico and Brazil, we had a commercial sales program that provided prompt delivery of parts and other products and commercial credit to local, regional and national repair garages, dealers, service stations, fleet owners and other accounts. We also sell automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products through www.autozone.com, and our commercial customers can make purchases through www.autozonepro.com. Additionally, we sell the ALLDATA brand of automotive diagnostic, repair, collision and shop management software through www.alldata.com. We also provide product information on our Duralast branded products through www.duralastparts.com. We do not derive revenue from automotive repair or installation services. Executive Summary For fiscal 2024, net sales increased to 18.5 billion, a 5.9 increase over the prior year. Our retail sales and commercial sales in our domestic and international markets grew as we continue to make progress on our growth initiatives aimed at improving parts availability and providing WOW! Customer Service. Operating profit increased 9.1 to 3.8 billion, net income increased 5.3 to 2.7 billion and diluted earnings per share increased 13.0 to 149.55 for the year. During fiscal 2024, failure and maintenance related categories represented the largest portion of our sales mix, at approximately 86 of total sales. While we have not experienced any fundamental shifts in our category sales mix as compared to previous years, in our domestic stores we see a decrease in mix of sales of the discretionary category and a slight increase in the maintenance and failure categories compared to last year. Our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry, including but not limited to inflation, interest rates, levels of consumer debt, fuel and energy costs, prevailing wage rates, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, supply chain disruptions, hiring and other economic conditions. Given the nature of these macroeconomic factors, which are generally outside of our control, we cannot predict whether or for how long certain trends will continue, nor can we predict to what degree these trends will impact us in the future. The two statistics we believe have the closest correlation to our market growth over the long-term are miles driven and the number of seven-year-old or older vehicles on the road. Miles Driven We believe as the number of miles driven increases, consumers vehicles are more likely to need service and maintenance, resulting in an increase in the need for automotive hard parts and maintenance items. Since the beginning of the fiscal year and through July 2024 miles driven in the U.S. increased 1.2 compared to the same period in the prior year based on the latest information available from the U.S. Department of Transportation. Seven Year Old or Older Vehicles As the number of seven-year-old or older vehicles on the road increases, we expect an increase in demand for the products we sell. We expect the aging vehicle population to continue to increase as consumers keep their cars longer. According to the latest data provided by S P Global Mobility, the average age of light vehicles on the road was 12.6 years and these vehicles account for approximately 38 of U.S. vehicles. According to the U.S. Department of Transportation Federal Highway Administration, vehicles are driven an average of approximately 11,000 miles each year. In seven years, the average miles driven equates to approximately 77,000 miles. Our experience is that at this point in a vehicle s life, most vehicles are not covered by warranties and increased maintenance and repairs are needed to keep the vehicle operating. 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations The following table highlights selected financial information over the past five years: 

Fiscal Year Ended August (in thousands, except per share data, same store sales and selected operating data) 2024 (1) 2023 2022 2021 (2) 2020 (2) Income Statement Data Net sales 18,490,268 17,457,209 16,252,230 14,629,585 12,631,967 Cost of sales, including warehouse and delivery expenses 8,673,216 8,386,787 7,779,580 6,911,800 5,861,214 Gross profit 9,817,052 9,070,422 8,472,650 7,717,785 6,770,753 Operating, selling, general and administrative expenses 6,028,344 5,596,436 5,201,921 4,773,258 4,353,074 Operating profit 3,788,708 3,473,986 3,270,729 2,944,527 2,417,679 Interest expense, net 451,578 306,372 191,638 195,337 201,165 Income before income taxes 3,337,130 3,167,614 3,079,091 2,749,190 2,216,514 Income tax expense (3) 674,703 639,188 649,487 578,876 483,542 Net income (3) 2,662,427 2,528,426 2,429,604 2,170,314 1,732,972 Diluted earnings per share (3) 149.55 132.36 117.19 95.19 71.93 Weighted average shares for diluted earnings per share (3) 17,803 19,103 20,733 22,799 24,093 Same Store Sales Increase in domestic comparable store net sales (4) 0.4 3.4 8.4 13.6 7.4 Increase (decrease) in international comparable store net sales (4) 16.1 29.3 19.1 22.5 (2.8) Increase in international comparable store net sales (constant currency) (4) 10.2 17.5 19.2 20.7 4.7 Increase in total company comparable store net sales (4) 2.1 5.6 9.2 14.3 6.6 Increase in total company comparable store net sales (constant currency) (4) 1.4 4.6 9.2 14.1 7.2 Balance Sheet Data Current assets 7,306,759 6,779,426 6,627,984 6,415,303 6,811,872 Operating lease right-of-use assets 3,057,780 2,998,097 2,918,817 2,718,712 2,581,677 Working capital (deficit) (5) (1,407,484) (1,732,430) (1,960,409) (954,451) 528,781 Total assets 17,176,538 15,985,878 15,275,043 14,516,199 14,423,872 Current liabilities 8,714,243 8,511,856 8,588,393 7,369,754 6,283,091 Debt 9,024,381 7,668,549 6,122,092 5,269,820 5,513,371 Finance lease liabilities, less current portion 283,882 200,702 217,428 186,122 155,855 Operating lease liabilities, less current portion 2,960,174 2,917,046 2,837,973 2,632,842 2,501,560 Stockholders deficit (4,749,614) (4,349,894) (3,538,913) (1,797,536) (877,977) Selected Operating Data Number of stores at beginning of year 7,140 6,943 6,767 6,549 6,411 New stores 217 198 177 219 138 Closed stores 4 1 1 1 Net new stores 213 197 176 218 138 Relocated stores 6 12 13 12 5 Number of stores at end of year 7,353 7,140 6,943 6,767 6,549 AutoZone domestic commercial programs 5,898 5,682 5,342 5,179 5,007 Total Company Store Data Inventory per store (in thousands) 837 807 812 686 683 Total AutoZone store square footage (in thousands) 49,417 47,899 46,435 45,057 43,502 Average square footage per AutoZone store 6,721 6,709 6,688 6,658 6,643 Increase in AutoZone store square footage 3.2 3.2 3.1 3.6 2.3 Average net sales per AutoZone store (in thousands) 2,505 2,435 2,329 2,160 1,914 Net sales per AutoZone store average square foot 373 363 349 325 288 Total employees at end of year (in thousands) 126 119 112 105 100 Inventory turnover (6) 1.5x 1.5x 1.5x 1.5x 1.3x Accounts payable to inventory ratio 119.5 124.9 129.5 129.6 115.3 After-tax return on invested capital (7) 49.7 55.4 52.9 41.0 35.7 Adjusted debt to EBITDAR (8) 2.5 2.3 2.1 2.0 2.4 Net cash provided by operating activities (in thousands) (3) 3,004,116 2,940,788 3,211,135 3,518,543 2,720,108 Cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt (in thousands) (9) 1,791,635 2,156,026 2,599,636 3,048,841 2,185,418 Share repurchases (in thousands) (5)(10) 3,170,320 3,723,289 4,359,991 3,378,321 930,903 Number of shares repurchased (in thousands) (5) 1,149 1,524 2,220 2,592 826 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 (1) The fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 consisted of 53 weeks. 
 (2) The 52 weeks ended August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020 were negatively impacted by pandemic related expenses, including Emergency Time-Off of approximately 43.0 million (pre-tax) and 83.9 million (pre-tax), respectively. 
 (3) Fiscal 2024, 2023, 2022, 2021 and 2020 include excess tax benefits from stock option exercises of 81.4 million, 92.2 million, 63.2 million, 56.4 million, and 20.9 million, respectively. 
 (4) The domestic and international comparable sales increases are based on sales for all AutoZone stores open at least one year. Constant currency same store sales exclude impacts from fluctuations of foreign exchange rates by converting both the current year and prior year international results at the prior year foreign currency exchange rate. Same store sales are computed on a 52-week basis. Relocated stores are included in the same store sales computation based on the year the original store was opened. Closed store sales are included in the same store sales computation up to the week it closes, and excluded from the computation for all periods subsequent to closing. All sales through our www.autozone.com website, including consumer direct ship-to-home sales, are also included in the computation. 
 (5) During the third quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company temporarily suspended share repurchases under the share repurchase program in response to the COVID-19 pandemic which was restarted beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. 
 (6) Inventory turnover is calculated as cost of sales divided by the average merchandise inventory balance over the trailing 5 quarters. 
 (7) After-tax return on invested capital is defined as after-tax operating profit (excluding rent charges) divided by invested capital (which includes a factor to capitalize leases). 
 (8) Adjusted debt to EBITDAR is defined as the sum of total debt, finance lease obligations and annual rents times six; divided by net income plus interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and share-based compensation expense. See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 (9) Cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt is defined as the change in cash and cash equivalents less the change in debt plus treasury stock purchases. See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 (10) Share repurchases are inclusive of excise tax in fiscal 2024 and 2023. The excise tax is assessed at one percent of the fair market value of net stock repurchases after December 31, 2022. 

29 

Table of Contents 
 Fiscal 2024 Compared with Fiscal 2023 For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, we had net sales of 18.5 billion compared with 17.5 billion for the year ended August 26, 2023, an increase of 5.9 . This growth was driven primarily by the additional 53 rd week sales of 365.9 million, net sales of 292.4 million from new domestic and international stores and a n increase in total company same store sales of 1.4 on a constant currency basis. Domestic commercial sales increased 284.3 million, or 6.2 , over domestic commercial sales for fiscal 2023, driven in part by the additional 53 rd week sales of 95.7 million. Same store sales, or sales for our domestic and international stores open at least one year, are computed on a 52-week basis and are as follows: 

Fiscal Year Ended August Constant Currency (1) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Domestic 0.4 3.4 0.4 3.4 International 16.1 29.3 10.2 17.5 Total Company 2.1 5.6 1.4 4.6 (1) Constant currency same store sales exclude impacts from fluctuations of foreign exchange rates by converting both the current year and prior year international results at the prior year foreign currency exchange rate. At August 31, 2024, we operated 6,432 domestic stores, 794 in Mexico and 127 in Brazil, compared with 6,300 domestic stores, 740 in Mexico and 100 in Brazil at August 26, 2023. We reported a total auto parts segment (domestic, Mexico and Brazil) sales increase of 5.9 for fiscal 2024. Gross profit for fiscal 2024 was 9.8 billion, or 53.1 of net sales, a 114 basis point increase compared with 9.1 billion, or 52.0 of net sales for fiscal 2023. The increase in gross margin was driven by higher merchandise margins and 47 basis points 84.0 million net) from non-cash LIFO favorability. Operating, selling, general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2024 increased to 6.0 billion, or 32.6 of net sales, from 5.6 billion, or 32.1 of net sales for fiscal 2023. The increase in operating expenses as a percentage of sales was primarily driven by domestic store payroll. Interest expense, net for fiscal 2024 was 451.6 million compared with 306.4 million during fiscal 2023. Average borrowings for fiscal 2024 were 8.7 billion, compared with 7.0 billion for fiscal 2023. Weighted average borrowing rates were 4.39 and 3.78 for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our effective income tax rate was 20.2 of pre-tax income for both fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023. The benefit from stock options exercised in fiscal 2024 was 81.4 million compared to 92.2 million in fiscal 2023 (see Note E Income Taxes in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). Net income for fiscal 2024 increased by 5.3 to 2.7 billion, and diluted earnings per share increased 13.0 to 149.55 from 132.36 in fiscal 2023. The impact on the fiscal 2024 diluted earnings per share from stock repurchases was an increase of 0.96. Fiscal 2023 Compared with Fiscal 2022 A discussion of changes in our results of operations from fiscal 2023 to fiscal 2022 has been omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K, but may be found in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 26, 2023, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2023, which is available free of charge on the SECs website at www.sec.gov and at www.autozone.com, by clicking Investor Relations located at the bottom of the page. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 Quarterly Periods Each of the first three quarters of our fiscal year consists of 12 weeks, and the fourth quarter consisted of 17 weeks in 2024 and 16 weeks in 2023 and 2022. Because the fourth quarter contains seasonally high sales volume and consists of 16 or 17 weeks, compared with 12 weeks for each of the first three quarters, our fourth quarter represents a disproportionate share of our annual net sales and net income. The fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 represented 33.6 of annual sales and 33.9 of net income; the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 represented 32.6 of annual sales and 34.2 of net income; and the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 represented 32.9 of annual sales and 33.3 of net income. Liquidity and Capital Resources The primary source of our liquidity is our cash flows realized through the sale of automotive parts, products and accessories. We believe that our cash generated from operating activities, available cash reserves and available credit, supplemented with our long-term borrowings will provide ample liquidity to fund our operations while allowing us to make strategic investments to support growth initiatives and return excess cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. As of August 31, 2024, we held 298.2 million of cash and cash equivalents, as well as 2.2 billion in undrawn capacity on our revolving credit facility, without giving effect to commercial paper borrowings. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund our operations and investments to grow our business, repay our debt as it becomes due and fund our share repurchases over the short-term and long-term. In addition, we believe we have the ability to obtain alternative sources of financing, if necessary. Net cash provided by operating activities was 3.0 billion in 2024, 2.9 billion in 2023 and 3.2 billion in 2022. Cash flows from operations are favorable compared to last year primarily due to higher net income partially due to the additional week of sales in the current year. Our net cash flows used in investing activities were 1.3 billion, 876.2 million and 648.1 million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in net cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2024 was primarily due to an increase in capital expenditures. We invested 1.1 billion, 796.7 million and 672.4 million in capital assets in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in capital expenditures from fiscal 2023 to fiscal 2024 was primarily driven by our growth initiatives, including investments in new distribution centers and stores to be opened in subsequent periods as well as stores opened in the current year. We had net new store openings of 213, 197 and 176 for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We invest a portion of our assets held by our wholly owned insurance captive in marketable debt securities. We purchased marketable debt securities of 38.8 million, 66.9 million and 56.0 million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We had proceeds from the sale of marketable debt securities of 40.8 million, 58.4 million and 53.9 million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Our investment in tax credit equity investments was 227.5 million, 98.0 million and 31.5 million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Net cash used in financing activities was 1.7 billion, 2.1 billion and 3.5 billion in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The net cash used in financing activities reflected purchases of treasury stock, which totaled 3.1 billion, 3.7 billion and 4.4 billion for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The treasury stock purchases in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were primarily funded by cash flows from operations and increased borrowings. During the year ended August 31, 2024, we repaid our 300 million 3.125 Senior Notes due April 2024 and issued 2.3 billion of new debt compared to 1.8 billion in 2023 and 750 million in 2022. In fiscal year 2024 the proceeds from the issuance of debt were used to repay a portion of our commercial paper borrowings and for general corporate purposes. In fiscal years 2023 and 2022 the proceeds from the issuance of debt were used for general corporate purposes. The Company had net repayments of commercial paper and short-term borrowing of 629.6 million during fiscal 2024, and net proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper and short-term borrowings of 606.2 million and 603.4 million during fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 During fiscal 2025, we expect to increase the investment in our business as compared to fiscal 2024. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to our supply chain initiatives, which include new distribution centers and new stores, including expanded hub stores and mega hub stores. The amount of investments in our new stores is impacted by different factors, including whether the building and land are purchased (requiring higher investment) or leased (generally lower investment) and whether such buildings are located in the U.S., Mexico or Brazil, or located in urban or rural areas. In addition to building and land costs, our new stores and distribution centers require working capital, predominantly for inventories. Historically, we have negotiated extended payment terms from suppliers, reducing the working capital required and resulting in a high accounts payable to inventory ratio. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our suppliers ability to factor their receivables from us. T he Company has arrangements with third-party financial institutions to confirm invoice balances owed by the Company to certain suppliers and pay the financial institutions the confirmed amounts on the invoice due dates. These arrangements allow the Company s inventory suppliers, at their sole discretion, to enter into agreements with these financial institutions to finance the Company s obligations to the suppliers at terms negotiated between the suppliers and the financial institutions. Supplier participation is optional and our obligations to our suppliers, including the amount and dates due, are not impacted by our suppliers decision to enter into an agreement with a third-party financial institution. A downgrade in our credit ratings or changes in the financial markets could limit the financial institutions and our suppliers willingness to participate in these arrangements. We plan to continue negotiating extended terms with our suppliers, benefitting our working capital and resulting in a high accounts payable to inventory ratio. We had an accounts payable to inventory ratio of 119.5 at August 31, 2024 and 124.9 at August 26, 2023. Depending on the timing and magnitude of our future investments (either in the form of leased or purchased properties or acquisitions), we anticipate that we will rely primarily on internally generated funds and available borrowing capacity to support a majority of our capital expenditures, working capital requirements and stock repurchases. The balance may be funded through new borrowings. We anticipate we will be able to obtain such financing in view of our credit ratings and favorable experiences in the debt markets in the past. Our cash balances are held in various locations around the world. As of August 31, 2024, and August 26, 2023, cash and cash equivalents of 99.8 million and 108.5 million, respectively, were held outside of the U.S. and were generally utilized to support the liquidity needs in our foreign operations. For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, our adjusted after-tax return on invested capital ROIC ), which is a non-GAAP measure, was 49.7 as compared to 55.4 for the prior year. Adjusted ROIC is calculated as after-tax operating profit (excluding rent charges) divided by invested capital (which includes a factor to capitalize operating leases). We use adjusted ROIC to evaluate whether we are effectively using our capital resources and believe it is an important indicator of our overall operating performance. Refer to the Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for further details of our calculation. Debt Facilities On November 15, 2021, we amended and restated our existing revolving credit facility (as amended from time to time, the Revolving Credit Agreement pursuant to which our borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Agreement was increased from 2.0 billion to 2.25 billion, and the maximum borrowing under the Revolving Credit Agreement may, at our option, subject to lenders approval, be increased from 2.25 billion to 3.25 billion. On November 15, 2022, we amended the Revolving Credit Agreement, extending the termination date by one year. As amended, the Revolving Credit Agreement will terminate, and all amounts borrowed will be due and payable, on November 15, 2027, but we may make one additional request to extend the termination date for an additional period of one year . Revolving borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement may be base rate loans, Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR loans, or a combination of both, at our election. The Revolving Credit Agreement includes (i) a 75 million sublimit for swingline loans, (ii) a 50 million individual issuer letter of credit sublimit and (iii) a 250 million aggregate sublimit for all letters of credit. 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 Under our Revolving Credit Agreement, covenants include restrictions on liens, a maximum debt to earnings ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a change of control provision that may require acceleration of the repayment obligations under certain circumstances. As of August 31, 2024, we had no outstanding borrowings and 1.8 million of outstanding letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Agreement. The Revolving Credit Agreement requires that our consolidated interest coverage ratio as of the last day of each quarter shall be no less than 2.5:1. This ratio is defined as the ratio of (i) consolidated earnings before interest, taxes and rents to (ii) consolidated interest expense plus consolidated rents. Our consolidated interest coverage ratio as of August 31, 2024 was 5.4:1. We also maintain a letter of credit facility that allows us to request the participating bank to issue letters of credit on our behalf up to an aggregate amount of 25 million. The letter of credit facility is in addition to the letters of credit that may be issued under the Revolving Credit Agreement and had an expiration in June 2022. On May 16, 2022, we amended and restated the letter of credit facility to, among other things, extend the facility through June 2025. As of August 31, 2024, we had no letters of credit outstanding under the letter of credit facility. In addition to the outstanding letters of credit issued under the committed facility discussed above, we had 141.6 million in letters of credit outstanding as of August 31, 2024. These letters of credit have various maturity dates and were issued on an uncommitted basis. As of August 31, 2024, the 580 million of commercial paper borrowings, the 400 million 3.250 Senior Notes due April 2025 and the 500 million 3.625 Senior Notes due April 2025 were classified as long-term in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as we have the current ability and intent to refinance them on a long-term basis through available capacity in our revolving credit facility. As of August 31, 2024, we had 2.2 billion of availability under our Revolving Credit Agreement, without giving effect to commercial paper borrowings, which would allow us to replace these short-term obligations with a long-term financing facility. On April 18, 2024, we repaid the 300 million 3.125 Senior Notes due April 2024. On July 17, 2023, we repaid the 500 million 3.125 Senior Notes due July 2023. On January 17, 2023, we repaid the 300 million 2.875 Senior Notes due January 2023. On January 18, 2022, we repaid the 500 million 3.700 Senior Notes due April 2022, which were callable at par in January 2022. On June 28, 2024, we issued 600 million in 5.100 Senior Notes due July 2029 and 700 million 5.400 Senior Notes due July 2034 under our automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3, filed with the SEC on July 19, 2022 (File No. 333-266209) (the 2022 Shelf Registration Statement ). The 2022 Shelf Registration Statement allows us to sell an indeterminate amount in debt securities to fund general corporate purposes, including repaying, redeeming or repurchasing outstanding debt and for working capital, capital expenditures, new store or distribution center openings, stock repurchases and acquisitions. Proceeds from the debt issuance were used to repay a portion of our outstanding commercial paper borrowings and for other general corporate purposes. On October 25, 2023, we issued 500 million in 6.250 Senior Notes due November 2028 and 500 million 6.550 Senior Notes due November 2033 under the 2022 Shelf Registration Statement. Proceeds from the debt issuance were used for general corporate purposes. On July 21, 2023, we issued 450 million in 5.050 Senior Notes due July 2026 and 300 million in 5.200 Senior Notes due August 2033 under the 2022 Shelf Registration Statement. Proceeds from the debt issuance were used for general corporate purposes. 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 On January 27, 2023 we issued 450 million in 4.500 Senior Notes due February 2028 and 550 million in 4.750 Senior Notes due February 2033 under the 2022 Shelf Registration Statement. Proceeds from the debt issuance were used for general corporate purposes. On August 1, 2022, we issued 750 million in 4.750 Senior Notes due August 2032 under the 2022 Shelf Registration Statement. Proceeds from the debt issuance were used for general corporate purposes. The Senior Notes contain a provision that repayment may be accelerated if we experience a change in control (as defined in the agreements). Our borrowings under our Senior Notes contain minimal covenants, primarily restrictions on liens, sale and leaseback transactions and consolidations, mergers and the sale of assets. All of the repayment obligations under our borrowing arrangements may be accelerated and come due prior to the applicable scheduled payment date if covenants are breached or an event of default occurs. Interest is paid on a semi-annual basis. As of August 31, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants and expect to remain in compliance with all covenants under our borrowing arrangements. For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, our adjusted debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and share-based compensation expense EBITDAR ratio was 2.5:1 as compared to 2.3:1 as of the comparable prior year end. We calculate adjusted debt as the sum of total debt, finance lease liabilities and rent times six; and we calculate adjusted EBITDAR by adding interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and share-based compensation expense to net income. We target our debt levels to a specified ratio of adjusted debt to EBITDAR in order to maintain our investment grade credit ratings and believe this is important information for the management of our debt levels. To the extent adjusted EBITDAR increases, we expect our debt levels to increase; conversely, if adjusted EBITDAR decreases, we would expect our debt levels to decrease. Refer to the Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for further details of our calculation. Stock Repurchases During 1998, we announced a program permitting us to repurchase a portion of our outstanding shares not to exceed a dollar maximum established by our Board of Directors (the Board ). The Board voted to increase the repurchase authorization by 2.0 billion on December 20, 2023 and 1.5 billion on June 19, 2024, bringing the total authorization to 39.2 billion. Previously, the Board voted to increase the authorization by 4.5 billion in fiscal 2023 and 5.0 billion in fiscal 2022. From January 1998 to August 31, 2024, we have repurchased a total of 155.2 million shares at an aggregate cost of 37.0 billion. We repurchased 1.1 million, 1.5 million and 2.2 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of 3.2 billion, 3.7 billion and 4.4 billion during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Considering cumulative repurchases as of August 31, 2024 we had 2.2 billion remaining under the Board s authorization to repurchase our common stock. We will continue to evaluate current and expected business conditions and adjust the level of share repurchases under our share repurchase program in a manner that is consistent with our capital allocation strategy or as we otherwise deem appropriate. Cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt was 1.8 billion, 2.2 billion and 2.6 billion for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, August 26, 2023 and August 27, 2022, respectively. Cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt is calculated as the net increase or decrease in cash and cash equivalents less net increases or decreases in debt (excluding deferred financing costs) plus share repurchases. We use cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt to calculate the cash flows remaining and available. We believe this is important information regarding our allocation of available capital where we prioritize investments in the business and utilize the remaining funds to repurchase shares, while maintaining debt levels that support our investment grade credit ratings. Refer to the Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for further details of our calculation. Subsequent to August 31, 2024 and through October 21, 2024, we have repurchased 67,677 shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of 212.0 million. Considering the cumulative repurchases through October 21, 2024, we have 2.0 billion remaining under the Board s authorization to repurchase our common stock. 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 Financial Commitments The following table shows our significant contractual obligations as of August 31, 2024: 

Total Payment Due by Period Contractual Less than Between Between Over (in thousands) Obligations 1 year 1 3 years 3 5 years 5 years Debt (1) 9,080,000 1,480,000 1,450,000 2,000,000 4,150,000 Interest payments (2) 2,198,888 375,625 653,775 527,550 641,938 Operating leases (3) 4,157,877 391,901 828,934 719,996 2,217,046 Finance leases (3) 461,654 116,999 209,841 92,389 42,425 Self-insurance reserves (4) 267,779 82,976 97,736 42,585 44,482 Construction commitments 103,780 103,780 Other (5) 49,259 49,259 16,319,237 2,600,540 3,240,286 3,382,520 7,095,891 (1) Debt balances represent principal maturities, excluding interest, discounts, and debt issuance costs. (2) Represents obligations for interest payments on long-term debt. (3) Operating and finance lease obligations include related interest in accordance with ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). (4) Self-insurance reserves reflect estimates based on actuarial calculations and are presented net of insurance receivables. Although these obligations do not have scheduled maturities, the timing of future payments are predictable based upon historical patterns. Accordingly, we reflect the net present value of these obligations in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. (5) Represents commitments to make additional capital contributions to certain tax credit instruments upon achievement of project milestones. 
 Our tax liability for uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, was 45.4 million at August 31, 2024. Approximately 23.1 million is classified as current liabilities and 22.3 million is classified as long-term liabilities. We did not reflect these obligations in the table above as we are unable to make an estimate of the timing of payments of the long-term liabilities due to uncertainties in the timing and amounts of the settlement of these tax positions. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements The following table reflects outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds as of August 31, 2024: 

Total Other (in thousands) Commitments Standby letters of credit 143,393 Surety bonds 48,868 192,261 A substantial portion of the outstanding standby letters of credit (which are primarily renewed on an annual basis) and surety bonds are used to cover reimbursement obligations to our workers compensation carriers. There are no additional contingent liabilities associated with these instruments as the underlying liabilities are already reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The standby letters of credit and surety bond arrangements expire within one year but have automatic renewal clauses. 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations includes certain financial measures not derived in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). These non-GAAP financial measures provide additional information for determining our optimum capital structure and are used to assist management in evaluating performance and in making appropriate business decisions to maximize stockholders value. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be used as a substitute for GAAP financial measures, or considered in isolation, for the purpose of analyzing our operating performance, financial position or cash flows. However, we have presented the non-GAAP financial measures, as we believe they provide additional information that is useful to investors as it indicates more clearly our comparative year-to-year operating results. Furthermore, our management and Compensation Committee of the Board use the above-mentioned non-GAAP financial measures to analyze and compare our underlying operating results and use select measurements to determine payments of performance-based compensation. We have included a reconciliation of this information to the most comparable GAAP measures in the following reconciliation tables. Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Cash Flow Before Share Repurchases and Changes in Debt The following table reconciles net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents to cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt, which is presented in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations : 

Fiscal Year Ended August (in thousands) 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by/(used in): Operating activities 3,004,116 2,940,788 3,211,135 3,518,543 2,720,108 Investing activities (1,286,506) (876,178) (648,099) (601,778) (497,875) Financing activities (1,683,736) (2,060,082) (3,470,497) (3,500,417) (643,636) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash (12,756) 8,146 506 4,172 (4,082) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 21,118 12,674 (906,955) (579,480) 1,574,515 Less: increase/(decrease) in debt, excluding deferred financing costs 1,370,400 1,556,200 853,400 (250,000) 320,000 Plus: Share repurchases 3,140,917 3,699,552 4,359,991 3,378,321 930,903 (1) Cash flow before share repurchases and changes in debt 1,791,635 2,156,026 2,599,636 3,048,841 2,185,418 (1) During the third quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company temporarily suspended share repurchases under the share repurchase program in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

 36 

Table of Contents 
 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted After-tax ROIC The following table calculates the percentage of ROIC. ROIC is calculated as after-tax operating profit (excluding rent) divided by invested capital (which includes a factor to capitalize operating leases). The ROIC percentages are presented in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations : 

Fiscal Year Ended August (in thousands, except percentage) 2024 (1) 2023 2022 2021 2020 Net income 2,662,427 2,528,426 2,429,604 2,170,314 1,732,972 Adjustments: Interest expense 451,578 306,372 191,638 195,337 201,165 Rent expense (2) 447,693 406,398 373,278 345,380 329,783 Tax effect (3) (181,653) (143,980) (119,197) (114,091) (115,747) Adjusted after-tax return 3,380,045 3,097,216 2,875,323 2,596,940 2,148,173 Average debt (4) 8,580,659 6,900,354 5,712,301 5,416,471 5,375,356 Average stockholders deficit (4) (4,797,747) (4,042,495) (2,797,181) (1,397,892) (1,542,355) Add: Rent x 6 (2)(5) 2,686,158 2,438,388 2,239,668 2,072,280 1,978,696 Average finance lease liabilities (4) 329,225 296,599 284,453 237,267 203,998 Invested capital 6,798,295 5,592,846 5,439,241 6,328,126 6,015,695 Adjusted after-tax ROIC 49.7 55.4 52.9 41.0 35.7 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted Debt to EBITDAR The following table calculates the ratio of adjusted debt to EBITDAR. Adjusted debt to EBITDAR is calculated as the sum of total debt, financing lease liabilities and annual rents times six; divided by net income plus interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and share-based compensation expense. The adjusted debt to EBITDAR ratios are presented in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations : 

Fiscal Year Ended August (in thousands, except ratio) 2024 (1) 2023 2022 2021 2020 Net income 2,662,427 2,528,426 2,429,604 2,170,314 1,732,972 Add: Interest expense 451,578 306,372 191,638 195,337 201,165 Income tax expense 674,703 639,188 649,487 578,876 483,542 EBIT 3,788,708 3,473,986 3,270,729 2,944,527 2,417,679 Add: Depreciation and amortization expense 549,755 497,577 442,223 407,683 397,466 Rent expense (2) 447,693 406,398 373,278 345,380 329,783 Share-based expense 106,246 93,087 70,612 56,112 44,835 EBITDAR 4,892,402 4,471,048 4,156,842 3,753,702 3,189,763 Debt 9,024,381 7,668,549 6,122,092 5,269,820 5,513,371 Financing lease liabilities 399,441 287,618 310,305 276,054 223,353 Add: Rent x 6 (2)(5) 2,686,158 2,438,388 2,239,668 2,072,280 1,978,696 Adjusted debt 12,109,980 10,394,555 8,672,065 7,618,154 7,715,420 Adjusted debt to EBITDAR 2.5 2.3 2.1 2.0 2.4 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 (1) The fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, consisted of 53 weeks. (2) The table below outlines the calculation of rent expense and reconciles rent expense to total lease cost, per ASC 842, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, for the 53 weeks ended, August 31, 2024, and the 52 weeks ended August 26, 2023, August 27,2022, August 28, 2021 and August 29, 2020. 

For the year ended (in thousands) August 31, 2024 August 26, 2023 August 27, 2022 August 28, 2021 August 29, 2020 Total lease cost, per ASC 842 588,835 524,283 470,563 427,443 415,505 Less: Finance lease interest and amortization (103,670) (86,521) (69,564) (56,334) (60,275) Less: Variable operating lease components, related to insurance and common area maintenance (37,472) (31,364) (27,721) (25,729) (25,447) Rent expense 447,693 406,398 373,278 345,380 329,783 (3) For fiscal 2024, 2023, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the effective tax rate was 20.2 , 20.2 , 21.1 , 21.1 and 21.8 , respectively. (4) All averages are computed based on trailing five quarters. (5) Rent is multiplied by a factor of six to capitalize operating leases in the determination of pre-tax invested capital. Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Fiscal 2024 Results Excluding Impact of 53rd Week: The following table summarizes the impact of the additional week to the 53 week fiscal year ended August 31, 2024. 

(in thousands, except per share) Fiscal 2024 Results of Operations Results of Operations for 53rd Week Fiscal 2024 Results of Operations Excluding 53rd Week Net sales 18,490,268 (365,879) 18,124,389 Cost of sales 8,673,216 (176,855) 8,496,361 Gross profit 9,817,052 (189,024) 9,628,028 Operating, selling, general and administrative expenses 6,028,344 (102,278) 5,926,066 EBIT 3,788,708 (86,746) 3,701,962 Interest expense, net 451,578 (9,009) 442,569 Income before taxes 3,337,130 (77,737) 3,259,393 Income tax expense 674,703 (17,024) 657,679 Net income 2,662,427 (60,713) 2,601,714 Diluted earnings per share 149.55 (3.41) 146.14 Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note A of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion on recent accounting pronouncements. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period and related disclosures of contingent liabilities. In the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements, we describe our significant accounting policies used in preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our policies are evaluated on an ongoing basis and are drawn from historical experience and other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ under different assumptions or conditions. Our senior management has identified self-insurance reserves as a critical accounting estimate that is materially impacted by assumptions and has discussed this policy with the Audit Committee of our Board. 

 38 

Table of Contents 
 Self-Insurance Reserves We retain a significant portion of the risks associated with workers compensation, general, product liability, property and vehicle liability; and we obtain third party insurance to limit the exposure related to certain of these risks. Our self-insurance reserve estimates totaled 257.7 million at August 31, 2024, and 268.8 million at August 26, 2023. Where estimates are possible, losses covered by insurance are recognized on a gross basis with a corresponding insurance receivable. The assumptions made by management in estimating our self-insurance reserves include consideration of historical cost experience, judgments about the present and expected levels of cost per claim and retention levels. We utilize various methods, including analyses of historical trends and use of a specialist, to estimate the cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported. The actuarial methods develop estimates of the future ultimate claim costs based on the claims incurred as of the balance sheet date. When estimating these liabilities, we consider factors, such as the severity, duration and frequency of claims, legal costs associated with claims, healthcare trends and projected inflation of related factors. In recent history, our methods for determining our exposure have remained consistent, and our historical trends have been appropriately factored into our reserve estimates. As we obtain additional information and refine our methods regarding the assumptions and estimates we use to recognize liabilities incurred, we will adjust our reserves accordingly. Management believes that the various assumptions developed and actuarial methods used to determine our self- insurance reserves are reasonable and provide meaningful data and information that management uses to make its best estimate of our exposure to these risks. Arriving at these estimates, however, requires a significant amount of subjective judgment by management, and as a result these estimates are uncertain and our actual exposure may be different from our estimates. For example, changes in our assumptions about healthcare costs, the severity of accidents and the incidence of illness, the average size of claims and other factors could cause actual claim costs to vary from our assumptions and estimates, causing our reserves to be overstated or understated. A 10 change in our self-insurance liability would have affected net income by approximately 18.8 million for fiscal 2024. Our liabilities for workers compensation, general and product liability, property and vehicle claims do not have scheduled maturities; however, the timing of future payments is predictable based on historical patterns and is relied upon in determining the current portion of these liabilities. Accordingly, we reflect the net present value of the obligations we determine to be long-term using the risk-free interest rate as of the balance sheet date. If the discount rate used to calculate the present value of these reserves changed by 25 basis points, net income would have been affected by approximately 1.2 million for fiscal 2024. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We are exposed to market risk from, among other things, changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and fuel prices. From time to time, we use various derivative instruments to reduce interest rate and fuel price risks. To date, no derivative instruments have been utilized to reduce foreign exchange rate risk. All of our hedging activities are governed by guidelines that are authorized by the Board. Further, we do not buy or sell derivative instruments for trading purposes. Interest Rate Risk Our financial market risk results primarily from changes in interest rates. At times, we reduce our exposure to changes in interest rates by entering into various interest rate hedge instruments such as interest rate swap contracts, treasury lock agreements and forward-starting interest rate swaps. We have historically utilized interest rate swaps to convert variable rate debt to fixed rate debt and to lock in fixed rates on future debt issuances. We reflect the current fair value of all interest rate hedge instruments as a component of either other current assets or accrued expenses and other. Our interest rate hedge instruments are designated as cash flow hedges. As of August 31, 2024 and August 26, 2023, no such interest rate swaps were outstanding. 

 39 

Table of Contents 
 Unrealized gains and losses on interest rate hedges are deferred in stockholders deficit as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss. These deferred gains and losses are recognized in income as a decrease or increase to interest expense in the period in which the related cash flows being hedged are recognized in expense. However, to the extent that the change in value of an interest rate hedge instrument does not perfectly offset the change in the value of the cash flow being hedged, that ineffective portion is immediately recognized in earnings. The fair value of our debt was estimated at 9.0 billion as of August 31, 2024, and 7.3 billion as of August 26, 2023, based on the quoted market prices for the same or similar debt issues or on the current rates available to us for debt having the same remaining maturities. Such fair value is greater than the carrying value of debt by 3.5 million and less than the carrying value of debt by 406.6 million at August 31, 2024 and August 26, 2023, respectively. This amount reflects face amount, adjusted for any unamortized debt issuance costs and discounts. We had 580.0 million in variable rate debt outstanding at August 31, 2024 and 1.2 billion in August 26, 2023. We had outstanding fixed rate debt of 8.4 billion, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of 55.6 million, at August 31, 2024, and 6.5 billion, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of 41.1 million, at August 26, 2023. A one percentage point increase in interest rates would have reduced the fair value of our fixed rate debt by approximately 365.1 million at August 31, 2024. Foreign Currency Risk Foreign currency exposures arising from transactions include firm commitments and anticipated transactions denominated in a currency other than our entities functional currencies. To minimize our risk, we generally enter into transactions denominated in the respective functional currencies. We are exposed to Brazilian reals, Canadian dollars, euros, Chinese yuan renminbi and British pounds, but our primary foreign currency exposure arises from Mexican peso-denominated revenues and profits and their translation into U.S. dollars. Foreign currency exposures arising from transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are not material. We view our investments in Mexican subsidiaries as long-term. As a result, we generally do not hedge these net investments. The net asset exposure in the Mexican subsidiaries translated into U.S. dollars using the year-end exchange rates was 478.4 million at August 31, 2024 and 409.8 million at August 26, 2023. The year-end exchange rates with respect to the Mexican peso decreased by 17.9 with respect to the U.S. dollar during fiscal 2024 and increased by 15.7 with respect to the U.S. dollar during fiscal 2023. The potential loss in value of our net assets in the Mexican subsidiaries resulting from a hypothetical 10 percent adverse change in quoted foreign currency exchange rates at August 31, 2024 and August 26, 2023, would have been approximately 43.5 million and approximately 37.3 million, respectively. Any changes in our net assets in the Mexican subsidiaries relating to foreign currency exchange rates would be reflected in the foreign currency translation component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, unless the Mexican subsidiaries are sold or otherwise disposed. A hypothetical 10 percent adverse change in average exchange rates would not have a material impact on our results of operations. 

 40 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Index Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 42 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 43 Consolidated Statements of Income 46 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 46 Consolidated Balance Sheets 47 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 48 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 49 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 50 

 41 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Our internal control over financial reporting includes, among other things, defined policies and procedures for conducting and governing our business, sophisticated information systems for processing transactions and properly trained staff. Mechanisms are in place to monitor the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, including regular testing performed by the Company s internal audit team. Actions are taken to correct deficiencies as they are identified. Our procedures for financial reporting include the active involvement of senior management, our Audit Committee and a staff of highly qualified financial and legal professionals. Management, with the participation of our principal executive and financial officers, assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, the end of our fiscal year. Management based its assessment on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 framework. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of August 31, 2024. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP (PCAOB ID: ), audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Ernst Young LLP s attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024 is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

42 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Reg istered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of AutoZone, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited AutoZone, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, AutoZone, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of August 31, 2024 and August 26, 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024, and the related notes and our report dated October 28, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ October 28, 2024 

 43 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of AutoZone, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AutoZone, Inc. (the Company) as of August 31, 2024, and August 26, 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' deficit and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at August 31, 2024 and August 26, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated October 28, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 

 44 

Table of Contents 

Valuation of Self-insurance Reserves Description of the Matter At August 31, 2024, the Company s self-insurance reserve estimate was 257.7 million. As more fully described in Note A of the consolidated financial statements, the Company retains a significant portion of the risks associated with workers compensation, general liability, product liability, property and vehicle insurance. Accordingly, the Company utilizes various methods, including analyses of historical trends and actuarial methods, to estimate the costs of these risks. Auditing the self-insurance reserve is complex and required the involvement of specialists due to the judgmental nature of estimating the costs to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported. There are a number of factors and/or assumptions (e.g., severity, duration and frequency of claims, projected inflation of related factors, and the risk-free rate) used in the measurement process which have a significant effect on the estimated self-insurance reserve. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company s controls over the self-insurance reserve process. For example, we tested controls over management s review of the self-insurance reserve calculations, the significant actuarial assumptions and the data inputs provided to the actuary. To evaluate the self-insurance reserve, our audit procedures included, among others, assessing the methodologies used, evaluating the significant actuarial assumptions discussed above and testing the completeness and the accuracy of the underlying claims data used by the Company. We compared the actuarial assumptions used by management to historical trends and evaluated the change in the self-insurance reserve from the prior year due to changes in these assumptions. In addition, we involved our actuarial specialists to assist in assessing the valuation methodologies and significant assumptions used in the valuation analysis, we evaluated management s methodology for determining the risk-free interest rate utilized in measuring the net present value of the long-term portion of the self-insurance reserve, we compared the significant assumptions used by management to industry accepted actuarial assumptions and we compared the Company s reserve to a range developed by our actuarial specialists based on assumptions developed by the specialists. /s/ Ernst Young LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 1988. Memphis, Tennessee October 28, 2024 

 45 

Table of Contents 
 AutoZone, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Income 

Year Ended August 31, August 26, August 27, 2024 2023 2022 (in thousands, except per share data) (53 weeks) (52 weeks) (52 weeks) Net sales Cost of sales, including warehouse and delivery expenses Gross profit Operating, selling, general and administrative expenses Operating profit Interest expense, net Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Weighted average shares for basic earnings per share Effect of dilutive stock equivalents Weighted average shares for diluted earnings per share Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. AutoZone, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

Year Ended August 31, August 26, August 27, 2024 2023 2022 (in thousands) (53 weeks) (52 weeks) (52 weeks) Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Unrealized gains (losses) on marketable debt securities, net of taxes ) Net derivative activities, net of taxes Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) Comprehensive income (1) See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 46 

Table of Contents 
 AutoZone, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets 

August 31, August 26, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Merchandise inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment: Land Buildings and improvements Equipment Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Property and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Deferred income taxes Other long-term assets Total long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable Current portion of operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other Income taxes payable Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities, less current portion Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders deficit: Preferred stock, authorized shares; shares issued Common stock, par value per share, authorized shares; shares issued and shares outstanding as of August 31, 2024; shares issued and shares outstanding as of August 26, 2023 Additional paid-in capital Retained deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 47 

Table of Contents 
 AutoZone, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended August 31, August 26, August 27, 2024 2023 2022 (in thousands) (53 weeks) (52 weeks) (52 weeks) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment Other non-cash (income) charges ) Amortization of debt origination fees Deferred income taxes ) ) Share-based compensation expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Merchandise inventories ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Income taxes ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Purchase of marketable debt securities ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of marketable debt securities Investment in tax credit equity investments ) ) ) Other, net Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net (payments of)/proceeds from commercial paper ) Proceeds from issuance of debt Repayment of debt ) ) ) Net proceeds from sale of common stock Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Repayment of principal portion of finance lease liabilities ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Interest paid, net of interest cost capitalized Income taxes paid Leased assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 48 

Table of Contents 
 AutoZone, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 

Accumulated Common Additional Other Shares Common Paid-in Retained Comprehensive Treasury (in thousands) Issued Stock Capital Deficit Loss Stock Total Balance at August 28, 2021 ) ) ) ) Net income Total other comprehensive income Purchase of shares of treasury stock ) ) Retirement of treasury shares ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock options and stock purchase plans Share-based compensation expense Balance at August 27, 2022 ) ) ) ) Net income Total other comprehensive income Purchase of shares of treasury stock ) ) Retirement of treasury shares ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock options and stock purchase plans Share-based compensation expense Balance at August 26, 2023 ) ) ) ) Net income Total other comprehensive loss ) ) Purchase of shares of treasury stock ) ) Retirement of treasury shares ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock options and stock purchase plans Share-based compensation expense Balance at August 31, 2024 ) ) ) ) See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 49 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements stores in the U.S., stores in Mexico and stores in Brazil. Each store carries an extensive product line for cars, sport utility vehicles, vans and light duty trucks, including new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products. At the end of fiscal 2024, in of the domestic stores as well as the vast majority of our stores in Mexico and Brazil, we had a commercial sales program that provided prompt delivery of parts and other products and commercial credit to local, regional and national repair garages, dealers, service stations, fleet owners and other accounts. We also sell automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products through www.autozone.com, and our commercial customers can make purchases through www.autozonepro.com. Additionally, the Company sells the ALLDATA brand automotive diagnostic, repair, collision and shop management software through www.alldata.com. The Company also provides product information on its Duralast branded products through www.duralastparts.com. The Company does not derive revenue from automotive repair or installation services. million as of August 31, 2024 and million as of August 26, 2023 and was included within the Other long-term assets caption in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of August 31, 2024, the Company had commitments to make certain additional capital contributions to one of its tax credit funds totaling million. . Cash equivalents include proceeds due from credit and debit card transactions with settlement terms of . Credit and debit card receivables included within cash and cash equivalents were million at August 31, 2024 and million at August 26, 2023. Cash balances are held in various locations around the world. Cash and cash equivalents of million and million were held outside of the U.S. as of August 31, 2024, and August 26, 2023, respectively, and were generally utilized to support the liquidity needs in foreign operations. 

 50 

Table of Contents 
 million at August 31, 2024, and million at August 26, 2023. million at August 31, 2024 and million at August 26, 2023. Increases to the Company s LIFO credit reserve balance are recorded as a non-cash charge to cost of sales and decreases are recorded as a non-cash benefit to cost of sales. ; building improvements, 5 to ; equipment, including software, 3 to ; and leasehold improvements, over the shorter of the asset s estimated useful life or the remaining lease term, which includes any reasonably assured renewal periods. Depreciation and amortization include amortization of assets under finance leases. 

 51 

Table of Contents 
 million of goodwill, which is allocated to the Domestic Auto Parts operating segment at August 31, 2024 and August 26, 2023. The Company performs its annual impairment assessment in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, unless circumstances dictate more frequent assessments. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024 and 2023, the Company concluded its remaining goodwill was not impaired. million and million at August 31, 2024 and August 26, 2023, respectively. The assumptions made by management in estimating its self-insurance reserves include consideration of historical cost experience, judgments about the present and expected levels of cost per claim and retention levels. The Company utilizes various methods, including analyses of historical trends and use of a specialist, to estimate the costs to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported. The actuarial methods develop estimates of the future ultimate claim costs based on claims incurred as of the balance sheet date. When estimating these liabilities, the Company considers factors, such as the severity, duration and frequency of claims, legal costs associated with claims, healthcare trends and projected inflation of related factors. The Company s liabilities for workers compensation, general and product liability, property and vehicle claims do not have scheduled maturities; however, the timing of future payments is predictable based on historical patterns and 

 52 

Table of Contents 
 Vehicle finance leases typically have original terms between one and . The Company subleases certain properties that are not used in its operations. Sublease income was not significant for the periods presented. Lease-related assets and liabilities are recognized for all leases with an initial term of 12 months or greater. The exercise of lease renewal options is at the Company s sole discretion. The Company evaluates renewal options at commencement and on an ongoing basis and includes options that are reasonably certain to exercise in its expected lease terms when classifying leases and measuring lease liabilities. Certain lease agreements require variable payments based upon actual costs of common-area maintenance, real estate taxes and insurance. Lease components are not separated from the non-lease components (typically fixed common-area maintenance costs at its retail store locations) for all classes of leased assets, except vehicles which contain variable non-lease components that are expensed as incurred. The Company uses the stated borrowing rate in determining the present value of the lease payments over the lease term for vehicles. The Company s incremental borrowing rate is used to determine the present value of the lease payments over the lease term for substantially all the operating and financing leases for retail stores, distribution centers and other real estate, as these leases typically do not have a stated borrowing rate. For operating leases that commenced prior to the date of adoption of ASU 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842), the Company used the incremental borrowing rate that corresponded to the remaining lease term as of the date of adoption. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. (Refer to Note D Leases for additional disclosures regarding the Company s leases.) likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company reevaluates these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis or when new information becomes available to management. These reevaluations are based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, successfully settled issues under audit, expirations due to statutes and new audit activity. Such a change in recognition or measurement could result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an increase to the tax accrual. 

 53 

Table of Contents 

54 

Table of Contents 
 million in fiscal 2024, million in fiscal 2023 and million in fiscal 2022. Vendor promotional funds, which reduced advertising expense, amounted to million in fiscal 2024, million in fiscal 2023 and million in fiscal 2022. to lifetime. In most cases, the Company s vendors are primarily responsible for warranty claims. Warranty costs relating to merchandise sold under warranty not covered by vendors are estimated and recorded as warranty obligations at the time of sale based on each product s historical return rate. These obligations, which are often funded by vendor allowances, are recorded within the Accrued expenses and other caption in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For vendor allowances in excess of the related estimated warranty expense for the vendor s products, the excess is recorded in inventory and recognized as a reduction to cost of sales as the related inventory is sold. , and stock 

 55 

Table of Contents 
 percent of the Company s total revenues and one individual vendor provided percent of our total purchases. No other class of similar products accounted for 10 percent or more of total revenues, and no other individual vendor provided more than 10 percent of total purchases. 

 56 

Table of Contents 
 Other long-term assets 

August 26, 2023 (in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Fair Value Other current assets Other long-term assets At August 31, 2024, the fair value measurement amounts for assets and liabilities recorded in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet consisted of short-term marketable debt securities of million, which are included within Other current assets and long-term marketable debt securities of million, which are included within Other long-term assets. The Company s marketable debt securities are typically valued at the closing price in the principal active market as of the last business day of the quarter or through the use of other market inputs relating to the debt securities, including benchmark yields and reported trades. A discussion on how the Company s cash flow hedges are valued is included in Note L Derivative Financial Instruments, while the fair values of the marketable debt securities by asset class are described in Note C Marketable Debt Securities. Non-Financial Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis Certain non-financial assets and liabilities are required to be measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis in certain circumstances, including the event of impairment. These non-financial assets and liabilities could include assets and liabilities acquired in an acquisition as well as goodwill, intangible assets and property, plant and equipment that are determined to be impaired. At August 31, 2024, the Company did not have any other significant non-financial assets or liabilities that had been measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis subsequent to initial recognition. Financial Instruments not Recognized at Fair Value The Company has financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, other current assets and accounts payable. The carrying amounts of these financial instruments approximate fair value because of their short maturities. A discussion of the carrying values and fair values of the Company s debt is included in Note I Financing. 

 57 

Table of Contents 
 ) Government bonds ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Asset-backed securities and other ) ) 

August 26, 2023 Amortized Gross Gross Cost Unrealized Unrealized Fair (in thousands) Basis Gains Losses Value Corporate debt securities ) Government bonds ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Asset-backed securities and other ) ) The marketable debt securities held at August 31, 2024, had effective maturities ranging from . At August 31, 2024, the Company held securities that are in an unrealized loss position of approximately million. In evaluating whether a credit loss exists for the securities, the Company considers factors such as the severity of the loss position, the credit worthiness of the investee, the term to maturity and the intent and ability to hold the investments until maturity or until recovery of fair value. An allowance for credit losses was deemed unnecessary given consideration of the factors above. The Company did not realize any material gains or losses on its marketable debt securities during fiscal 2024, 2023 or 2022. Included above in total marketable debt securities are million and million of marketable debt securities transferred by the Company s insurance captive to a trust account to secure its obligations to an insurance company related to future workers compensation and casualty losses as of August 31, 2024 and August 26, 2023, respectively. 

 58 

Table of Contents 
 Finance Property and equipment Total lease assets Liabilities: Current: Operating Current portion of operating lease liabilities Finance Accrued expenses and other Noncurrent: Operating Operating lease liabilities, less current portion Finance Other long-term liabilities Total lease liabilities Accumulated amortization related to finance lease assets was million as of August 31, 2024 and million as of August 26, 2023. Lease costs for finance and operating leases for the 53 weeks ended August 31, 2024 and 52 weeks ended August 26, 2023 are as follows: Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense, net Operating lease cost (1) Selling, general and administrative expenses Total lease cost 
 (1) Includes short-term leases, variable lease costs and sublease income, which are immaterial. 

59 

Table of Contents 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) ) ) Present value of lease liabilities The following table summarizes the Company s lease term and discount rate assumptions: Finance leases vehicles Operating leases Weighted-average discount rate: Finance leases real estate Finance leases vehicles Operating leases Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities of million and million was reflected in cash flows from operating activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of August 31, 2024, the Company has entered into additional leases which have not yet commenced and are therefore not part of the right-of-use asset and liability. These leases have undiscounted future payments of approximately million and million for real estate and vehicles, respectively, and will commence when the Company obtains possession of the underlying leased asset. Commencement dates are expected to be from fiscal to fiscal . International 

 60 

Table of Contents 
 State International Purchased tax credits ) ) ) Deferred tax provision (benefit): Federal ) State ) International ) ) ) Purchased tax credits ) ) ) Income tax expense State income taxes, net Share-based compensation ) ) ) US Tax on Non-U.S. Income (Subpart F) US Tax on Non-U.S. Income (GILTI) Non-U.S. Permanent Differences ) ) ) Non-US Rate Differences Foreign Tax Credits ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Effective tax rate For the year ended August 31, 2024, August 26, 2023, and August 27, 2022, the Company recognized excess tax benefits from stock option exercises of million, million, and million, respectively. The Company is subject to a tax on global intangible low-taxed income GILTI which is imposed on foreign earnings. The Company has made the election to record this tax as a period cost, thus has not adjusted the deferred tax assets or liabilities of its foreign subsidiaries for this tax. 

 61 

Table of Contents 
 Accrued benefits Operating lease liabilities Federal credit carryforwards Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowances ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment ) ) Inventory ) ) Operating lease assets ) ) Other ) ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) For the year ended August 31, 2024, the Company asserts indefinite reinvestment for basis differences and accumulated earnings through fiscal 2020 with respect to its foreign subsidiaries. The Company does not assert permanent reinvestment of fiscal 2021 through current year earnings with respect to its Mexican subsidiaries while maintaining its assertion of indefinite reinvestment of fiscal 2021 through current year earnings of other foreign subsidiaries. Where necessary, taxes resulting from foreign distributions of current and accumulated earnings (e.g., withholding taxes) have been considered in the Company s provision for income taxes. As of August 31, 2024, we have not recorded incremental income taxes for outside basis differences of million in our investments in foreign subsidiaries, as these amounts are indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. Determining the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to the outside basis differences in these entities is not practicable. The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development has issued Pillar Two model rules introducing a new global minimum tax of intended to be effective for our tax periods ending August 30, 2025 and forward. While the U.S. has not yet adopted the Pillar Two rules, various other governments around the world are enacting similar legislation. As currently designed, Pillar Two will ultimately apply to our worldwide operations. There remains uncertainty as to the final Pillar Two model rules. We are continuing to evaluate the Pillar Two rules and their potential impact on future periods, but we do not expect the rules to have a material impact on our effective tax rate. At August 31, 2024 and August 26, 2023, the Company had net operating loss NOL carryforwards totaling approximately million million tax effected) and million million tax effected), respectively. Certain NOLs have no expiration date and others will expire, if not utilized, in various years from fiscal through . At August 31, 2024 and August 26, 2023, the Company had deferred tax assets for income tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively. Income tax credit carryforwards will expire, if not utilized, in various years from fiscal through . Pursuant to provisions under the Inflation Reduction Act, enacted in August of 2022, the Company purchased transferable federal tax credits during fiscal year 2024 from various counterparties. Such federal tax credits were purchased at negotiated discounts, resulting in an income tax benefit recorded during the year ended August 31, 

 62 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively, on deferred tax assets associated with NOL and tax credit carryforwards for which management has determined it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will not be realized. Management believes it is more likely than not that the remaining deferred tax assets will be fully realized given the extended carryforward periods referenced. Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) Reductions due to settlements ) ) Reductions due to statute of limitations ) ) Ending balance Included in the August 31, 2024 and the August 26, 2023 balances are million and million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would reduce the Company s effective tax rate. The balances above also include amounts of million and million for August 31, 2024 and August 26, 2023, respectively, that are accounted for as reductions to deferred tax assets for NOL carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. It is anticipated that in the event the associated uncertain tax positions are disallowed, the NOL carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards would be utilized to settle the liability. The Company accrues interest on unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. Penalties, if incurred, would be recognized as a component of income tax expense. The Company had million and million accrued for the payment of interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits at August 31, 2024 and August 26, 2023, respectively. The Company files U.S. federal, U.S. state and local, and international income tax returns. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, U.S. state and local, or Non-U.S. examinations by tax authorities for fiscal year 2020 and prior. The Company is typically engaged in various tax examinations at any given time by U.S. federal, U.S. state and local, and Non-U.S. taxing jurisdictions. As of August 31, 2024, the Company estimates that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits could be reduced by approximately million over the next twelve months as a result of tax audit settlements. While the Company believes that it is adequately accrued for possible audit adjustments, the final resolution of these examinations cannot be determined at this time and could result in final settlements that differ from current estimates. billion and billion, respectively, which are included in Accounts payable and million and million, respectively, which are included in Other long-term liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 63 

Table of Contents 
 Property, sales and other taxes Finance lease liabilities Medical and casualty insurance claims (current portion) Accrued interest Accrued gift cards Accrued sales and warranty returns Other The Company retains a significant portion of the insurance risks associated with workers compensation, general, product liability, property and vehicle insurance. A portion of these self-insured losses is managed through a wholly owned insurance captive. The Company maintains certain levels for stop-loss coverage for each self-insured plan in order to limit its liability for large claims. The retained limits per claim type are million for workers compensation, million for auto liability, million for property and million for general and product liability. 

 64 

Table of Contents 
 Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Senior Notes due , effective interest rate Commercial paper, weighted average interest rate at August 31, 2024 and at August 26, 2023 Total debt before discounts and debt issuance costs Less: Discounts and debt issuance costs Long-term debt On November 15, 2021, the Company amended and restated its existing revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Agreement pursuant to which the Company s borrowing capacity was increased from billion to billion and the maximum borrowing under the Revolving Credit Agreement may, at the Company s option, subject to lenders approval, be increased from billion to billion. On November 15, 2022, the Company amended the Revolving Credit Agreement, extending the termination date by . As amended, the Revolving Credit Agreement will terminate, and all amounts borrowed will be due and payable, on , but the Company may make one additional request to extend the termination date for an additional period of . Revolving borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement may be base rate loans, SOFR loans, or a combination of both, at AutoZone s election. The Revolving Credit Agreement includes (i) a million sublimit for swingline loans, (ii) a million individual issuer letter of credit sublimit and (iii) a million aggregate sublimit for all letters of credit. Under the Company s Revolving Credit Agreement, covenants include restrictions on liens, a maximum debt to earnings ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a change of control provision that may require acceleration of the repayment obligations under certain circumstances. As of August 31, 2024, the Company had outstanding borrowings and million of outstanding letters of credit under the Revolving Credit Agreement. The Revolving Credit Agreement requires that the Company s consolidated interest coverage ratio as of the last day of each quarter shall be no less than :1. This ratio is defined as the ratio of (i) consolidated earnings before interest, taxes and rents to (ii) consolidated interest expense plus consolidated rents. The Company s consolidated interest coverage ratio as of August 31, 2024 was :1. 

 65 

Table of Contents 
 million of commercial paper borrowings, the million Senior Notes due April 2025 and the million Senior Notes due April 2025 were classified as long-term in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as the Company currently has the ability and intent to refinance them on a long-term basis through available capacity in its Revolving Credit Agreement. As of August 31, 2024, the Company had billion of availability under its Revolving Credit Agreement, without giving effect to commercial paper borrowings, which would allow the Company to replace these short-term obligations with a long-term financing facility. On April 18, 2024, the Company repaid its outstanding million Senior Notes due April 2024. On July 17, 2023, the Company repaid its outstanding million Senior Notes due July 2023. On January 17, 2023, the Company repaid its outstanding million Senior Notes due January 2023. On January 18, 2022, the Company repaid the million Senior Notes due April 2022, which were callable at par in January 2022. On June 28, 2024, the Company issued million in Senior Notes due July 2029 and million Senior Notes due July 2034 under the automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3, filed with the SEC on July 19, 2022 (File No. 333-266209) (the 2022 Shelf Registration Statement ). The 2022 Shelf Registration Statement allows us to sell an indeterminate amount in debt securities to fund general corporate purposes, including repaying, redeeming or repurchasing outstanding debt and for working capital, capital expenditures, new store or distribution center openings, stock repurchases and acquisitions. Proceeds from the debt issuance were used to repay a portion of our outstanding commercial paper borrowings and for other general corporate purposes. On October 25, 2023, the Company issued million in Senior Notes due November 2028 and million Senior Notes due November 2033 under the 2022 Shelf Registration Statement. Proceeds from the debt issuance were used for general corporate purposes. On July 21, 2023, the Company issued million in Senior Notes due July 2026 and million in Senior Notes due August 2033 under the 2022 Shelf Registration Statement. Proceeds from the debt issuance were used for general corporate purposes. On January 27, 2023, the Company issued million in Senior Notes due February 2028 and million in Senior Notes due February 2033 under the 2022 Shelf Registration Statement. Proceeds from the debt issuance were used to repay a portion of the Company s outstanding commercial paper borrowings and for other general corporate purposes. On August 1, 2022, the Company issued million in Senior Notes due August 2032 under the 2022 Shelf Registration Statement. Proceeds from the debt issuance were used to repay a portion of the outstanding commercial paper borrowings and for other general corporate purposes. The Senior Notes contain a provision that repayment of the Senior Notes may be accelerated if the Company experiences a change in control (as defined in the agreements). The Company s borrowings under its senior notes contain minimal covenants, primarily restrictions on liens. All of the repayment obligations under its borrowing arrangements may be accelerated and come due prior to the scheduled payment date if covenants are breached or an event of default occurs. Interest for Senior Notes is paid on a semi-annual basis. The Company also maintains a letter of credit facility that allows it to request the participating bank to issue letters of credit on its behalf up to an aggregate amount of million. The letter of credit facility is in addition to the letters of credit that may be issued under the Revolving Credit Agreement and expired in June 2022. On May 16, 2022, the Company amended and restated the letter of credit facility to, among other things, extend the facility 

 66 

Table of Contents 
 letters of credit outstanding under the letter of credit facility. In addition to the outstanding letters of credit issued under the committed facility discussed above, the Company had million in letters of credit outstanding as of August 31, 2024. These letters of credit have various maturity dates and were issued on an uncommitted basis. As of August 31, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to its borrowing arrangements. The fair value of the Company s debt was estimated at billion as of August 31, 2024, and billion as of August 26, 2023, based on the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues or on the current rates available to the Company for debt of the same terms (Level 2). Such fair value is greater than the carrying value of debt by million and less than the carrying value of debt by million at August 31, 2024 and August 26, 2023, respectively. This amount reflects face amount, adjusted for any unamortized debt issuance costs and discounts. All of the Company s debt is unsecured. Scheduled maturities of debt are as follows: 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Subtotal Discount and debt issuance costs Total Debt Interest income ) ) ) Capitalized interest ) ) ) billion on December 20, 2023 and billion on June 19, 2024, bringing the total authorization to billion. Previously, the Board voted to increase the authorization by billion in fiscal 2023 and billion in fiscal 2022. The Company has billion remaining under the Board s authorization to repurchase its common stock. 

 67 

Table of Contents 
 Shares During fiscal year 2024, the Company retired million shares of treasury stock which had previously been repurchased under the Company s share repurchase program. The retirement increased Retained deficit by billion and decreased Additional paid-in capital by million. During the comparable prior year period, the Company retired million shares of treasury stock, which increased Retained deficit by billion and decreased Additional paid-in capital by million. Subsequent to August 31, 2024 and through October 21, 2024, the Company has repurchased shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of million. Considering the cumulative repurchases through October 21, 2024, the Company has billion remaining under the Board s authorization to repurchase its common stock. million (excluding the impact of deferred taxes) recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss related to net realized losses associated with terminated interest rate swap and treasury rate lock derivatives which were designated as hedging instruments. Net losses are amortized into Interest expense over the remaining life of the associated debt. During fiscal 2024 and 2023, the Company reclassified million and million of net losses from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss to Interest expense, respectively. The Company expects to reclassify million of net losses from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss to Interest expense over the next 12 months. 

 68 

Table of Contents) ) ) ) Other Comprehensive Income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (2) ) Balance at August 26, 2023 ) ) ) ) Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (2) ) Balance at August 31, 2024 ) ) ) (1) Foreign currency is shown net of U.S. tax to account for foreign currency impacts of certain undistributed non-U.S. subsidiaries earnings. Other foreign currency is not shown net of additional U.S. tax as other basis differences of non-U.S. subsidiaries are intended to be permanently reinvested. (2) Amounts shown are net of taxes/tax benefits. 
 vesting of Company contributions and a savings option up to of qualified earnings. The Company makes matching contributions, per pay period, up to a specified percentage of employees contributions as approved by the Board. The Company made matching contributions to employee accounts in connection with the 401(k) plan of million in fiscal 2024, million in fiscal 2023 and million in fiscal 2022. percent of his or her annual salary and bonus. Amended and Restated AutoZone, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan On December 15, 2010, the Company s stockholders approved the 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the 2011 Plan ), allowing the Company to provide equity-based compensation to non-employee directors and employees for their service to AutoZone or its subsidiaries or affiliates. Prior to the Company s adoption of the 2011 Plan, equity-based compensation was provided to employees under the 2006 Stock Option Plan and to non-employee directors under the 2003 Director Compensation Plan (the 2003 Comp Plan ). During fiscal 2016, the Company s stockholders approved the Amended and Restated AutoZone, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the Amended 2011 Equity Plan ). The Amended 2011 Equity Plan imposes a maximum limit on the compensation, measured as the sum of any cash compensation and the aggregate grant date fair value of 

 69 

Table of Contents 
 term on the Amended 2011 Equity Plan through December 16, 2025 and extends the Company s ability to grant incentive stock options under the Amended 2011 Equity Plan through October 7, 2025. AutoZone, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan On December 16, 2020, the Company s stockholders approved the AutoZone, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan (the 2020 Omnibus Plan ), which serves as the successor to the Amended 2011 Equity Plan. The 2020 Omnibus Plan provides equity-based compensation to our non-employee directors and employees for their service to AutoZone or our subsidiaries or affiliates. Under the 2020 Omnibus Plan, participants may receive equity-based compensation in the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, dividend equivalents, deferred stock, stock payments, performance based awards, cash based awards and other incentive awards structured by the Compensation Committee and the Board within parameters set forth in the 2020 Omnibus Plan. AutoZone, Inc. Director Compensation Program Under the Company s Director Compensation Program (the Program ), non-employee directors will receive their compensation in awards of restricted stock units under the 2020 Omnibus Plan, with an option for a certain portion of a director s compensation to be paid in cash at the non-employee director s election. Under the Program, restricted stock units are granted on January 1 of each year (the Grant Date ). The number of restricted stock units is determined by dividing the amount of the annual retainer by the fair market value of the shares of common stock as of the Grant Date. The restricted stock units are fully vested on the date of grant and are paid in shares of the Company s common stock on the first or the fifth anniversary of the Grant Date (at the Director s election) or if sooner, the date the non-employee director ceases to be a member of the Board Separation from Service ). The cash portion of the award, if elected, is paid ratably over each calendar quarter. Total share-based compensation expense (a component of Operating, selling, general and administrative expenses) was million, million and million for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. General terms and methods of valuation for the Company s share-based awards are as follows: Stock Options The Company grants options to purchase common stock to certain of its employees under the 2020 Omnibus Plan at prices equal to the market value of the stock on the date of grant. Options have a term of from grant date. Option-vesting periods range from four to , with the vast majority of options vesting ratably over . Options generally have after the service relationship ends, or after death, to exercise all vested options, unless retirement provisions are met. The fair value of each option grant is separately estimated for each vesting date. The fair value of each option is amortized into compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, less estimated forfeitures. Employees who meet the qualified retirement provisions under the 2020 Omnibus Plan are assumed to have a forfeiture rate. All other employee grants assume a forfeiture rate, which is based on historical experience. The Company has estimated the fair value of all stock option awards as of the date of the grant by applying the Black-Scholes-Merton multiple-option pricing valuation model. The following table presents the weighted average 

 70 

Table of Contents 
 Risk-free interest rate Weighted average expected lives (in years) Forfeiture rate Dividend yield The following methodologies were applied in developing the assumptions used in determining the fair value of options granted: Expected price volatility This is a measure of the amount by which a price has fluctuated or is expected to fluctuate. The Company uses actual historical changes in the market value of its stock to calculate the volatility assumption as it is management s belief that this is the best indicator of future volatility. The Company calculates daily market value changes from the date of grant over a past period representative of the expected life of the options to determine volatility. An increase in the expected volatility will increase compensation expense. Risk-free interest rate This is the U.S. Treasury rate for the week of the grant having a term equal to the expected life of the option. An increase in the risk-free interest rate will increase compensation expense. Expected lives This is the period of time over which the options granted are expected to remain outstanding and is based on historical experience. Separate groups of employees that have similar historical exercise behavior are considered separately for valuation purposes. Options granted have a maximum term of . An increase in the expected life will increase compensation expense. Forfeiture rate This is the estimated percentage of options granted that are expected to be forfeited or canceled before becoming fully vested. This estimate is based on historical experience at the time of valuation and reduces expense ratably over the vesting period. An increase in the forfeiture rate will decrease compensation expense. This estimate is evaluated periodically based on the extent to which actual forfeitures differ, or are expected to differ, from the previous estimate. Dividend yield The Company has not made any dividend payments nor does it have plans to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. An increase in the dividend yield will decrease compensation expense. The weighted average grant date fair value per share of options granted was , and during fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The intrinsic value of options exercised was million, million and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The total fair value of options vested was million, million and million in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

 71 

Table of Contents 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Cancelled ) Outstanding August 31, 2024 Exercisable Expected to vest Available for future grants As of August 31, 2024, total unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to stock options, net of estimated forfeitures, was approximately million, before income taxes, and will be recognized over an estimated weighted average period of years. Restricted Stock Units Restricted stock unit awards are valued at the market price of a share of the Company s stock on the date of grant and vest ratably on an annual basis over a service period and are payable in shares of common stock on the vesting date. Compensation expense for grants of employee restricted stock units is recognized on a straight-line basis over the service period, less estimated forfeitures, which are consistent with stock option forfeiture assumptions. As of August 31, 2024, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to nonvested restricted stock unit awards, net of estimated forfeitures, was approximately million, before income taxes, which we expect to recognize over an estimated weighted average period of years. Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at August 31, 2024 Stock Appreciation Rights At August 31, 2024 and August 26, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively of accrued compensation expense. There were outstanding units issued under the 2003 Comp Plan and prior plans. As directors retire, this balance will be reduced. additional shares of stock or units will be issued in future years under the 2003 Comp Plan or prior plans. 

 72 

Table of Contents 
 million, million and million in compensation expense related to the discount on the selling of shares to employees and executives under the various share purchase plans in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Under the Employee Plan, , and shares were sold to employees in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company repurchased shares in fiscal 2022 at market value from employees electing to sell their stock. Purchases under the Executive Plan were , and shares in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Issuances of shares under the Employee Plan are netted against repurchases and such repurchases are not included in share repurchases disclosed in Note K Stock Repurchase Program. At August 31, 2024, shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance under the Employee Plan, and shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance under the Executive Plan. million at August 31, 2024. The Company had million in outstanding standby letters of credit and million in surety bonds as of August 31, 2024, which all have expiration periods of less than . A substantial portion of the outstanding standby letters of credit (which are primarily renewed on an annual basis) and surety bonds are used to cover reimbursement obligations to our workers compensation carriers. There are no additional contingent liabilities associated with these instruments as the underlying liabilities are already reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The standby letters of credit and surety bonds arrangements have automatic renewal clauses. The Company has entered into agreements to make capital contributions to certain tax credit instruments upon the completion of project milestones. As of August 31, 2024, the Company had commitments to make certain additional capital contributions to these tax credit instruments totaling million in fiscal 2025. reportable segment: Auto Parts Stores. The criteria the Company used to identify the reportable segment are primarily the nature of the products the Company sells and the operating results that are regularly reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision maker to make decisions about the resources to be allocated to the business units and to assess performance. The accounting policies of the Company s reportable segment are the same as those described in Note A Significant Accounting Policies. The Auto Parts Stores segment is the leading retailer and distributor of automotive parts and accessories through the Company s stores in the U.S., Mexico and Brazil. Each store carries an extensive product line for cars, sport utility vehicles, vans and light duty trucks, including new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products. The Other category reflects business activities of operating segments that are not separately reportable due to the materiality of these operating segments. The operating segments include ALLDATA, which produces, sells and maintains diagnostic, repair, collision and shop management software used in the automotive repair industry and E-commerce, which includes direct sales to customers through www.autozone.com for sales that are not fulfilled by local stores. 

 73 

Table of Contents 
 Other Total Segment Profit Auto Parts Stores Other Gross profit Operating, selling, general and administrative expenses ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Income before income taxes Segment Assets: Auto Parts Stores Other Total Capital Expenditures: Auto Parts Stores Other Total Auto Parts Stores Sales by Product Grouping: Failure Maintenance items Discretionary Auto Parts Stores net sales The following table presents the Company s net sales disaggregated by geographical area: Mexico Brazil Total The Company s long-lived assets, consisting primarily of property and equipment, net and operating lease right-of-use assets, within the United States were , and in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. No individual country outside of the United States had long-lived assets that were material to the consolidated totals. Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Not applicable. 

 74 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of August 31, 2024, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of AutoZone s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as amended. Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of August 31, 2024. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A report of AutoZone s management on our internal control over financial reporting (as such term defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) and a report of Ernst Young, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, on the effectiveness of AutoZone s internal control over financial reporting are included in Part I, Item 8 of this document and is incorporated herein by reference. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended August 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm Our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024 has been audited by Ernst Young, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, which also audited our Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended August 31, 2024, as stated in their report included herein, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2024. Item 9B. Other Information None. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, during the quarterly period ended August 31, 2024, officer or director of the Company any Rule 10b5-1 trading agreement or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each item is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 

 75 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Certain information required by Part III is incorporated by reference from AutoZone s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on December 18, 2024 (our Proxy Statement ). Except for those portions specifically incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference to the Proxy Statement, no other portions of the Proxy Statement are deemed to be filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information set forth in Part I, Item 1 of this document in the section entitled Information about our Executive Officers, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. Additionally, the information contained in AutoZone, Inc. s Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, in the sections entitled Corporate Governance Matters, Proposal 1 Election of Directors and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. The Company has adopted a Code of Ethical Conduct for Financial Executives that applies to its chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief accounting officer and other financial executives. The Company has made the Code of Ethical Conduct available at www.autozone.com, which can be accessed by clicking Investor Relations located at the bottom of the page. We have adopted insider trading policies and procedures that we believe are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and applicable listing standards. Our Insider Trading Policy states that our directors, officers, and employees are prohibited from trading in securities of AutoZone and other companies while in possession of material, nonpublic information and also that our employees are prohibited from disclosing material, nonpublic information of AutoZone or another publicly traded company to others who may trade on the basis of that information. Additionally, our policy also describes the Company s procedures relating to quarterly and non-routine quiet periods during which time directors, officers and designated employees are prohibited from entering into certain transactions involving AutoZone securities. In addition, directors and officers of the company are required, in all circumstances, to obtain prior approval of transactions involving AutoZone securities. The foregoing summary of our insider trading policies and procedures does not purport to be complete and is qualified by reference to our Insider Trading Policy filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information contained in AutoZone, Inc. s Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, in the section entitled Executive Compensation, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information contained in AutoZone, Inc. s Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, in the sections entitled Security Ownership of Management and Board of Directors, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Equity Compensation Plans is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information contained in AutoZone, Inc. s Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, in the sections entitled Related Party Transactions and Corporate Governance Matters Independence is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 

 76 

Table of Contents 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The information contained in AutoZone, Inc. s Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, in the section entitled Proposal 2 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 

 77 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules The following information required under this item is filed as part of this report. (a) Financial Statements The following financial statements, related notes and reports of independent registered public accounting firm are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Part II, Item 8: 

 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, August 26, 2023 and August 27, 2022 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, August 26, 2023 and August 27, 2022 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2024 and August 26, 2023 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, August 26, 2023 and August 27, 2022 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2024, August 26, 2023 and August 27, 2022 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (b) Exhibits The following exhibits are being filed herewith: 

3.1 Restated Articles of Incorporation of AutoZone, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended February 13, 1999. 3.2 Eighth Amended and Restated By-Laws of AutoZone, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 23, 2023. 4.1 Indenture dated as of August 8, 2003, between AutoZone, Inc. and Bank One Trust Company, N.A. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-107828) filed August 11, 2003. 4.2 Agreement of Resignation, Appointment and Acceptance by and among AutoZone, Inc., The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as prior Trustee, and Regions Bank, as successor Trustee, dated January 29, 2019. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-230719), filed April 4, 2019). 4.3 Officers Certificate dated April 29, 2015, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 3.250 Senior Notes due 2025. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 29, 2015. 4.4 Form of 3.250 Senior Notes due 2025. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 29, 2015. 4.5 Officers Certificate dated April 21, 2016, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 3.125 Senior Notes due 2026. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 21, 2016. 

 78 

Table of Contents 
 4.6 Form 3.125 Senior Notes due 2026. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 21, 2016. 4.7 Officers Certificate dated April 18, 2017, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 3.750 Senior Notes due 2027. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2017. 4.8 Form of 3.750 Senior Notes due 2027. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2017. 4.9 Officers Certificate dated April 18, 2019, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 3.125 Senior Notes due 2024. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2019. 4.10 Officers Certificate dated April 18, 2019, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 3.750 Senior Notes due 2029. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2019. 4.11 Form of 3.125 Senior Notes due 2024. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2019. 4.12 Form of 3.750 Senior Notes due 2029. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2019. 4.13 Officers Certificate dated March 30, 2020, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture, dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 3.625 Senior Notes due 2025. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 30, 2020. 4.14 Officers Certificate dated March 30, 2020, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture, dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 4.000 Senior Notes due 2030. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 30, 2020. 4.15 Form of 3.625 Senior Notes due 2025. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 30, 2020. 4.16 Form of 4.000 Senior Notes due 2030. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 30, 2020. 4.17 Form of 4.000 Senior Notes due 2030. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 30, 2020. 4.18 Form of 1.650 Senior Notes due 2031. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 14, 2020. 4.19 Form of 1.650 Senior Notes due 2031. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 14, 2020. 4.20 Officers Certificate dated August 14, 2020, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture, dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 1.650 Senior Notes due 2031. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 14, 2020. 

 79 

Table of Contents 
 4.21 Officers Certificate dated August 1, 2022, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 4.750 Senior Notes due 2032. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 1, 2022. 4.22 Form of 4.750 Senior Notes due 2032. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 1, 2022. 4.23 Officers Certificate dated January 27, 2023, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 4.500 Senior Notes due 2028. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 27, 2023. 4.24 Officers Certificate dated January 27, 2023, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 4.750 Senior Notes due 2033. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 27, 2023. 4.25 Form of 4.500 Senior Notes due 2028. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 27, 2023 . 4.26 Form of 4.750 Senior Notes due 2033. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 27, 2023. 4.27 Officers Certificate dated July 21, 2023, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 5.050 Senior Notes due 2026. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 21, 2023. 4.28 Officers Certificate dated July 21, 2023, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 5.200 Senior Notes due 2033. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 21, 2023 . 4.29 Form of 5.050 Note due 2026. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 21, 2023. 4.30 Form of 5.200 Note due 2033. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 21, 2023. 4.31 Officers Certificate dated October 25, 2023, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 6.250 Senior Notes due 202 8 . Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 25, 2023. 4.32 Officers Certificate dated October 25, 2023, pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 6.550 Senior Notes due 2033. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 25, 2023. 4.33 Form of 6.250 Note due 2028. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 25, 2023. 4.34 Form of 6.550 Note due 2033. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 25, 2023. 

 80 

Table of Contents 
 4.35 Officers Certificate dated J une 28, 2024 , pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 5.1 00 Senior Notes due 202 9 . Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated Jun e 28, 2024 . 4.36 Officers Certificate dated J une 28, 2024 , pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Indenture dated August 8, 2003, setting forth the terms of the 5.4 00 Senior Notes due 2034. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated Jun e 28, 2024 . 4.37 Form of 5.100 Note due 2029. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated Jun e 28, 2024 . 4.38 Form of 5.400 Note due 2034. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated Jun e 28, 2024 . 4.39 Description of Securities of AutoZone, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.24 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K dated October 28, 2019. 10.1 Second Amended and Restated 1998 Director Compensation Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 26, 2000. 10.2 AutoZone, Inc. 2003 Director Compensation Plan. Incorporated by reference to Appendix D to the definitive proxy statement dated November 1, 2002, for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held December 12, 2002. 10.3 Amended and Restated AutoZone, Inc. 2003 Director Compensation Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 4, 2008. 10.4 Form of non-compete and non-solicitation agreement for Section 16 executive officers and by AutoZone, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 26, 2023. 10.5 Agreement dated February 14, 2008, between AutoZone, Inc. and William C. Rhodes, III. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 15, 2008. 10.6 AutoZone, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the definitive proxy statement dated October 25, 2010, for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held December 15, 2010. 10.7 Form of Letter Agreement dated as of December 14, 2010, amending certain Stock Option Agreements of executive officers. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated December 16, 2010. 10.8 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated March 17, 2011. 10.9 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan for officers effective September 27, 2011. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 27, 2011. 

 81 

Table of Contents 
 10.10 AutoZone, Inc. Enhanced Severance Pay Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 27, 2022. 10.11 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan for certain executive officers effective September 27, 2011. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 27, 2011. 10.12 Agreement dated January 2, 2024 with Philip B. Daniele, III. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 3, 2024. 10.13 Amended and Restated AutoZone, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan dated June 13, 2023. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal year ended August 26, 2023. 10.14 AutoZone, Inc. Director Compensation Program effective January 1, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 26, 2023. 10.15 AutoZone, Inc. Director Compensation Program effective January 1, 2024. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated March 15, 2024. 10.16 Amended and Restated AutoZone, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan dated December 16, 2015. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the definitive proxy statement dated October 26, 2015, for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held December 16, 2015. 10.17 AutoZone, Inc. Sixth Amended and Restated Executive Stock Purchase Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the definitive proxy statement dated October 24, 2016, for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held December 14, 2016. 10.18 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan for officers effective September 27, 2011. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated December 17, 2018. 10.19 AutoZone, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 17, 2020. 10.20 Form of Grant Notice and Award Agreement for Stock Options granted to Officers under the AutoZone, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 17, 2020. 10.21 Form of Grant Notice and Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Units granted to Officers under the AutoZone, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 17, 2020. 10.22 Form of Grant Notice and Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Units granted to Directors under the AutoZone, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 17, 2020. 

 82 

Table of Contents 
 10.23 Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 15, 2021, among AutoZone, Inc. as Borrower, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 16, 2021. 10.24 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2022, among AutoZone, Inc. as borrower, the lenders party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as syndication agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 19, 2022. 10.25 Amendment No. 1 to the AutoZone, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 28, 2021. 10.26 Form of Grant Notice and Award Agreement for Stock Options granted to Officers under the AutoZone, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 26, 2023. 10.27 Form of Grant Notice and Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Units granted to Officers under the AutoZone, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 26, 2023 . 19.1 AutoZone, Inc. Insider Trading Policy . 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 97 AutoZone, Inc. Clawback Policy. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 26, 2023. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Document 

 83 

Table of Contents 
 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document 104 Cover Page Inline XBRL File Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Certificate of Principal Executive Officer furnished pursuant to Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K. c) Financial Statement Schedules Schedules are omitted because the information is not required or because the information required is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 

 84 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AUTOZONE, INC. By: /s/ Philip B. Daniele, III Philip B. Daniele, III President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: October 28, 2024 

 85 

Table of Contents 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

SIGNATURE TITLE DATE /s/ PHILIP B. DANIELE, III President and Chief Executive Officer October 28, 2024 Philip B. Daniele, III (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ JAMERE JACKSON Chief Financial Officer October 28, 2024 Jamere Jackson (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ J. SCOTT MURPHY Vice President and Controller October 28, 2024 J. Scott Murphy (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ WILLIAM C. RHODES, III Executive Chairman October 28, 2024 William C. Rhodes, III /s/ MICHAEL A. GEORGE Director October 28, 2024 Michael A. George /s/ LINDA A. GOODSPEED Director October 28, 2024 Linda A. Goodspeed /s/ EARL G. GRAVES, JR. Director October 28, 2024 Earl, G. Graves, Jr. /s/ ENDERSON GUIMARAES Director October 28, 2024 Enderson Guimaraes /s/ BRIAN HANNASCH Director October 28, 2024 Brian Hannasch /s/ D. BRYAN JORDAN Director October 28, 2024 D. Bryan Jordan /s/ GALE V. KING Director October 28, 2024 Gale V. King /s/ GEORGE R. MRKONIC, JR. Director October 28, 2024 George R. Mrkonic, Jr. /s/ JILL A. SOLTAU Director October 28, 2024 Jill A. Soltau 

 86 

<EX-19.1>
 2
 azo-20240831xex19d1.htm
 EX-19.1

Exhibit 19.1 
 AutoZone Insider Trading Policy 1. Introduction Federal and state securities laws make it illegal for any person to purchase or sell a security while in possession of material, nonpublic information relating to that company. This unlawful conduct is referred to as insider trading and may result in civil or criminal penalties. Preventing insider trading is necessary to preserve the reputation and integrity of AutoZone and AutoZoners. This Insider Trading Policy Policy applies to all AutoZoners, including employees, officers and the Board of Directors (individually, a Director ). The purpose of this Policy is to promote compliance with applicable securities laws and provide guidance to AutoZoners on what types of transactions are permitted and not permitted. A violation of this Policy may result in disciplinary action, potentially up to and including immediate termination of employment for cause. Anyone who has questions regarding this Policy should consult with the AutoZone Legal Department. See Section 9 of this Policy. Policy Contents 1. Introduction 2. Overview and Key Terms 3. Policies that apply to All AutoZoners 4. Policies that apply to AutoZoners on the Quiet List 5. Pre-Clearance Policies that apply to the CEO Team and Board of Directors 6. Additional Policies that apply to the Executive Committee and Board of Directors 7. Penalties for Non-Compliance 8. Other Important Policies 9. Questions and Concerns 2. Overview and Key Terms What is Insider Trading? The term insider trading refers to the purchase or sale of a security while in possession of material, nonpublic information relating to the security. Insider trading also occurs if you disclose or tip such material, nonpublic information to another person who purchases or sells the security. Securities include stocks and bonds, but also options, warrants and similar instruments. The terms purchase and sale are defined broadly under securities laws and extend to a broad range of transactions including conventional cash-for-stock transactions, the grant of stock options, exercises of warrants or puts, calls or other options and any other form of acquisition or disposition. Information is considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in making an investment decision. In other words, material information is something that might influence a person s decision to buy, sell or hold the security. It can be positive or negative, and it depends on the facts and circumstances. The following is a list of what may be deemed material information, depending on the specific facts and circumstances: Financial results or information including earnings, forecasts, or targets; Significant changes in revenue, earnings per share, store openings, inventory forecasts, or same store sales growth projections; Dividends or stock splits; 

Proposed equity or debt offerings; Significant borrowing or financing; Significant write-downs in assets or increases in reserves; Impairments, write-offs or restructurings of significant assets; Gain or loss of a substantial customer or supplier; Company, competitor or material supplier bankruptcies or liquidity concerns or developments; Changes in debt ratings; Change of independent registered public accounting firm; Changes in accounting methods or policies that may have a material impact; Significant product defects, modifications, or recalls; A pending or potential merger, acquisition, divestiture, asset sale, asset purchase or other transaction, even if discussions are preliminary in nature; The sale of a significant subsidiary; Major changes in senior management, board of directors or a change in control; Cybersecurity incidents involving significant business disruption or unauthorized access to data; Major environmental incidents; and Significant legal or regulatory developments. 
 Information is nonpublic if it is not generally known or available to the public. In order for information to be considered public, it must be widely disseminated by the Company in a manner that makes it generally available to all investors, usually through a press release, a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or a widely disseminated statement from a senior officer. The market should be given until the next day following the release of such nonpublic information to adequately receive and react to such news. Who is Subject to this Policy and these Rules? An insider is any person who possesses material, nonpublic information. Insiders can be officers, Directors, and employees of a company, or they can be independent contractors, auditors, attorneys, etc. Tipping occurs when a person with material, nonpublic information shares such information to another person, who then uses that information to purchase or sell a security. Tipping is unlawful by both you (the insider), and, the other person who used that information for gain. Because of these rules, you may be held responsible for trading by members of your immediate family or personal household or entities you exercise control over and may be in violation of this Policy and applicable law. 3. Policies that Apply to all AutoZoners Insider Trading is Prohibited 
 A. Trading of AutoZone securities is prohibited when in possession of material, nonpublic information . No officer, Director, or AutoZoner may purchase or sell any type of AutoZone security while in possession of material, nonpublic information relating to AutoZone. B. Trading of other company s securities is prohibited when in possession of material, nonpublic information relating to that company . AutoZoners may come into possession of material, nonpublic information of other parties, such as vendors, during the ordinary course of their job functions. Trading in that company s securities while in possession of their material, nonpublic information is prohibited. C. Tipping is prohibited . No officer, Director, or AutoZoner shall directly or indirectly communicate or tip material, nonpublic information to anyone, other than on a need-to-know basis and only to the extent necessary for a valid business purpose. 

 2 

Derivatives, hedging and speculative trading in AutoZone Securities are Prohibited . D. Derivatives : You may not buy or sell AutoZone-based derivative securities, such as options, warrants, puts, calls or other derivatives of AutoZone securities. This does not apply to company-granted awards, like employee stock options.) E. Hedging transactions : You may not engage in transactions designed to hedge or offset decreases in the market value of AutoZone securities. This includes zero-cost collars, prepaid variable forward contracts, establishing a short position in AutoZone securities and any other transactions that limit or eliminate both the risks and rewards of holding AutoZone securities. F. Short sales : You may not engage in short sales of AutoZone securities, or transactions that are profitable only if the market price of the securities declines. These include sales against the box, or sales with delayed delivery. Short sales usually involve agreeing to sell securities you do not currently own. G. Standing and limit orders : Standing and limit orders (except standing and limit orders under approved Rule 10b5-1 plans described below) should not be used. A standing order placed with a broker to sell or purchase stock at a specified price or a limit order leaves you with no control over the timing of the transaction. A standing or limit order transaction executed by the broker when you are aware of material, nonpublic information may result in unlawful insider trading. 
 Insider Trading Prohibited after Employment Terminates. This Policy continues to apply to transactions in AutoZone securities after your termination of employment or other service relationship with AutoZone, including any retirement. This means that even after separation from AutoZone, you may not trade in AutoZone securities while you are aware of material, nonpublic information until that information has been made available to the public long enough to be fully absorbed by the stock market as described above. Upon termination or retirement, so long as you do not possess material, non-public information, you may trade in AutoZone securities the day following your last day of employment (if termination or retirement occurs in an open window). If your termination or retirement occurs during a Quiet Period (and you are subject the Quiet Period as described in Section 4 below), you will be permitted to trade in AutoZone securities beginning with the next open window. 4. Policies that apply to AutoZoners on the Quiet List AutoZoners who routinely have access to material, nonpublic information about AutoZone s financial performance are subject to quiet periods during which the purchase or sale of AutoZone securities are prohibited. The quiet period is also referred to as a blackout period or no-trading window . When is the Quiet Period? Quarterly Quiet Periods . A quiet period will begin two weeks before the end of each fiscal quarter and will end one full trading day after quarterly earnings are released to the public. For example, if earnings are released on a Tuesday morning before the New York Stock Exchange opens for that day, AutoZoners on the Quiet List may buy or sell shares beginning on Wednesday. Special Quiet Periods . From time to time, AutoZone may impose special, non-routine, quiet periods that apply to a subset of AutoZoners with possession of material, nonpublic information regarding AutoZone. This may be the result of a pending, material transaction, changes in senior management, significant changes in business trends or a legal or regulatory matter. In these instances, even the fact that a special quiet period exists is considered material, nonpublic information and should not be discussed with others. 
 3 

Who is on the Quiet List? All members of the Board of Directors, Executive Committee and CEO Team are on the Quiet List and subject to quarterly quiet periods. Additionally, other AutoZoners who routinely have access to material, nonpublic information about AutoZone s financial performance are also on the Quiet List, such as individuals from finance/accounting, legal, investor relations, internal audit and executive/administrative assistants. Everyone on the quiet list will receive quarterly communication reminders outlining the timing and associated responsibilities during quiet periods. Types of Transactions An open market purchase or sale is prohibited during a quiet period. The following table provides guidance on how the quiet period rules apply during certain scenarios. Prohibited During Quiet Period Allowed During Quiet Period 
 Exercise and Sale of Stock Options (i.e., Cashless exercise). 

Exercise and Hold of Stock Options (i.e., exercise price and taxes are paid in cash by AutoZoner), 

Sale of shares (sale of any shares, including sale of shares held in Employee Stock Purchase Program). 

Purchase of shares in Employee or Executive Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP or XSPP) made through payroll contributions in compliance with the plan. 

Open market purchases of shares. 

Transfers to non-third parties that do not result in any financial benefit or gain to the AutoZoner (e.g. estate planning transfers). 

Gift of shares (i.e., shares gifted to a third party with nothing received in return). 

5. Pre-Clearance Policies that apply to the CEO Team and Board of Directors Any member of the Board of Directors, Executive Committee or CEO Team must pre-clear all transactions in AutoZone securities (transfers, option exercises, gifts, purchases, sales, etc.) with the General Counsel or designee. The purpose of the pre-clearance requirement is to provide assistance in preventing inadvertent violations of this policy, insider trading laws, SEC reporting requirements and other applicable securities laws and to avoid the appearance of impropriety in connection with the purchase and sale of AutoZone securities. If you intend to buy, sell, transfer or otherwise transact in AutoZone securities, you should submit a pre-clearance request by e-mail to the General Counsel general.counsel@autozone.com and indicate relevant details of the transaction (e.g., the number of stock options to be exercised, grant date of options, type of transaction exercise and hold or exercise and sale, number of shares to be sold / transferred / exercised, etc.). The General Counsel or designee will respond to your request. Unless expressly stated otherwise, approvals of pre-clearance requests are valid for one week. After that time, a new request must be submitted if a trade is still contemplated. Pre-clearance is not required for purchases and sales of securities made pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 Plans that were adopted in compliance with AutoZone s Individual Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans Guidelines, which are attached hereto as Annex A. 6. Additional Policies that apply to the Executive Committee and Board of Directors Members of the Board of Directors, Executive Committee and certain other officers are subject to the Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which imposes certain reporting and other obligations relating to transaction in AutoZone securities. As a result, these Section 16 Persons are subject to the following additional policies designed to promote compliance with Section 16 and related rules. 
 4 

Section 16 Reports (Forms 3, 4 and 5) . Section 16 Persons must file beneficial ownership reports with the SEC by the second business day following any purchase, sale or gift of AutoZone stock. If AutoZone stock is sold, a Form 144 must also be filed with the SEC no later than the date of the sale. Separate from pre-clearance requirements, Section 16 persons are responsible for notifying the Legal Department immediately after a transaction, transfer or other change in ownership is affected , to allow for timely reporting. Form 144 . A Section 16 Person who sells AutoZone shares must file a Form 144 with the SEC no later than the date of the sale. Confirming Ownership Information . Section 16 Persons are responsible for confirming the accuracy of their AutoZone share ownership on an annual basis as part of a compliance questionnaire issued by the Legal Department. Section 16 Persons are also responsible for informing the Legal Department of any changes to their share ownership information on a real-time basis (e.g., how brokerage accounts are titled; if shares are transferred to a new account; the creation of trusts to hold shares; etc.). These rules are highly complex and technical, and Section 16 Persons are encouraged to discuss any questions with the Legal Department. No Opposite-Way Trades within a Six-Month Period . At no time may any Section 16 Person buy-and-sell, or sell-and-buy, AutoZone shares within any rolling six-month period. All profit from a transaction violating this six-month Short-Swing Profit Rule shall be disgorged to AutoZone, consistent with the rules of Section 16(b). There is no defense to this rule, and the Section 16 Person is strictly liable. Margin accounts . Section 16 Persons are prohibited from holding AutoZone securities in a margin account. Assets held in a margin account may be sold by the broker without your consent if you fail to meet a margin call. A margin sale may occur at a time when you are aware of material, nonpublic information or otherwise restricted from trading in AutoZone securities, and therefore, margin accounts are prohibited. Short Sales . While it is against Policy for any AutoZoner to engage in short sales of AutoZone securities (See Section 3 above), Section 16 Persons are prohibited from short sales under Section 16(c) and may face both civil and criminal liability for such violations. Pledging AutoZone securities is Prohibited . Securities pledged as collateral for a loan may be sold without your consent by the lender in foreclosure if you default on the loan. Because a foreclosure sale may occur at a time you are aware of material, nonpublic information or otherwise restricted from trading, you are prohibited from pledging AutoZone securities as collateral for a loan. Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans . A person will not be in violation of the rules or this Policy if such person enters into a written plan, contract, instruction or arrangement in compliance with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (a Rule 10b5-1 Plan that has been reviewed and approved in advance by the General Counsel. Any Section 16 Person desiring to enter into such a plan should contact the General Counsel for additional guidance on establishing such a plan. All Rule 10b5-1 Plans adopted, modified or terminated by Directors, officers and AutoZoners must be approved by the General Counsel and must comply with the Company s Individual Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan Guidelines, which are attached hereto as Annex A . 7. Penalties for Non-Compliance Penalties for trading on or tipping material, nonpublic information can extend significantly beyond any profits made or losses avoided, both for individuals engaging in such unlawful conduct and their employers. Enforcement remedies available to the government or private plaintiffs under the federal securities laws include: SEC administrative sanctions; Securities industry self-regulatory organization sanctions; 
 5 

Civil injunctions; Damage awards to private plaintiffs; Disgorgement of all profits; Civil fines of up to three times the amount of profit gained or loss avoided; Civil fines for the employer of up to the greater of 2,300,000 or three times the amount of profit gained or loss avoided by the violator; Criminal fines for individual violators of up to 5,000,000 25,000,000 for an entity); and/or Jail sentences of up to 20 years. A violation of this Policy may result in disciplinary action, up to and including immediate termination of employment. Additionally, violations are not limited to violations of the federal securities laws. Other federal and state civil or criminal laws, such as the laws prohibiting mail and wire fraud and the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) also may be violated upon the occurrence of insider trading. Note: Recent cases have expanded the courts reading of civil liability for insider trading and broadened the SEC s power to seek civil disgorgement of profits from insider trading violations even when an individual did not personally profit from the illegal trades. 8. Other Important Policies The AutoZone Code of Conduct contains important information relating to the matters described above. Below is a brief summary, but you are encouraged to read the Code of Conduct for additional details and guidance. Confidential Information and Unauthorized Disclosure . All Directors, officers and AutoZoners must maintain confidentiality of Company information for competitive, security and other business reasons, as well as to comply with securities laws . These laws also govern the timing and nature of our disclosure of material, nonpublic information to anyone outside the Company. Therefore, only specifically designated representatives of the Company are permitted to discuss Company matters with the news media, securities analysts and investors. Accurate Books and Records . Section 13(b)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires public companies to maintain proper internal books and records and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. The SEC has also adopted rules intended to discourage officers, Directors and other persons with access to Company books and records from taking action that might result in the communication of materially misleading financial information to the investing public. 9. Questions and Concerns Questions . All AutoZoners are responsible for understanding and complying with this Policy. If you have any questions regarding this Policy, you may contact AutoZone s General Counsel or designee for more information. Reporting Concerns . If you know or even suspect that insider trading or financial fraud is taking place, you should use one of the below resources to report it. via email : general.counsel@autozone.com via letter : Attn: General Counsel, AutoZone, Inc., Dept. 8074, P.O. Box 2198, Memphis, TN 38101, or 123 S. Front Street, Memphis, TN 38103 via online form : Complete and submit an Incident Reporting Form by clicking here . Note: you can access this from any web browser. via phone : Once you dial the toll-free number listed below, choose option 3 for financial fraud. 
 6 

Country Toll-Free Numbers Brazil 0-800-047-5023 China 10-800-852-2158 Germany 0-800-724-6601 India 000-800-050-4337 Mexico 800-062-5344 Taiwan 080-066-8788 Turkey 00-800-44-882-4338 United Kingdom 0-800-023-2073 United States, Puerto Rico and Canada 800-243-7989 
 You are not required to identify yourself when you make a report and may remain anonymous. If you choose to provide your name, it will be kept confidential to the extent the law allows. AutoZone does not tolerate retaliation, harassment or any kind of discrimination against those who speak up in good faith. Speaking up in good faith means that you report your concerns honestly, thoroughly and timely. Nothing contained in this Policy limits AutoZoners ability to file a charge or complaint with the SEC. Further, AutoZoners have a protected right to communicate with the SEC and to cooperate with any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted, including providing documents or other information, without notice to or approval from AutoZone. 
 7 

AutoZone, Inc. Individual Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan Guidelines The Securities and Exchange Commission enacted Rule 10b5-1 (the Rule to give Board members, officers, employees and others who were often in possession of material, nonpublic information greater flexibility to engage in transactions in their company s stock. If insiders follow the requirements of the Rule, they have an affirmative defense from insider trading liability for trades made under an effective written plan for trading securities (commonly referred to as a Rule 10b5-1 Plan). In each case, such persons must act in good faith with respect to the Plan and not as part of a scheme to evade the prohibitions against unlawful insider trading. As set forth in the AutoZone Insider Trading Policy (the Policy ), AutoZone, Inc. (the Company permits its Directors and officers Section 16 Persons to purchase or sell shares of Company common stock pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan (a Plan under certain circumstances. The Company has adopted the following guidelines (the Guidelines to provide Section 16 Persons with clarity as to what parameters must be followed in order to adopt a Plan. These Guidelines are in addition to, and not in lieu of, the requirements and conditions of the Policy and the Rule. Any questions regarding the Guidelines should be directed to the Senior Vice President, General Counsel Secretary. 1. Pre-Clearance . All Plans must be submitted in writing and pre-cleared by the Company s General Counsel. Section 16 Persons are reminded of their obligations under the Company s Stock Ownership Guidelines and shall ensure they remain in compliance with such guidelines after giving effect to the proposed Plan. 
 2. Plan Adoption and Certification . All Plans must be entered into during an open trading window and when the Section 16 Person is not in possession of any material, nonpublic information. At the time of adoption of the Plan, the Section 16 Person must certify as a representation in his or her Plan that he or she (a) is not aware of any material, non-public information and (b) is adopting the Plan in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of the Rule. 
 3. Plan Format . All Plans must be in writing and must either (a) expressly state the amount, price and dates on which transactions may be executed, (b) provide a written formula for determining amounts, prices and dates or (c) delegate discretion on those matters to an independent third-party who is not aware of any material, non-public information. Plans must not allow the Section 16 Person to exercise any subsequent influence over how, when or whether to effect trades in AutoZone securities under the Plan. 
 4. Cooling-Off Period . After the adoption of a Plan, no trades may be commenced under the Plan until the later of: (i) 90 days following adoption or modification of the Plan or (ii) two (2) business days following the disclosure of the Company s financial results on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K for the fiscal quarter in 

 8 

which the Plan was adopted or modified, subject to a maximum of 120 days after adoption of the Plan (the Cooling-Off Period ). 
 5. Multiple Plans . Section 16 Persons may enter into multiple Plans, provided such Plans do not overlap; trading under the later-commencing Plan may not begin until all trades under the initial Plan are completed or the Plan has expired by its terms. An exception to the foregoing restriction may be granted for Plans governing sell-to-cover transactions, subject to compliance with the Rule. Note that only one single-trade Plan may be adopted during any consecutive 12-month period. 
 6. Trades Outside of the Plan . Once a Plan is established, Section 16 Persons may transact in securities that are not subject to the currently existing Plan. Such transactions continue to require pre-clearance and be subject to the Policy. Under no circumstances will opposite-way open market transactions be permitted. 
 7. Plan Duration . The minimum duration of a Plan is six months, and the maximum duration is two years. 
 8. Early Terminations . The early termination of a Plan could affect the availability of the Rule s affirmative defense for prior Plan transactions if it calls into question whether the Section 16 Person is acting in good faith with respect to the Plan and whether the Plan was entered into in good faith and not as part of a plan to avoid the insider trading rules. Because of this risk, early terminations are strongly discouraged . In the event a Section 16 Person determines to terminate a Plan early, every effort should be taken to terminate the Plan during an open window. Early termination of a Plan during a quiet period requires extenuating circumstances and is subject to pre-clearance by the Company s General Counsel (or his or her designee). In the event a Section 16 Person early terminates his or her Plan, such Section 16 Person (a) will be subject to the applicable cooling-off period for any subsequent Plan, and (b) may be (i) prohibited from adopting future Plans, (ii) prohibited from transacting in securities outside of a Plan, or (iii) subject to other restrictions at the sole discretion of the Company s General Counsel. 
 9. Modifications . As provided in the Rule, any modification or change to the amount, price or timing of the purchase or sale of the securities underlying a Plan (including the substitution or removal of a broker that directly or indirectly results in a modification or change to such terms) is deemed (x) a termination of the existing Plan and (y) the adoption of a new Plan, each of which are subject to the applicable requirements of these Guidelines. 
 10. Brokers and Broker Reporting . Plans involving the exercise and sale of stock options must be entered into with the Company s designated broker or other pre-approved broker; and all other Plans may be entered into with a broker of the Section 16 Person s choice. Each Plan must require the broker counterparty to promptly report to the Company s designated representative the details of every transaction executed under a Plan, but in any event, such detail shall be provided no later than one business day after the execution date. 

 9 

11. Public Disclosure of Plan Transactions . To the extent required by SEC rules, the Company will disclose in its periodic reports (i.e., Form 10-Qs and Form 10-Ks) the adoption or termination of a Plan by any Section 16 Person during the last completed quarter, including a description of the material terms of such a Plan, other than terms with respect to price. Additionally, transactions executed pursuant to a Plan will be indicated as such by footnote on the Section 16 Person s Form 4. 
 
 Individual Responsibility . A Plan does not relieve Section 16 Persons from their obligations to comply with the requirements of applicable securities laws, including the requirement to file any applicable notices and reports accurately and on time. Furthermore, notwithstanding any pre-clearance or termination of a Plan, the Co 
 10 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 azo-20240831xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

NAME STATE OR COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION OR INCORPORATION ALLDATA LLC Nevada AutoZone de M xico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico AutoZone Development LLC Nevada AutoZone International Holdings, Inc. Nevada AutoZone IP LLC Nevada AutoZone Latin America Holdings LLC Nevada AutoZone Northeast LLC Nevada AutoZone Parts, Inc. Nevada AutoZone Stores LLC Nevada AutoZone Texas LLC Nevada AutoZone West LLC Nevada AutoZoners, LLC Nevada Riverside Captive Insurance Company Arizona 
 In addition, 22 subsidiaries organized in the United States and 26 subsidiaries organized outside of the United States have been omitted as they would not, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, constitute a significant subsidiary as defined by Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 azo-20240831xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-139559) pertaining to the AutoZone, Inc. 2006 Stock Option Plan Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-103665) pertaining to the AutoZone, Inc. 2003 Director Compensation Award Plan Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-42797) pertaining to the AutoZone, Inc. Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-88241) pertaining to the AutoZone, Inc. Amended and Restated Director Compensation Plan Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-75140) pertaining to the AutoZone, Inc. Executive Stock Purchase Plan Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-230719) pertaining to a shelf registration to sell debt securities Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-251506) pertaining to the AutoZone, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Award Plan Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-171186) pertaining to the AutoZone, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-180768) pertaining to a shelf registration to sell debt securities Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-203439) pertaining to a shelf registration to sell debt securities Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-266209) pertaining to a shelf registration to sell debt securities; of our reports dated October 28, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of AutoZone, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of AutoZone, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of AutoZone, Inc. for the year ended August 31, 2024. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP Memphis, Tennessee October 28, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 azo-20240831xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Philip B. Daniele, III, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AutoZone, Inc. registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

October 28, 2024 /s/ PHILIP B. DANIELE, III Philip B. Daniele, III President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 azo-20240831xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jamere Jackson, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AutoZone, Inc. registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

October 28, 2024 /s/ JAMERE JACKSON Jamere Jackson Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 azo-20240831xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of AutoZone, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 as filed with the SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Philip B. Daniele, III, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

October 28, 2024 /s/ PHILIP B. DANIELE, III Philip B. Daniele, III President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 azo-20240831xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of AutoZone, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, as filed with the SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jamere Jackson, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

October 28, 2024 /s/ JAMERE JACKSON Jamere Jackson Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 azo-20240831.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 azo-20240831_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 azo-20240831_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 azo-20240831_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

